THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo septimo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FIRST Session of the

Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XLI. PART I.

THE

S﻿tatutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XLI.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst;)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, G. G. & J, ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY & SON, NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON. 1797.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo septimo

GEORGII III.

Being the First Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 3. For providing an augmentation to the militia to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed; and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in Case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

Cap. 4. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

Cap. 5. For raising a certain number of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

Cap. 6. For enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

Cap. 7. To continue for a limited time, and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty, and for permitting wheat, wheat flour, and meal, imported in order to obtain the bounties granted by an act of the last session of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be used in the manufacture of starch, hair powder, and blue, or in the distillation of low wines and spirits.

Cap. 8. To continue for a limited time an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty.

Cap. 9. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills.

Cap. 10. For raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 11. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and, to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 12. To continue several acts, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, respecting the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose, for a limited time.

Cap. 13. To enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation, to raise a further sum of money for completing the said navigation; and for amending the several acts relating thereto.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on auctions, bricks, cocoa nuts, British and foreign spirits, and tea.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty, certain duties of customs, on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise within Great Britain, except wine and except coals, when brought or carried coastwise; and for applying the money to arise by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for reduction of the draw-backs and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar; towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan granted, or stock created, by any act or acts passed in the said session of parliament.

Cap. 16. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty on stage coaches.

Cap. 17. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Cap. 18. For altering certain rates of postage for conveyance of letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart at the receipt of the exchequer, for a certain period, out of the revenues of the post office, the annual sum of forty thousand pounds, towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan raised, or stock created, by any act or acts passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 19. For the more effectually securing the stamp duties on indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds.

Cap. 20. For extending the time limited by an act of this session for delivering in navy, victualling, transport and exchequer bills.

Cap. 21. Authorising his Majesty, for a limited time, to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 22. To explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

Cap. 23. To explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

Cap. 24. To explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

Cap. 25. For the better raising and ordering the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 26. To provide for the more speedy payment of all navy, victualling, and transport bills, that shall be issued in future.

Cap. 27. For allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way ot loan, pursuant to an act of the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned; and for granting further relief to persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 28. To remove doubts respecting promissory notes of the governor and company of the bank of England for payment of sums of money under five pounds.

Cap. 29. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Port, in the parish of Saint Breock, in the county of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the parish of Bodmin, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in the said parish of Bodmin.

Cap. 30. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation, to finish and complete the same, and the collateral cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said canal and collateral cut.

Cap. 31. To enable the East India company to raise money by further increasing their capital stock, and to extend the provisions now existing, respecting the present stock of the company to the said increased stock.

Cap. 32. To suspend for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 33. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 34. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 35. For appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 36. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable canal from and out of a certain branch of their said navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford; and also a reservoir for supplying the several canals of the said company with water.

Cap. 37. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, to far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 38. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 39. To explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for rasing a certain number of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy,

Cap. 40. To allow the banks, and certain banking companies in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

Cap. 41. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 42. For altering and amending an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions and annoyances therein; and for continuing the term of certain tolls by the said act granted.

Cap. 43. For building a new chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 44. For amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleaning, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 45. For confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payment of cash by the bank.

Cap. 46. For making certain annuities, created by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, transferrable, and the dividends thereon payable at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

Cap. 47. For discharging the estates of John Teldham esquire, from certain demands of the crown, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 48. For altering, amending, and rendering more effectual two acts, made in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation and improvement of the fisheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and dreams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

Cap. 49. For repairing, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Eyemouth in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 50. For repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Barmouth in the county of Merioneth.

Cap. 51. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Leicester navigation to finish and complete their several works, and to discharge the debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said navigation, and several other works in such act mentioned.

Cap. 52. For regulating and converting the statute labour in the county of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing the highways within the said county.

Cap. 53. For carrying into execution his Majesty's order in council of the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an increase of pay and provisions to the seamen and marines serving in his Majesty's navy; and to amend so much of an act made in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables petty officers and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives, children, or mothers.

Cap. 54. For authorising the company of proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of a certain part of the said canal, so as to render the execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 55. For taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Milbrook in the county of Southampton, and for enlarging the church yard of the said parish.

Cap. 56. To amend an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge across the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 57. For raising the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 58. For repairing or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in the town of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

Cap. 59 For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and the regular redemption of the capital to be created thereby; for enabling the governor and company of the bank of England to retain the sums granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick service; and for repaying to the contributors to the loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, the excess of their deposits beyond the proportional deposits to the said loans.

Cap. 60. To amend an act made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

Cap. 61. To revive, amend, and continue for a limited time, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 62. To revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to allow the banks and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

Cap. 63. For granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize ships, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing aliens in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupation of merchants or factors.

Cap. 64. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 65. For empowering the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at their general or quarter sessions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the said county.

Cap. 66. For revesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, in the former proprietors thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 67. To embank and drain the open and unembanked lands and grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke and the river Witham, in the several towmships or hamlets and parishes of Walcot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timberland, Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 68. For charging the fen lands and low grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth districts, in the bounds and precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, with further taxes, for discharging the debts incurred by the commissioners for the said districts respectively, under certain acts passed in the twenty-second year of King George the Second, and in the twelfth year of his present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving, the drainage of the said lands and grounds.

Cap. 69. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

Cap. 70. For the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 71. For more effectually restraining intercourse with the crews of certain of his Majesty's ships now in a state of mutiny and rebellion, and for the more effectual suppression of such mutiny and rebellion.

Cap. 72. For prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

Cap. 73. For preventing the desertion of seamen from British merchant ships trading to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies.

Cap. 74. To enable the East India company to pay the expences of two regiments of infantry to be raised for the defence and protection of the house and warehouses of the said company, and for such publick services as are mentioned in an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

Cap. 75. To enable his Majesty to draw out and embody the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 76. For disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited time.

Cap. 77. For making the port of San Joses, in the island of Trinidad, a free port.

Cap. 78. For the better regulation and encouragement of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 79. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act more effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein; and also an act passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the said first mentioned act; and for enlarging the powers of the said acts, and altering the manner of rating to the poor of the said parish, and better effectuating other regulations relative thereto.

Cap. 80. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such streets and other publick passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain piece of ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty spinster, situate in the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 81. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several branches of canal from and out of their said navigation.

Cap. 82. For allowing certain discounts, to the contributors of eighteen millions raised by annuities by an act of the present session of parliament, who shall have completed their contributions on or before the days therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. To repeal so much of an act passed in the present session of parliament, as prohibits the exportation and permits the importation duty free, of several sorts of corn, and other articles made thereof.

Cap. 84. To permit goods the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or foreign vessels, from any place whatsoever, for a limited time.

Cap. 85. To amend so much of an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, as relates to the weekly sums thereby directed to be paid to prisoners in execution for debt, in the cases therein mentioned.

Cap. 86. For amending an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the haven of Sandwich, in the same county,

Cap. 87. For paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

Cap. 88. To alter, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge, and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor; and also to raise a further sum of money for the improvement and security of the said level.

Cap. 89. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River south, Plant Load and Brandon River norths bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell Brook, and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Beford Level, to sell certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands, so far as relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district described in the said act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited act.

Cap. 90. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain.

Cap. 91. To continue, for a limited time, an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on payments of cash by the bank, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 92. To continue for a limited time, an act, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 93. To indemnify such persons who have ommitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, admission, or registry, in the several courts of this kingdom.

Cap. 94. To continue an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 95. To amend two acts, made in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the first year of the reign of King George the First, for the preservation of salmon and other fish in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts.

Cap. 96. For amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late majesty. King George the First, intituled An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely; and for more effectually draining and preserving the fen lands and low grounds lying within the said level.

Cap. 97. For carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the united states of America.

Cap. 98. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so far as the same relates to the assize and making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

Cap. 99. To revive and continue the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandizes, in foreign ships, into and from the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva; and also so much of an act made in the thirty-tifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time.

Cap. 100. For extending the Monmouthshire canal navigation; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 101. For enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen, for building new quays, wharfs, and docks, and for making new roads and passages, and widening others leading to and from the said harbour.

Cap. 102. For granting to his Majesty additional duties, on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland.

Cap. 103. To raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 104. For regulating the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 105. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on inhabited houses.

Cap. 106. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain horses before charged with a duty of two shillings by an act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and on mules.

Cap. 107. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on male servants.

Cap. 108. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on clocks and watches.

Cap. 109. To amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provision for those purposes.

Cap. 110. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of customs on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried coastwise; and on pepper to be used and consumed in this kingdom.

Cap. 111. For granting to his Majesty an additional stamp duty on deeds.

Cap. 112. For the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 113. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 114. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

Cap. 115. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 116. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 117. For regulating the trade to be carried on with the British possessions in India, by the ships of nations in amity with his Majesty.

Cap. 118. For regulating the height between decks of vessels entered outwards for the purpose of carrying slaves from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 119. To repeal so much of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty's plantations and colonies in America, as makes negroes chattels for the payment of debts.

Cap. 120. Further to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent act of this session, passed for the purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the same; and also for continuing such subsequent act.

Cap. 121. To explain an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries,

Cap. 122. For the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the names of witnesses to letters of attorney, or other authorities or instruments, for the transfer of stocks or funds, which now are, or by any act or acts of parliament shall hereafter be made, transferable at the bank of England; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock of the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock, or any stocks or funds under the management of the South Sea company; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock of the East India company; or for the receipt of dividends upon any of such stocks or funds.

Cap. 123. For more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths.

Cap. 124. To make perpetual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 125. For authoring his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, biscuit, or pease, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants of the said islands, for a limited time.

Cap. 126. To prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin in this realm made, or to be made, current by proclamation, or, any any foreign gold or silver coin; and to prevent the bringing into this realm, or uttering any counterfeit foreign gold or silver coin.

Cap. 127. To shorten the time now required for giving notice of the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, that the parliament shall meet and be holden for the dispatch of business; and more effectually to provide for the meeting of parliament in the case of a demise of the crown.

Cap. 128 For assessing the of of the tax office, and their officers, to the land tax, in the district called offices executed in Westminster Hall; notwithstanding the removal of the said tax office into Somerset Place.

Cap. 129. For supplying the borough and town of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis, and the parts adjacent, in the county of Dorset, with water.

Cap. 130. For discontinuing the new harbour of Rye, in the county of Sussex, and for repealing several acts relating thereto, and for providing for the discharge of a debt accrued on account thereof; and for making reparation for certain Losses; and for the improvement of the old harbour of Rye.

Cap. 131. For building a bridge over Bursledon river, at or near the ferry of Bursledon, in the county of Southampton, and for making a road from the intended bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the said bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said county of Southampton.

Cap. 132. For enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats in the county of Ayr.

Cap. 133. For enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his collection of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street by way of chance.

Cap. 134. For granting to his Majesty a further additional duty on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or of drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

Cap. 135. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing certain duties on legacies, and shares of personal estate, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

Cap. 136. To enable the of of stamp duties to stamp deeds, and other instruments, bills of exchange, promissory and other notes, in the cases therein mentioned.

Cap. 137. To continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 138. To amend an act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, by disabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majesty's revenues, from giving their votes at such elections, by extending the provisions thereof to persons voting in any meeting of freeholders for preses or clerk, or on any question relative to the adjustment of the roll of freeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering freeholders to administer the oath of trust and possession to persons offering to vote for preses and clerk.

Cap. 139. For allowing a further time for carrying into execution certain powers contained in two acts of the present session of parliament, for raising a provisional cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of volunteers in lieu of the said provisional cavalry, in such counties, and sub-divisions of counties, wherein the said acts have not been carried into execution.

Cap. 140. To enable his Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional pardons to persons under sentence by naval courts martial, and to regulate imprisonment under such sentences.

Cap. 141 To enable the deputy of the clerk of the house of commons, for the time being, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

Cap. 142. For the better administration of justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British subjects from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India.

Cap. 143. To explain and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

Cap. 144. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 145. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining three several branches of road therefrom, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 146. For amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from or near the guide post, at or near a certain place, called Sudden Bridge, in the township of Castleton, within the parish of Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the northeasterly end of a certain street or place, in the town of Bury, within the parish of Bury, in the said county, called Clerk Street; and for making a new road from and out of the said road, at or near a place called Captain Fold, in the township of Castleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the turnpike road leading from the town of Rochdale to the town of Manchester, in the said county, as also with the Rochdale canal, at or near a place called The Blue Pitts, in the said township of Castleton.

Cap. 147. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Magdalen Gate, in the city of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in North Walsham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 148. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Sussex, so far as the said acts relate to the road leading from the bridge, at the north end of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst, to the city of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said county of Sussex.

Cap. 149. To enlarge the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over Skipbridge to Borroughbridge, in the county of York.

Cap. 150. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 151. For reviving, continuing, and amending, an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Wem, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bron y garth, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Majesty, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, so far as relate to the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill, in the said county of Warwick.

Cap. 153. For more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, within the said stewartry.

Cap. 154. For completing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from West Lavington, unto and through the town of the Devizes, to the house known by the name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the county of Wilts; and from Rowde Ford, through the Devizes market-place, to join the Beckhampton turnpike road near Wansdyke; and from the east end of the Devizes aforesaid, to the top of Red Hone Hill, in the said county of Wilts.

Cap. 155. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three acts, passed in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent, and for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near a place called Make made Corner, in the parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the parish of Chilham, in the said county.

Cap. 156. For repairing and widening the road, leading from the town and port of Dover, through the town and borough of Deal, to a certain place in the parish of Sbolden, called Foulmead Field; and for making a new road through part of the said field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and part of a certain other field, called Word Field, to or near to a messuage or farm house, called Upton Farm, in the parish of Worth otherwise Word; and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the town and port of Sandwich.

Cap. 157. For amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the present turnpike road at Hulmes Chapel in the county palatine of Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the south bridge in Chelford, in the said county, near to Chelford Chapel.

Cap. 158. To continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 159. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the first and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relate to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield.

Cap. 160. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York, so far as the same relate to the road from Penistone to Sheffield.

Cap. 161. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the road from the toll house in Paisley Lone at the west side of the entry to the new bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park-house, to the east end of the bridge at Renfrew.

Cap. 162. For enlarging the term and powers of several acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth years of his late Majesty's reign, and in the twenty-ninth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for making and repairing the roads from Gorbals of Glasgow to Floakbridge and Easter Grange in the county of Renfrew, and other roads in the said county; and for making and repairing certain other roads in the said county branching from or connected with the roads mentioned in the said acts.

Cap. 163. For more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the road from the West Cowgate, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Ponteland. Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county of Northumberland, and also the road leading from the said road to the Alemouth turnpike road.

Cap. 164. For amending and rendering more effectual so much of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth to Crieff, and the branches thereof.

Cap. 165. For repairing, widening, and improving, the publick high road, leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby-Lonsdale, in the county of Westmorland.

Cap. 166. For altering, amending, and enlarging, the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making and repairing certain roads, in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Cap. 167. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from a place called Morton's Corner, in the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, to the east end of Abington Street, in the town of Northampton.

Cap. 108. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter Hill, and from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Ganwick Hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

Cap. 169. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the parish of Winterslow, in the county of Wilts; and of another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, for including the road from Spittle House over Weyhill to Mullen's Pond, as directed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty King George the Second, and for amending the roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Canfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarson Street; and also the road through the said town of Basingstoke; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 170. For more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the guide post, in the village of Adderbury, in the county of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the end of The Mileway, in the city of Oxford.

Cap. 171. For making and repairing the road from Kinross in the county of Kinross, to Alloa, in the county of Clachnanan.

Cap. 172. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Atcham, through Condover to Dorrington: and also the road branching out of the said road, at a place called Allfield Turning, in the said parish of Condover, to the turnpike road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlowy at a place called Hongerhill in the same parish, all in the county of Salop.

Cap. 173. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Bolton in the Moors, to Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 174 For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from or near Edenfield Chapel in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the parish of Bury, to the township of Little Bolton, in the parish of Bolton in le Moors; and also for making and maintaining a road, from the said road, at or near a place called Booth Pitts, in the township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the township of Elton, in the said parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 175. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to, through, and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for paving the footways and lighting the streets within the said town.

Cap. 176. For enlarging the term and powers of several acts, for amending and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 177. For more effectually repairing the roads between the house commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington, in the county of Buckingham, and the town of Northampton; and from the north bridge of Newport Pagnely in the said county of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House.

Cap. 178. For extending the term, and amending and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making end repairing several roads round the city of Bristol; and for making and keeping in repair a road from the turnpike gate, at the sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield common road, into the Bitton, and Toghill common road.

Cap. 179. For amending, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Cambridge, into the old north road near Arrington Bridge, all in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 180. For Enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making and repairing the road from Newmish Bridge, by Foodie's mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kircaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other roads in the county of Fife; and for making and repairing other roads in the said county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Gaetano Testolini.

2. An act for naturalizing George Astor.

3. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Horn.

4. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Opie esquire, with Mary Bunn, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act for dividing, and allotting, the open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Aller, in the county of Somerset.

6. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of South Normanton, in the county of Derby.

7. An act for naturalizing Charles Gruneisen.

8. An act for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli.

9. An act for naturalizing Abraham Henry Borel, Henry Borel, Louis Borel and Stephen Azemar.

10. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock.

11. An act for naturalizing George Choumert.

12. An act for naturalizing Wynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink.

13. An act for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open commonable lands, and fields, within the parish of High-ham, in the county of Somerset; and also a certain open or commonable field called, Ham Down, lying partly within the said parish of High-ham, and partly within the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the same county.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and commonable pastures, within the parish of Weston Zoyland, in the county of Somerset.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain parcel or tract of commonable ground, formerly part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the parish of Street, in the county of Somerset; and also for dividing and allotting a certain parcel or tract of waste land, called Turf Moor, in the parish of Street aforesaid.

17. An act for naturalizing Philipp Frederick Muntz.

18. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act to enable the governors of the hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey a messuage, cottages, and divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Fulstow Marsh, Chappel, and Tetney, in the county of Lincoln; and for laying out the money arising from such sale in the purchase of other lands and tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the said hospital.

20. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty, Queen Anne, intituled An act for augmenting the number of canons residentiary in the cathedral church of Litchfield, and for improving the deanry and prebends of the said cathedral, and to make further provision for the canons residentiary in the said cathedral church, and an addition to the fabrick fund thereof.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several commons and waste lands, within the parish of Exton, in the county of Somerset, and also within the several manors of Cutcombe Mohun, and Cutcombe Rawleigh, in the parish of Cutcombe, in the same county.

22. An act to relieve William marquis of Lansdown from certain disabilities in consequence of his having sat and voted in the house of peers without being duly qualified, by taking the oaths and making the declaration prescribed by law, and subscribing the same respectively.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Dunton in the county of Bedford.

24. An act for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann, John Siffken, and George Lewis Christin Tatter.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pasture, and all other unenclosed lands and grounds in the parish of Swayfield, in the county of Lincoln, and a parcel of open land called The Intercommon, within, or belonging to, the said parish of Swayfield, and to the parish of Corby, in the said county.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands and commonable grounds, in the parish of Campton cum Shefford, in the county of Bedford.

27. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields, and meadow and pasture ground, and several moors or commons, within the manor and parish of Harewood, in the county of York.

28. An act for naturalizing Henry Wienholt.

29. An act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Puriton, in the county of Somerset.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and commonable lands and fields, within the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of Somerset.

32. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Othery, in the county of Somerset.,

33. An act to enable Denny Martin, doctor in divinity, to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of Fairfax, pursuant to the will of the right honourable Thomas, lord Fairfax deceased.

34. An act for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquist.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste lands and grounds, within the parish of Tring, in the county of Hertford.

36. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common fields, half year or shack lands, heaths, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barningham, in the county of Suffolk.

37. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the arable lands, intermixed pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Acte, in the county of Norfolk.

38. An act to enable the rector of the parish church of Hitcham, in the county of Bucks, to exchange part of his glebe lands there for other lands in the same parish, belonging to the right honourable William Wyndham lord Grenville.

39. An act to enable the trustees, to be therein named, to make exchange of certain estates comprised in the act of the third of Charles the First, for entailing the castle and manor of Arundel, in the county of Sussex, and certain other estates in the said act mentioned.

40. An act for the enfranchisement of copyhold and customary lands, parcel of the manor of Arundel, and other manors entailed by the act of parliament of the third of Charles the First, and for the sale of tythes, also entailed by the said act.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain moors, commons, or waste grounds, within the townships of Sawley and Winksley, in the parish of Rlpon, in the county of York.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open and common arable fields, common meadows, common and waste lands, within the parish of Wing, in the county of Buckingham.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain tract or parcel of moor, common, or waste ground, called Halton Moor, within and parcel of the manor of Halton, in the parish of Halton, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing certain tracts or parcels of moor, common or waste grounds, within and parcel of the honor and manor of Hornby, in the county palatine of Lancaster

45. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, and pastures, commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Etwall, in the county of Derby.

46. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open commons and waste lands within, or adjoining to, the township or parish of Chewton Mendip, in the county of Somerset.

47. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain tract or parcel of moor, common, or waste ground, called Over Kellett Moor, within and parcel of the manor or lordship of Over Kellett, in the parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

48. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, and waste lands, within the township ot Dalton, in the several parishes of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the west riding of the county of York.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Thornborough, in the county of Buckingham.

50. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and other open lands and grounds, within the several hamlets or tythings of Allcannings and Aldington, in the county of Wilts.

51. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the whole year lands, common fields, half year or shack lands, fens, commons, commonable wood grounds, and other commonable and waste lands, within the parish of Saham Tone, in the county of Norfolk.

52. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Wingrave with Rowsham, in the county of Buckingham.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Saint Mary, in the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

54. An act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Uggeshall, Frostenden, and South Cove, in the county of Suffolk.

55. An act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Sotterly, Henstead with Hulverstreet, and Wrentham, in the county of Suffolk.

56. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the towmship of Harwood, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

57. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other common and waste lands and grounds, in the parish of Barrow in the county of Lincoln.

58. An act to dissolve the marriage of the right honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act for effectuating a settlement of the freehold and copyhold estates of Charlotte Laura, the wife of John Wodehouse esquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris spinster, pursuant to articles executed previous to their marriage, notwithstanding the infancy of the said Charlotte Laura Wodehouse.

60. An act to enable the trustees and executors of the will of Samuel Browne merchant, to settle the residue of his personal estate, and the produce of his real estate, pursuant to the agreements made previous to the marriages of his daughters, Pleasance the wife of Edward Roger Pratt the elder, esquire, and Hester the wife of Jacob Henry Astley esquire.

61. An act for vesting in trustees the settled ettates of George Hassell esquire, in trust to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

62. An act for effectuating a partition of certain estates of Francis Chaplin esquire, and Theophilus Buckworth esquire, in the county of Lincoln.

63. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons, moors, wastes, and waste grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and also a certain common meadow, and all other commonable places and waste grounds, within the township or liberty of Sapperton, in the parish of Church Broughton, in the county of Derby.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Chalgrave, in the county of Bedford.

---

65. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, certain estates at Mappowder and Plush, in the county of Dorset, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the county of Bucks, devised by the will of John late earl Spencer, in trust, to convey the same to the right honourable George John earl Spencer, and his heirs, discharged from the uses and trusts of the said will, on the said right honourable George John earl Spencer, settling in lieu thereof, to the uses and upon the trusts of the said will, his estate at Chapel Brampton, in the county of Northampton.

66. An act for effectuating an exchange between the right honourable John earl of Ashburnham and the dean and chapter of Canterbury, of the advowson of the rectory of Ninfield for the advowson of the vicarage ot Ajbbournham, both in the county of Suffer.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pattures, common meadows, and common or waste land, in Mollington, in the counties of Oxford and Warwick y within the parish of Cropredy, in the said county of Oxford.

68. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several common fields, common downs, common pattures, waste lands, and other commonable places, within the parish of Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, except the commonable lands lying within the borough of Whitchurch, and except the common arable field called The Burgage Field.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and liberties of Whittlebury, in the county of Northampton, (except such commonable lands and grounds within the said parish and liberties as lie within the present ringmound of the forest of Whittkwood, or Whittlebury); and for extinguishing a right of common in and over two certain pieces of ground within the said parish, called Porter's Wood, and Long Hedge.

70. An act for enabling the governors of the free grammar school of Queen Mary, at Waif all in the county of Stafford, to fell certain mines under part of their lands, apd to sell or exchange certain parts of their lands lying dispersed, for improving and extending the benefits of the foundation of the said school, for enlarging the truffs and powers of the said governors, and for enabling them to build a chapel, and for other purposes.

71. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles of agreement, enabling the several fee farm and customary tenants within the honor, manor, and lordship of Hornby, and manor of 'fathom, in the county palatine of Lancaster, who heretofore have omitted, now to come and in and purchase the timber trees and underwoods growing upon their respective tenements, and for veiling the sole property thereof in-them respectively, and extinguishing the customary right of the other tenants therein, and for releasing and extinguishing the freehold fee farm and customary rents, boons, fines, and other services of right, due and accustomed for the tenements of such of the said tenants who have executed the said articles of agreement, and for extending the like powers and benefits to such of the said tenants, not being parties to the said articles, who shall, within a limited time, conform to the tru-fts thereof, with such exceptions and reservations only as are in this bill mentioned.

72. An act for vesting certain undivided parts or shares, devised by the will of James Davis esquire, of and in several estates in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, in trustees to be sold, and for applying part of the money arising thereby in discharging incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses.

73. An act for sale of certain lands and hereditaments in the parish of Burnham, in the county of Bucks, devised by the will of Elliot Salter esquire, deceased, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase of other lands, tenement-, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same uses.

74. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftqres, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Coin Saint Dennis, in the county of Gloucester.

75. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common and open fields, ings, common meadows, common pastures, commons.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mens, and other open commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Diddingtoni otherwise Dodington, in the county of Huntingdon.

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Ashcotty in the county of Somerset.

77. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments, deviled by the will of John Perrott esquire, deceased, in trustees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the sum of one thousand pounds, arising from such sale or exchange, in discharge of a mortgage alTefting the said devised estates; and for laying out the residue of the said money in the purchase of other hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses, and to enable the said trustees, and the several other persons therein named, to grant building and other leases of the said devised estates.

78. An act for enabling Thomas Stinton, doctor in divinity, and his successors, to grant, in manner therein mentioned, a lease of a certain part of the prebendal lands situate in the several parishes therein mentioned.

79. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Charles William Taylor esquire, in trustees, to be sold, for paying incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus monies in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, and for other purposes.

80. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the settled estates of sir William Lowther, baronet, in trustees, in trust, to convey the same to the said sir William Lowther in fee, upon his the said sir William Lowther*s conveying other estates to the uses of the settled estates.

81. An act for vesting the manor of East Mark, and certain lands-and hereditaments in the county of Somerset, part of the settled estates of Henrietta Maria? the wife of Michael Hicks Beach esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for investing the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

82. An act to confirm and render valid and effectual a partition of divers messuages, cottages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided moiety was deviled by the will of Anna Maria Sacheverell widow, and the other undivided moiety by the will of Jane Gough widow, deceased, and for settling and assuring the specific messuages, lands, and hereditaments, which upon such partition have been allotted to be held in several ty, for or in lieu of each of the said undivided moieties, to such ules as by the said wills are limited, of and concerning the said undivided moieties respectively.

83. An act for vesting several messuages and hereditaments in the parish of Alshallows Steyning, in the city of London, in the corporation of the Trinity House, subject to several perpetual yearly rent charges payable to the redftor, clerk, lexton, and churchwardens, of the same parish.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons, commonable woods, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Chaddeftey Corbett, in the county of Worcester.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open and common fields, and downs, common pastures, and other open lands and grounds, within the hamlet or tything of E after ton, in the county of Wilts.

86. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste grounds, open fields, meadows, and pastures, within the manor and parish of Bunny, in the county of Nottingham,

87. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Wyke Regis, in the county of Dorset.

88. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Great Wilbraham, in the county of Cambridge.

89. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and laying in several ty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Little Wilbraham, in the county of Cambridge.

90. An act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Coxfe, in the county of Gloucester.

91. an act for dividing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, in the Jordship of Toddington, and hamlet of Charlton, in the parish of Eoddington, in the county of Bedford.

92. an act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Barnby and Mutford, in the county of Suffolk.

93. an act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and wafie grounds, in the parish of Elstow, in the county of Bedford.

94. An act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing the several commons and wafie lands in the township of Ditton, in the parish of Prescot, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

95. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several commons and wafie lands, lying and being within the parishes of Shipham and Winscombe, in the county of Somerset.

96. An act to dissolve the marriage of Joseph Henry Cooke surgeon, with Elizabeth Smith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

97. An act to dissolve the marriage of James M'Gauley with Elizabeth Rowlands his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

98. An afor naturalizing Lewis John Marie Haujfoullier.

99. An act for allowing timber to be cut upon certain estates settled by the will and codicil of fir Francis Henry Drake, baronet* and for applying and laying out the money to arise therefrom

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

100. An act for vesting several estates in the county of Chester, of the right honourable George James earl Cholmondeley, as devisee for life under the will of the honourable general James Cholmondeley, deceased, in the faicf earl Cholmondeley, in feesimple, and for settling other estates of the said earl, in the same county, in lieu thereof.

101. An act for vesting part of the estates of the late fir James Dashwood in trustees, in trust, to sell the same, and to apply the money arising thereby in discharging certain incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the r.efidue, if any, of the money arising from such sale or sales in the purchase of estates, to be settled to the uses of the will of the said fir James Dashwood,

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common and open fields, ings, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and other open commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Southoe, in the county of Huntingdon.

103. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several open, common, and wade lands, within the several manors of Holwell and Woodbridge, and in the pari 111 of HolvuellJ in the county of Somerset.

104. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands, within the several parishes of Somertot?, and Compton Dundon, and certain open or commonable lands, called Southmead and Kingsmoor, situate within the several parishes of Somerton, Long Sutton, KingJ'don, Northover, and Uchester, and the hamlets or tithings of JVidcombe, jJJh, and Milton, in the parish of Martock, lorne or one of them; and also, lo much of a certain allotment or tract of* unenclosed land, within the said parish of Long Sutton, as appertained to sundry tenements within the manor of Knoll, in the parish ok Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the county of Somerset,

105. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain moors, commons, or waste lands and grounds, lying and being within the parishes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and West Hatch, in the county of Somerset.

106. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain pieces of common or waste land, within the township of Crid-ling Stubbs, in the west riding of the county of York,

107. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons or waste lands within the manor and parish of Lindridge, in the county of Worcester.

108. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields and meadows, commonable and intermixed lands and waste grounds, within, or belonging to, the parish of Jfbelworth, in the county of Gloucester.

109. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons or waste lands, in the several parishes of Moreton Corbet, Skaivbury, Stanton upon Hine Heath, and Hodnet, in the county of Salop.

110. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Southill, in the county of Bedford.

111. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Knipton, in the county of Leicester.

112. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parishes of Hinton Martel and Guff age All Saints, in the county of Dorset.

113. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds and places, in the parish of Harrold\ in the county of Bedford.

114. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Stoke Mandeville, in the county of Buckingham.

115. An act for dividing and enclosing the waste lands, within the manor of Kerry, in the county of Montgomery.

116. An act for effectuating an exchange between the governors of the free grammer school of Harrow on the Hill, in the county of Middlesex, and John Hunter, of Gubbins, in the county of Hertford, esquire, of a farm and certain lands, in the parishes of North and South Mims, in the said counties of Hertford and Middlesex, for a farm and certain lands in the parish of Harrow on the Hill aforesaid.

117. An act for empowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to fell the superiorities of the lands holden blench or in feu of the eftaie of Lovat, together with the feu and other duties payable by the vassals of proprietors of such lands to the heir of entail of the said estate, and also such parts and portions of the entailed estate of Lovat, and others, in the county of Inverness, belonging to the honourable lieutenant general Simon Fraser of Lovat, now deceased, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts contracted by him, and affecting the said lands and estate, and for vesting the remainder in the heirs of entail named by the said lieutenant general Simon Fraser, subject to the limitations and provisions of his deeds of entail.

118. An act for sale of part of the estates comprised in the marriage settlement of Edward Buckley esquire, and Elizabeth his wife, in order to pay off an incumbrance affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

119. An act for the better enabling the trustees to sell and dispose of the remaining estates of the late Robert Piggot esquire, situatein the several parishes, townships, hamlets, fields, precincts, and territories, of Peplow, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the county of Salop.

120. An act for discharging certain estates comprised in the marriage settlement of Richard Langley esquire, from the uses

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

thereby limited, and for settling other estates in lieu thereof

121. An act for exchanging the advowson of the vicarage of the abbey church, otherwise holy cross, with Saint Giles annexed, in the county of Salop, belonging to his Majesty, for the advowsons of the churches of Rifby and Fornham Saint Geno-vejje, otherwise Saint Genoveve, in the county of Suffolk, belonging to the right honourabe Thomas AW lord Berwick.

122. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing a certain common moor or trad of waste ground, called Wark Common9 lying wholly or partly within the barony or manor of Wark, in the parish of Carbarn, in the county of Northumberland.

123. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, half years meadow land, heath, commons, and waste grounds in the parishes of Blankney and Scopivicky in the county of Lincoln.

124. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain open fields, common pastures, commons, or waste grounds, within the manor of Settrington, in the east riding of the county of York,

125. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable land and ground, within the parish of Oxbilf in the county of Warwick,

126. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Moor line ey in the county of Somerset.

127. An act for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel.

128. An act for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Joseph Soileux.

129. An act for naturalizing Frederick Heifch and John Jacob Mails.

130. An act for vesting the manors, and other hereditaments situate in the county of Cambridge, devised by the will of Bridget Southcote widow deceased, in trustees for sale, and for laying out the money arising from the sale thereof in elfates in the county of Norfolk, to be settled to the uses devised by the said will of the said Bridget Southcote.

131. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common's and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Selby^ in the west: riding of the county of York.

132. An act xo dilToIve the marriage of fir Godfrey Vaffail (lately called fir Godfrey Webster) baronet, with Elizabeth Vaffail his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

133. An act for vesting in trustees certain parts of the late earl of Bradford's estates, in the county of Salop9devi'ed by the will of general Harry Pulteney, dor the purpose of e Medina-an exchange thereof with the right honourable Thomas Noel lord Berwick, and for settling the estates, to be taken in exchange to the like uses and manner as the said earl of Bradford's estates in the said county of Salopy are now settled.

134. An act for vesting the freehold and leasehold, or chattel.

A TABLE of the

hold estates, respectively, comprised in the marriage settlement of John Pinney esquire, and Elizabeth his wife, and situate in the county of Somerset, in the said John Pinney, his heirs, executors, administrators, and aligns, discharged from the uses and trusts by such settlement limited and declared of the same, and for settling divers other freehold and leasehold or chattelhold messuages, farms, lands, and hereditaments, of greater value, situate in the county of Dorset, in lieu thereof.

135. An act for appointing trustees for carrying into execution certain trusts and powers contained in the will of the late fir Henry Houghton baronet, in the room of Samuel Fenton merchant, and Thomas Fenton esquire, the trustees therein named, who departed this life, in the life-time of the said fir Henry Houghton, and for enabling the said trustees to exchange part of_ the lands thereby devised for lands of which fir Henry Philip Houghton, or Daniel Houghton, or either of them, are or is seised in fee Ample, and for enabling the tenants for life, under the said will, to make conveyances in fee, and leases for long terms of years, for the purpose of building.

136. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, commons, and waste lands within the parish of Horton, in the county of Gloucester,

137. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other common-able lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Weston, in the county of Hertford.

138. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, commons, and walle grounds, within the manor and township of Hillarn, in the parish of Monk Frystone, in the west riding of the county of York.

139. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, of and within the manor and parish of Jdjlock, in the county of Buckingham.

140. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Drayton Parjloiv, in the county of Buckingham.

141. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste 'grounds, in Rounds, in the county of Northampton.

142. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds in the parish of Kings Walden, in the county of Hertford.

143. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, or stinting, certain open common fields, ing lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Bolton Percy, in the county of the city of York.

144. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common marshes, heaths,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wastes, and commonable woods, lands, and grounds, within the parish of Croydon, in the county of Surrey.

145. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Greatford, in the county of Lincoln.

146. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain open and intermixed lands and grounds within the township of Pontefrafi, in the west riding of the county of York^ and making compensation for the great tithes of the said lands, and other lands in the townships of Pontefratt, Tanjhelf^ and Carlton, within the parish of Pontefract, and also for the vicarial tythes of the said parish.

147. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common-able lands and grounds within the federal parishes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the county of Wilts.

148. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Eynesbury, in the county of Huntingdon,

149. An act to dissolve the marriage of Sidenham Teajl merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

150. An for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois De Chemant.

151. An act for vesting in a new trustee the sum of forty thousand pounds given by a codicil annexed to the will o{John Tempejl esquire, to Farrer Wren, and Robert Shacto, esquires, upon certain trusts in the said codicil mentioned.

END OF THE TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Alttno GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae, Britannia Francis, &, tricesimo septimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogati to the twenty-seventh day of September 1796; being the first session of the eighteenth parliament Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cycler, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[Nov. 2, 1796.]

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[November 2, 1796 ]

Four shillings in the pound. In England to raise 1, 989, 673l. 75. iod iq. In Scotland 47, 954l. is, 2d. — Total 2, 037, 6271. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. III.

An act for providing an augmentation to ike militia3 to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed\ and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied % in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

[November n, 1796.]

2

[Preamble.]

a6 Geo. 3. c. 107.

34 Geo. 3.

c. 16

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, a certain number of men are directed to be raised in the several counties, ridings, and places in England, to serve in the militia; and by another ady passed in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled An act for augmenting the militia, the several regiments, battalions, and companies of militia, have been augmented by such numbers of volunteers as his Majesty hath, under the authority of the said last mentioned act, thought proper from time to time to add thereto: and whereas, in order to prevent or repel any attempt which the enemies of the country may make to effect a descent upon this kingdom, it is expedient to aug?nent the militia forces in such manner, and to provide that such augmentation may be trained, and exercised to arms, without delay, and embodied in case of emergency: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Lieutenants of of the same. That his Majesty's lieutenants, constituted and ap-counties appointed by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, virtue of the ^or counties, ridings, and places, herein after mentioned, first recited act shall respectively have full power and authority, and are hereby to carry this required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such persons, and in such manner, as is herein after directed; and the said lieutenants shall also have, and are hereby vested with full power and authority, to carry this act into execution, and to appoint a proper number of officers acting with the regiment, battalion, or company, raised by virtue of either of the said acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-fourth years aforesaid, for such county or riding, or such other proper persons as are duly qualified and approved of, according to the directions of the said former acts, or this act, or such other persons as are herein after described, to be officers of militia, to train, discipline, and command the persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein after mentioned, and to do all other acts, matters, and things necessary for carrying this act into execution, in like manner, and as fully, and effectually, as they are authorised to carry into execution the said former acts, or any of them; and that in the absence of any lieutenant, or where there shall be no lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, duly authorised by his Majesty, may aft in all things touching the execution of this act, as they might do in the execution of the said former acts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient number of officers acting with the regiment, battalion, or company, raised by virtue of the said former acts, for the county, rid — found officers ing> or place5or persons qualified as aforesaid, cannot be found to in the Vmy, accept of commissions in the supplementary militia to be raised by or who have virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for the said lieutenants and retired from deputy

into execution

In their absence deputy lieutenants may act.

If a sufficient number of qualified persons cannot be

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 3

deputy lieutenants respectively, to appoint for that service, such the army or a number of the officers in the army, whether on full or on half pointed pay, or of persons who have had commissions in any of his Ma- though not*jesty's forces, or in the militia, and have retired therefrom, as qualified, his Majesty shall approve, although not duly qualified as aforesaid; such officers not to be appointed, on their first appoint* ment, to any higher rank in the said supplementary militia, than they respectively have, 01; have had, in his Majesty's other forces or in the militia.

III. And be it further enacted, That the number of private Number of men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be as follows; (that fabe's foju is to say), lows.

For the county of Bedford, two hundred and fifty-four.

For the county of Berks, seven hundred and forty-nine.

For the county of Bucks, -six hundred and sixty-two.

For the county of Cambridge, six hundred and forty-six.

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, one thousand four hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cornwall, eight hundred and twenty-eight.

For the county of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and eighty.

For the county of Derby, one thousand six hundred and sixty-six.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thousand six hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole, one hundred and eighty-five.

For the county of Durham, eight hundred.

For the county of Essex, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six.

For the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Brijlo/, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven.

For the county of Hertford, six hundred and sixty-two.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred.

For the county of Huntingdon, none.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

For the county of Lancaster, five thousand one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Leicester, nine hundred and twenty-eight.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two thousand one hundred and forty.

For the county of Middlesex(exclusive of the Dower division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets,) five thousand eight hundred and twenty.

For the county of Monmouth, three hundred and sixty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-two.

For the county of Northampton, one thousand one hundred and twenty-eight.

For the county of Northumberland, " with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, eight hundred and twenty-four.

b % For

At meetings in pursuance of the first recited act the county lieutenants,

See to carry this into execution as that act, except where hereby altered.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III.e, 3*.

[1796.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, eight hundred and ninety-six.

For the county of Oxford, eight hundred and fifty-two.

For the county of Rutland, eighty.

For the county of Salop, one thousand five hundred and fifty-eight.

For the county of Somerset, two thousand nine hundred and sixty. For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, eight hundred and forty-seven.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, two thousand and ninety-five.

For the county of Suffolk, one thousand four hundred and seventy. For the county of Surrey, two thousand four hundred and sixty. For the county of Sussex, one thousand one hundred and sixty. For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, (but exclusive of Birmingham,) nine hundred.

For the county of Westmoreland, three hundred and fifty.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Worcester, eight hundred and twenty-five.

For the county of Wilts, one thousand and forty-nine.

For the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, four thousand six hundred and ninety-four.

For the north riding of the said county, one thousand three hundred and sixty.

For the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, eight hundred and sixty-one. For the county of Anglcfiea, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Brecon, three hundred and forty.

For the county of Cardigan, four hundred and seventy-four. f or the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and ninety.

For the county of Carnarvon, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the county of Denbigh, four hundred and twenty.

For the county of Flint, three hundred and eleven.

For the county of Glamorgan, six hundred and twenty-two.

For the county of Merioneth, one hundred and seventy-four.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and fifty-nine.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford West, three hundred and thirty-one.

And for the county of Radnor, two hundred and twenty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the several meetings of the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, and place, which shall be holden in pursuance of the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, at any time after the passing of this act, or at any special meetings to be held for the purpose, if necessary, the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants there respectively attending, and also the justices of the peace of the same county, riding, or place, shall carry this act into execution, in like manner as they are directed to carry into execution the said except

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 5

cept where any alteration is made by this act; and that at the At the first first sub-division meeting of deputy lieutenants, held within their respective sub-divisions, after the passing of this aeft, at which a which a rereturn of the lifts of men liable to be ballotted into the militia, turn ofmen by virtue of the said former acts, shall have been, or shall be then liable to be made, the deputy lieutenants there attending, shall cause a dupli- y ^tue* of the cate of such lifts to be made out, and after hearing appeals against former acts the same, shall diredf the duplicate of such lifts to be amended as shall be made, the case shall require, and in such manner that the names of all a duplicate of persons liable to be ballotted for by virtue of this act to serve in bYmadeYn the supplementary militia, hereby directed to be raised, shall be which the inserted therein, and shall also direct the names of all persons by names of per* this act respectively excepted from so serving, to be struck out of fons liable to the duplicate of the said lift; and shall appoint the times and places f^unde^this for their second meetings, within their respective sub-divisions; a£ shall be and shall return to the clerk of the general meetings, for the use inserted, See of the said general meetings, certificates, under their hands, of the number of men in each parish, tything, or place, specified in the duplicate of the lift so amended, and the same shall be filed by the clerk for the use of the general meetings, and which general meetings are empowered to alter the same, in like manner as they may do under the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of A general

lieutenancy shall be held in each county, riding, or place, as soon ]uten!mcv after such first sub-division meeting as may be, and before the to be held as time appointed for the second sub-division meeting; and at such soon as may-general meeting the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or such be after the^ of them as shall be present at such meeting, shall appoint the -

number of men to serve in pursuance of this act for each hundred, aTwhich^he^ rape, lath, wapentate, or other di vifton, within such county, number of riding, or place, according to the numbers contained in the cer- men to serve tincates received from the lev era! sub-division meetings, in such for the county manner as they are authorised to do by the said act of the twenty- of this act sixth year aforesaid shall beap-

VI. And belt further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants, pointed, assembled at their said second meeting held after the passing of At the second this act, within any sub-division as aforesaid, shall appoint what sub-division number of men shall serve for each parish, tything, and place, YYber of C within such sub-division, in proportion to the number appointed men to serve to serve for each hundred, rape, lath, wapentate, or other divi- for each parish lion; and shall appoint another meeting to be holden as soon as shall be ap- conveniently may be, and within three weeks from the day on YlYuother which such meeting was holden, within the same sub-division; meeting.

and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other ofti- Orders to be cers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or blued to the other divisions, requiring' them to give notice to the constable, chief confta-tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, ty- Ydce^to the thing, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, conliable of wapentakes, or other divisions, of the number of men, so ap- each parish of.pointed to serve for such parish, tything, or place, and of the the number time and place of the next sub-division meeting; and the said ^YofUie^iext

33 3

jCJOvTC

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in

6

meeting, at

iall he'chosen Pur^uanc^ of such appointment, shall cause the number of men by ballot out appointed to serve as aforesaid, to be chosen by ballot out of the of the dupli- duplicate of the lift returned for every parish, tything, or place cate of the lift aforesaid, and amended, where occasion requires, according to and another t]le directions of this act, and shall appoint another meeting to be holden, as soon as conveniently may be, and within three weeks, in the same sub-division; and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to direct the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, notice to the tything, or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to serve men so chosen in the supplementary militia, to be raised by virtue of this act, to

meeting appointed, and order issued to the chief constable to direct the con- liable to give

to appear thereat

Constable to make a return upon oath at the

appear at such meeting, which notice shall be given or left at his place of abode, at least seven days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer Avail attend such meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when such notice was served; and every person so chosen by ballot meeting; and shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take ^ot^e^he^11 t^le ^ow^ng oath; (that is to say),

oath; ^1 T i do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and 4 I do swear, that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end thereof/

and to be enrolled.

Person s chosen may find substitutes of the same county, who, if approved, lli all be enrolled and sworn.

And every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end thereof.

VII. Provided always, That if any person so chosen by ballot shall produce for his substitute, a man of the same county, able and fit for service, and who shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the said supplementary militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for such term as the person for whom he shall be a substitute shall have been chosen to serve, and such substitute shall take the oath before-mentioned; and any person so chosen by bailot, for whom such substitute shall have been io produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as aforesaid, shall not be again ballotted for in pursuance of this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such deputy lieutenants shall not reject any person so produced as a

Substitute not to be ob-

accoun^of the substitute for or on account of the number of his children; any number of his thing in any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. children.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any

d^eniolled1 Per^ori> c ^cn by bailot, who shall have been enrolled in the said

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 7

said supplementary militia, shall at any time, during the continu- producing ance of this act, produce for his substitute any person of the de- ^ho fhllTbe scription before*mentioned, who shall be approved by the com- approved by manding officer of the militia now serving for the county, riding, the commander placey where such person was so chosen, it shall and may be lawful for such commanding officer to cause such substitute to be titted to their enrolled to serve in the said supplementary militia of such county, discharge. riding, or place, in lieu of the person so chosen by bailot, which enrolment shall be made in the manner before directed; and that upon the enrolment of such substitute as aforesaid, the person so chosen by ballot shall be entitled to his immediate discharge.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to provide volunteers to serve in the fj°teerspre-said supplementary militia, for any sub-division within any county, vious to the riding, or place, and to produce such volunteers before any deputy meeting for lieutenants or justices of the peace of the same sub-division, at h^balkft^or any time previous to the day appointed for choosing the men by persons^ay1* ballot to serve for such sub-division, or the said supplementary offer them-militia, in pursuance of this act, or for any persons willing to selves to serve serve therein, to offer themselves to serve in the said supplemen- in the ^ppte-tary militia for any such sub-division, and to appear before any ^whomav such deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace within such time be enrolled and at such place as aforesaid; and every person so produced, or and sworn, appearing, who shall be approved of by the said deputy lieutenant or any justice of the peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to serve in the said supplementary militia as a private man during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end thereof, and shall take the oath herein-before prescribed; and such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively before whom any such volunteers shall be enrolled, shall cause the clerks of the meetings for the respective sub-divisions to enroll the names of all such volunteers in such manner as they are required to enroll the names of persons chosen by bailot; and the names of all such volunteers shall be so enrolled within their respective sub-divisions before the time appointed for ballotting the men within the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the number of volunteers enrolled by virtue of this act in any sub-division, before the time appointed for taking the ballot as before directed, shall not amount ro two third parts of the whole number of men appointed to be raised within such sub-division, the deputy lieutenants shall, at the time and place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such number of men only as shall be then wanted to make up the whole number to serve for such sub-division, making a fresh appointment of the number of men to be raised for the respective parishes and places in such sub-division, according to the number then wanted as aforesaid; and that if the number of volunteers who shall have been then enrolled, shall amount to or exceed such two third parts, then the said deputy lieutenants may suspend the ballot appointed to be taken, for any space of time not exceeding five days, (of which, like notice shall be given as is herein-before directed), and they fihali forthwith transmit an account of the

If the volunteers so enrolled shall not amount to two thirds of the whole number to be raised for the sub-division, the deputy lieutenants shall at the time appointed ballot for the remainder of the whole, and if it shall amount to that number, the ballot may

8

for five days, and an account of the volunteers enrolled Cent

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [i 796.

number of volunteers so enrolled, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, who shall tranifnit the same, without delay, to his Majesty's privy council; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's privy council, on the transmission of such account,

to the county to direct a further suspension of the said ballot for such time as. lieutenant, who hi all transmit it to the privy council, who may direct a

shall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reafofiable opportunity to complete the quota of such sub-division by the enrolment of volunteers; and in such case it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, acting for such sub-Pay cllbc^t a division, within the time allowed by his Majesty's privy council, (ion, in order to enr°H such further number of men as volunteers in the said to complete supplementary militia, as shall be wanting to complete the quota the quota by of men to be raised for such sub-division, in the manner before ambi^not* directed: provided always, That if at the expiration of the time compleated in allowed by his Majesty's privy council, the whole number of men that time, the to be raised for such sub-division shall not have been enrolled, the deputy lieu- deputy lieutenants, without further delay, shall proceed to ballot te^najits^shall for t^e number of men then wanted to make up such number, ballot for the making a fresh appointment of the number of men to be raised number want- for each parish or place, according to the numbers then wanted ed; andifcom- as aforesaid; but if at the end of the time so, allowed, the whole transmit^n^ number of men to be so raised for such sub-division shall be corn-account to pieced, then the deputy lieutenants shall transmit an account the lieutenant thereof to the lieutenant of the said county or place, who shall tobefentto transmit the same to his Majesty's privy council; and in such counHl^ca^e n0 ka^ot shall take place for such sub-division,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per foci entitled to be exempted from being chosen by ballot to serve in the said supplementary militia, by virtue of this act, by reason of his enrolment in any volunteer corps herein after mentioned, or by reason of his being or acting as game-keeper to any lord or lady of a manor, who shall be enrolled to serve according to the directions of any act to be passed in this session of parliament, shall be admitted into or enrolled in the said (upplememary militia as a volunteer, under the provisions of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any overseer of the poor of any parish or place, shall give to any volunteer or volunteers enrolled in the said supplementary militia in the manner before directed, any sum of money not exceeding four pounds four shillings each to serve in the said supplementary militia for such parish or place, it shall be lawful for such overseers to reim-

may reimburse burse themselves out of any monies of the rates then raised, or to themselves out be reimbursed out of any monies thereafter to be raised for the relief of the poor, in such manner as they may reimburse themselves, or be reimbursed for any monies by them expended in matters relating to the poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if, through the neglect or mi (lake of any chief constables, constables, or other officers, or from any other cause, the full number of men appointed for

be enrolled at any sub-division should not be duly enrolled at the meeting ap-

meeting01thed Pointe^ fQr t]hat PurP°^e3 as before directed, then the deputy J lieutenants

No person exempted from being chosen by ballot by reason of his enrolment in any volunteer corps, or acting as game-keeper, shall be admitted as a volunteer under this act. Overseers giving to volunteers not more than four guineas.

of the pGor rates.

If the number of men for any ful>- division shall not

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii I'll. c. 3. 9

lieutenants at their said tneeting, or any two or more of them, deputy lieu-may, and they are hereby required immediately to cause the lifts a

to be amended, and to proceed to a frefti bailot, and to adjourn fr^ftTballot. their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution; and it shall A deputy be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace, lieut^nant to administer the oath herein-before required to be taken by per- aHm\nift^rthe fons to serve in the said supplementary militia to any person oath to per-ballotted, or to any person offering as a volunteer, under the fons who are directions of this act, or to any person who shall offer to serve as a substitute, ' and such deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace, cie, ricCoj' the is hereby authorised to direct and require the clerk, of the sub- fub division division for which every such person, by whom the said oath has to enrol the been before him taken, is to serve, to enroll the name of every person si worn, such person, together with the date of the day on which the said oath was so administered to him, in the roll of such sub-division.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained This actnot shall be construed in any manner to impede or delay the levying of men who ought to be raised from time to time to complete the ^npleat the militia now embodied, or to vary the manner of proceeding embodied therein according to the directions of the said act of the twenty- militia, sixth year aforesaid; but that all such levies shall be effected in like manner as if this act had not been passed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen by Persons chosen

bailot, according to the directions of this act, to serve in the said by ballot (not supplementary militia, (not being one of the people called kers) nnt^ap-

kers) shall refuse or neglect to appear, and take the said oath, and ptarine, &c. serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as to forfeit 15l. aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and sign his con lent to ailti to be lia-serve as his substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting at the

shall forfeit and pay the Turn of fifteen pounds, and whenever any next bailor 5 ballot shall take place in the same pari ill or place, under the au- t

thority of this act, be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute; and in default of payment of such penalty, or for want of and ifthe pe-diffident effects whereon to levy the same, the name of such nbal 1 ^be person shall be entered on the roll, and such person. shall be compelled to delivered over to some proper officer of the regiment, battalion, serve,

or independent company, lor which he was bnllotted, and shaft be compelled to serve in like manner as any other person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be fuhjed to the same punishments for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly (worn and enrolled as a miltia man.

XVII. Provided always, That the powers contained in the The powers of

said act of the twenty-hxih year aforesaid, with relpcd to the riieiirft recited j j act with re-

people called Quakers, shall be carried into execution in the ipect toQuak-

Jevying of men to be raised by virtue of this act, as fully and trs, to exrend

amply as if the same had been repeated and enacted in the body to this act.

of this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Certain per-

person lonscxcinPce<i

12

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

and exercised, it shall and may be lawful, on coin plaint made thereof to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, town corporate, or place, where such master ormistress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant, in proportion to the service he has performed, or such abatement from his wages, in proportion to the duration of his absence from his service, as the case may require, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any Turns so ordered to be paid, by the space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such justice Thailand may issue forth his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such master or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale,

Substitutes or

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall volunteers ne- receive money from any other person to serve as his substitute in glecting to the said supplementary militia, or from any person or persons to {worn* to ve serve as a volunteer in pursuance of this act, and shall neglect to turn the mo- appear at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia ney received, men, or before some one deputy lieutenant, in order to be and forfeit not sworn according to the directions of this act, every such person or^The corn neglie^ng to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof miited to gaol before any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, shall be obliged to return the money to the person or persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay to such person or persons, any sum not exceeding five pounds, at the discretion of the deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace before whom, lie shall be so convicted; and if such offender fhalPnot immediately return the money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said'penalty, he shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three calendar months, or until the said. sum shall be returned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any man chosen choien by b d-^ballot to serve in the said supplementary militia, shall have

lot Hull cn- 1 r \ A7- r

age a fuhfti- er, gaEe^ anV other man to !erve as his iubititute, or if any per-

tute, or any son or persons shall have engaged any man to serve as a volunteer person flu.if as aforesaid, and the man so chosen by bailot, or such person or ^uifteer Pelon3 ^na'^avc agreed to pay to the man so engaged a certain

{ball after cn- ihm for such service, and shall, after such man has been.enrolled, rolment refuse refuse to pay him the full sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for to pay him the any one justice of the peace on application made to him, and such justice is hereby required to order such sum of money as rnaV^order ft shall appear to him to be due to the man so engaged, to be i into, be paid im- mediately paid to him by the person or persons by or for whom 'mediately. he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid, and such justice

shall for three months.

If any man

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 13

shall proceed therein in the same manner as is directed by an act of the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants, and for the better regulating of such servants and of certain apprentices.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said supplemen- Regulations tary militia to be raised as aforesaid, or such part thereof, as shall ^dTrainfn°Ut be appointed by the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants at any t^e fUppie. general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his mentary mi-Majestiy, to be trained and exercised together, shall be called htia.

out for the purpose of being trained and exercised for the space.of twenty days, and which training and exercising shall commence as soon after the passing of this ac£b as conveniently may be; and in every county, riding, or place, in which it shall have been appointed, that the whole of such supplementary militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same time, then the respective parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively, until the whole of the men serving for such county, riding, or place, shall have been trained and exercised for the space of twenty days; and that for the purpose aforesaid the men serving for such county, riding, or place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised, in such manner, and in such pro- portions, at such time or times, and place or places, in such county or riding, as shall be appointed by the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of the lieutenancy, to be holden as herein-before directed, or in default of any such meeting being holden, then by the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authot ifed by his Majesty to act as aforesaid; and that during such time as the The men, men shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and ^hile aiTem-exercised, they, and each of them, shall be subject and liable to^to b^sub- the same orders, regulations, pains, and punishments, as the jcit-to the -militia forces are subject and liable toby the said former act, same regula-during the time of their annual exercise: provided always, That it shall be lawful for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, at any son^r*general meeting of lieutenancy, to alter the places appointed for act. assembling the men for exercise, and from time to time to appoint The place for other or additional places as they shall find expedient, giving the exercise may-like notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the places be altered, first to be appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the militia men to be The men to raised by virtue of this act, shall be trained and exercised during the respective periods of twenty days, by such officers, non- cf T^m

commissioned officers, and drummers, or private men, appointed giments serv-

to act as non-commissioned officers, of the respective regiments, ing for the re-

battalions, or companies of militia serving for their respective fPc<^ive col'rl" w 1.ir 1 t r ties as can be

counties or ridings, as may be conveniently (pared from service, fp^red, or the

and shall be detached for that purpose; and where a sufficient lieutenants

number of such officers, non-commissioned officers, or drum- ?md deputies,

mers, cannot be conveniently spared, it shall and may be lawful for the said lieutenants, and deputy lieutenants respectively, his Majesty,

with may appoint

14 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. f 1796.

officers as with the approbation of his Majesty, to appoint for that service P*0^ °^cers as IS herein-before directed; and all such officers* eers &c en-" non-commissioned officers, or privates appointed to act as nontitle d to the commffioned officers, shall be entitled to the same pay during same pay as in such service as the officers and non-commissioned officers of the militia; and no such officer to be deprived of half pay.

called out as herein mentioned.

militia are entitled to receive during the times of annual exercise, over and above any other pay, or other emoluments or allowances, to which they, or any of them, may be respectively entitled in the corps to which they may belong; and no such appointment of any officer entitled to half pay shall be construed to deprive such officer of such half pay during the time he shall serve in the said supplementary militia.

Notice of the

XXVLI. And be it further enacted, That notices of the times time and place and places of exercise of the militia men to be raised by virtue of ffialf^b^order ^is ffia^ by order of the general meetings of lieutenancy, o/the general be sent-by the clerk of the general meetings to the clerks of the meetings, be several sub-division meetings, in the respective counties, ridings, lent by thqir and places; and the said deputy lieutenants, at some sub-division clerks of the mse1anS to for trying this act into execution after the

sub-division receipt of the said notices, shall cause the men serving for such meetings, and sub-division to be called out in such order and course as shall the deputy have been notified by the clerk of the general meetings as afore-

shall^Tui'eSthe anc* ^or t^iat PurP°^e ^ue orders to the chief constables

men to be or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions respectively, with directions to forward the same to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, which constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the door of the churches or chapels belonging to their respective parishes, tythings, or places, or (if any place shall have no church or chapel belonging the reto) on the door of the church or chapel of some parish, tything, or place thereunto adjoining; and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required also to give notice, in writing, to the several militia men who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such times and places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the same at their usual places of abode, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and all such militia Men not at- men duly atten(] at the time anc| place of exercise, according to the p'end- to such notices respectively, and in default thereof, shall suffer ties of the first the same pains and penalties as by the said act of the twenty-recited act. sixth year aforesaid are in such case directed and imposed. Tendays after

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the the men are several sub-division meetings in every county, riding, or place,

enrolled, lifts within the space of ten days after the men shall be enrolled,

or them, and r n.r, n r Sr - 9

the time and cause a full and true lilt, specifying the name and date of the

place of exer- enrolment of all the persons enrolled (within each sub-division

cife, shall be reflectively) to serve in such militia, and the time and place of

th^ckrk^of^ exerc^e to transmitted to the commanding officer of the

the sub-divi- regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia raised

lion meetings by

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3, r$

by virtue of the said a eft of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, for to the com-the county or riding for which such persons have been enrolled ^fficer^of the by virtue of this act, or to such person as shall be appointed by respective re-such commanding officer to receive the same 5 and shall in like giments, and manner cause a duplicate of such lift to be transmitted to the a duplicate to adjutant of the said regiment, battalion, or independent company. adjutant.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That arms, accoutre- Regulations ments, and such cloathing, may be provided for the militia men respetfing raised by virtue of this aeft, as shall be deemed necessary by the

lord lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively, with the ap- cloathing.

probation of his Majesty, and that one sixth part of the arms and

+cloathing so provided, or so much as shall be necessary for the men called out to be trained and exercised, shall be delivered to the use of the militia during the time of their being trained and exercised by virtue of this act, and that the residue of such arms and cloathing shall be kept in such secure place as his Majesty shall direct; and all mufleets delivered for the service of the

militia shall be marked distinctly in some visible place with the

letter (M) and the name of the county, riding, or place to which they belong; and in case any militia man shall fell, pawn, or Penalty on

lose any of his arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, or neglect or pen for fellT

refuse to return the same, in good order, to his commanding joln^or^ot

officer, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every returning

such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a arms, &c.

+sum not exceeding five pounds; and if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the arms belonging The arms,

and delivered out to the militia raised by virtue of this act, when erri"

not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the bodied to be* commanding officer shall direct, with the approbation of the kept where lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, of the the command-

county, riding, or place. (h?H°dire«

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, authorised by his mentaryPmish- Majesty, and he and they is and are hereby required to quarter tia, when ca&-and billet the officers, non-commissioned officers, and private ed out to exmen, serving in the said supplementary militia, at the times he

when they shall respectively be called out to exercise, in inns, ale-houses, victualling houses, livery stables, and all houses of lodgings may persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, be provided by retail; and also to order and provide convenient lodging in for the non-such houses as aforesaid, for the serjeants, corporals, and drum- officers and* mers, of the said supplementary militia, whenever the same shall privates, when not be so called out to exercise, unless embodied and called out not embodied, to actual service.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of His Majesty actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, it shall be °?ay 0Ij^r lawful for his Majesty (the occasion being first communicated b/emVodVd,

to in cases of ac-

16 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

tual invasion, to parliament, if the parliament shall be then fitting, or declared &c. and com- \n council and notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall led^deneralt^len ^ltt: ^n§ orn being) to order and direct the lieutenants of officers, 8cc. the said several counties* ridings, and places, or on the death or removal, or in the absence from their respective counties, ridings, or places of any of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the militia within their respective counties, ridings, and places herein-before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be best adapted to the circumstances of the danger, and to put the said forces under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said forces to be led by their respective officers into any parts of this kingdom, and for the repelling and prevention of any such invasion, and such militia men so drawn out and embodied may be incorporated into the respective companies of militia then serving for the same county or riding, by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, or may be formed into a distinct regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, or into an independant company or companies, in such manner as shall have been fixed by the lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, and places, with the approbation of his Majesty and such officers, non-commissioned officers, and drummers, may be appointed to the said militia, when so.drawn out and embodied, as shall appear to be necessary, and according to circumstances, so that the number of officers, non-commissioned officers, and drummers respectively, shall not exceed the proportion allowed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid and that all officers newly appointed, shall be approved of by his Majesty in the manner directed by this act; and the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men, so appointed, whether incorporated as aforesaid, or formed into regiments, battalions, or independant companies, shall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again, by his Majesty's orders, to their respective parishes or places of abode, remain under the command of such general officers; and during such time as aforesaid, all the provisions contained in any act of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the said militia, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the said militia, in all cases whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the whole or any part of the militia directed by this act to be raised and maintained, shall, on any account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever his When the flip- Majesty shall cause the said supplementary militia, or any part militbftscalled hereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if-the par-

out, his Ma- " liament

ISTq part of the militia raised under this act, J shall be ordered out of Great Britain.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 17

liament shall then be separated by such adjournment or proroga- jesty may issue tion as will notoexpire within fourteen days, his Majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament meeting Gf within fourteen days, and the parliament shall accordingly meet parliament in and fit upon such day as shall be appointed by such proclamation, 14 days; and continue to fit and act in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty and when so shall think ht to order the said supplementary militia, or any part ordered out, thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, the lieute- to

nant of every county, riding, and place, or (on the death or issue orders to removal of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his the chief con-county, riding, or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants tables, to be to whom any such order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be [he^onft^bies directed, shall issue his or their order to the chief constables or who shall cause other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, notice to be or other divisions within their respective counties, ridings, and given to the places, with directions to forward the same immediately to the ^end to constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the several parishes, tythings, and places within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, and divisions, and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men, or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man so ordered to be drawn out and Militiamen embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity, inca- not attending, pacitating him to serve as a militia man) shall not appear and j as^de"' march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man shall ferters; and be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter, accord- persons haring to the provisions of any act which shall be then in force for bouring them punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of to orfelt^ the army and their quarters; and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man when ordered out into actual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said When called

supplementary militia of any county, riding, or place, shall be ou.t' the re- ,

j j*o' 1^' ccivct eeneral

embodied and called out into actual service, the receiver general Gf the land

of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, shall and is tixtopay hereby required forthwith to pay to the captains or commanding one guinea officers of companies of militia respectively, the sum of one guineaorhe use of for the use of every private militia man who shall be so called eaL maru out; and the said receiver general shall also pay to every caprain or other commanding officer of a company as aforesaid, the sum of one guinea for every recruit as early as may be after such recruit shall have joined his company, when out in actual service as aforesaid, (all which money so paid by the said receiver general, shall be allowed him in his account); and the money so Vol. XU. C received

Captains to account with the men for the money.

Militia when em bodied to

as the other forces, and non-com mif-lloned officers and privates to Chelsea hospital.

18 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

received by any captain or other commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain of commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective militia men; and such captain or commanding officer shall, before any militia man of his company receives his discharge, account to such militia man how the said sum of one guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the said militia man.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from the date of his Majesty's warrant for drawing the said militia out into actual the^me6na? service, the officers and private men of the said militia shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers and private men of his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non-commissioned officer or private man of the said militia, shall be maimed or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea hospital, with any non-commissioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majesty's other forces.

XXXVIII. And whereas it may happen through neglect, or otherwise, that in same county, riding, or place9 the militia may not he raised according to the directions of this all, and it is just and reason- -able that all his Majestf s subjects shall contribute equally toward the expence of raising and supporting a militia for the defence of the kingdom; be it therefore further enacted, That the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, and place, transmitted to where the militia shall be raised, according to the directions of the clerk of this act, shall, on or before the fifth day of January in the year the peace of of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmit a certl^cate to t^e clerk of the peace, containing an account of raise^ who t^le numher of private men of the militia raised by virtue of this shall deliver it act, and every such clerk of the peace shall deliver such certificate to the next to the justices of the peace at their general quarter session to be next al'ter ^le Lid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on the day on which such session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the records of such session; but where no such certificate shall be received by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his hand and seal to the justices so assembled, and such certificate of the said clerk of the peace shall be filed by him amongst the records of such session.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, and place, where no such certificate shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of such county, riding, or place, at the same general quarter sessions where such default shall be made as aforesaid, shall, unless an apportionment shall have been made according to the directions of this act, diligently proceed to apportion the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, in each town, parish, or place, and the said justices are hereby authorised and required to do nmnbei^\mi a(^s nece*Lry for that purpose, which the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants are hereby authorised to do, and the said justices

By Jan, 5, 1797, a certificate to be

to be filed; and where none shall be received, he shall certify the same to the justices.

Where no certificate shall be transmitted, the quarter sessions, unless an apportionment shall have been made, shall proceed to

adjourn th sessions' till completed.

Georgii. Ill

c. 6

until i httec

IQ

tices shall adjourn such general (eilions from time to such apportionment be completed; and foat the nnn'cr fifteen x5I to b; e paid pounds shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every private 3«rmaiiy^by militia man by this act directed to be raised within the same for eaAi man county, riding, or place, making such default, and ill a 11 be paid wanting, to the treasurer of the county by the respective overseers of the poor of the several towns, parishes, and places; and the justices Quarter fef-of the peace shall and are hereby required, at their said general quarter session, to rate and assess the sum of fifteen pounds upon resplSive every town, parish, and place within such county, tiding, or parities. Scc. place, for every man which such town, parish, or place ought to raise by virtue of this act, and the same shall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in such manner, and by such ways and means, and with such powers of di ft refs, and other remedi.es for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punishing all persons whose duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, who shall make default therein, as are directed with respect to rates made for the relief of the poor of such town, parish, or place.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons The families who shall be chosen by lot and enrolled to serve in the said sup- ?£<^ntb-To^ plementary militia, to be raised by virtue of this act, shall, when ^hen ordered ordered out-to be trained and exercised for twenty days as afore - to be trained, said, leave a family unable to support themselves, the overseer to receive a or overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place where weekly allow-the family of such militia man shall dwell, shall, by order of some overseers of^one joffice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor the poor, of such parish, tything, or place, pay to such family the following weekly allowance; that is to say, a sum not exceeding one shilling for each, and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and a sum not exceeding one shilling for the wife of such militia man, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children; and in every parish, tything, or place, where the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the purpose aforesaid), a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for that purpose.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, The powers rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, of all acts reclames, matters, and things, contained in the aforesaid act of^t^ie 7 7^7.. militia to ex*

the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, or in any other act tend to

of parliament relative to the raising, training, embodying, and act as far as calling out the militia, or providing for the families of militia applicable* men called out, or in any act to be passed in this session of parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to the militia directed to be raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner, as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act, so far as the same are applicable to the provisions of this act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express provisions of this act.

20

Continuance of act.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

[Preamble.]

Men to be levied in the proportions following.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and continue in force during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the eud thereof.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. IV.

An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several countfes in Englander the service of his Majestfs army and navy.

[Nov. 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick service, at the present conjuncture, that the moji effectual measures should be adopted', for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Majesty's army and navy: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be levied, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the several counties and places herein after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majesty in the army or navy of Great Britain, at such times, and in such manner, as is herein directed; and that the number of men to be levied for the Paid respective services, by virtue of this act<, shall be as follows; (that is to say).

For the county of Bedford, eighty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Berks, one hundred and forty, for the army.

For the county of Bucks, one hundred and fifty-two, for the army. For the county of Cambridge, one hundred and sixty-three, for the army.

For the city of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, three hundred and nineteen, for the army.

For the county of Cornwall) two hundred and fifty-two, for the navy.

For the county of Cumberland, two hundred and thirty-eight, for the navy.

For the county of Derby, two hundred and fifty-two, for the army.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, five hundred and nine, for the navy.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole^ one hundred and eighty-four, for the navy.

For the county of Durham, two hundred and twenty-four, for the navy.

For the county of Essex, three hundred and sixteen, for the navy.

For the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bris. lof tvyo hundred and sixty-one, for the navyv

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 21

For the county of Hereford, one hundred and thirty-three, for the army.

For the county of Hertford, one hundred and forty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Huntingdon, fifty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county of Kent, five hundred and seventy, for the navy. For the county of Lancaster, seven hundred and sixty-three, for the navy.

For the county of Leicester, two hundred and thirty-seven, for the army.

For the division of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln^ with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two hundred and forty-eight, for the navy; for the division of Kesteven, in the said county of Lincoln, one hundred and twenty-one, for the army; and for the division of Holland\ in the said county of Lincoln, seventy-five, for the navy.

For the city and county of the city of London, two hundred and fifty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Middlesex, inclusive of the division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the liberty of the Tower, five hundred and eighty-four, for the army.

For the county of Monmouth, seventy-five, for the army.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, three hundred and thirty-seven, for the navy.

For the county of Northampton, one hundred and seventy-eight, for the army.

For the county of Northumberland\ with the town and county of the town of NeivcafUe upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the navy.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, two hundred and, nine, for the army.

For the county of Oxford, one hundred and sixty-live, for the army.

For the county of Rutland, thirty, for the army.

For the county of Salop, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Somerset, four hundred and fifty-five, for the navy.

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, three hundred and six, for the navy.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, three hundred and seventeen, for the army.

For the county of Suffolk, three hundred and forty-one, for the navy.

For the county of Surrey, four hundred and nineteen, for the army.

For the county of Sussex, with such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county, two hundred and twenty-three, for the navy.

2.2. Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, two hundred and fifty, for the army.

For the county of Westmor eland, ninety, for the army.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Worcester, one hundred and fifty-six, for the army.

For the county of Wilts, two hundred and seven, for the army.

For the east riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hulltwo hundred and Twenty-seven, for the navy; for the west riding of the said county, seven hundred and eighty-nine, for the army; and for the north riding of the said county, with the city and county of the city of York, three hundred and eighty-five, for the navy.

For the county of Anglesea, forty-four, for the army.

For the county of Brecknock, fifty-three, for the army.

For the county of Cardigan, forty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, eighty-seven for the army.

For the county of Carnarvon, forty-.seven, for the army.

For the county of Denbigh, ninety-five, for the army.

For the county of Flint, forty-nine, for the army.

For the county of Glamorgan, ninety-nine, for the army.

for the county of Merioneth, fifty-six, for the army.

For the county of Montgomery, ninety, for the army.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwest, sixty for the army.

For the county of Radnor, thirty-four, for the army.

Hi? Majesty1 may appoint officers to regulate the ad million of men, &c.

Justices within twenty-one days after passing this act to hold a general sessions for carrying it into execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint, in the several counties of Great Britain, (except in the city and county of the city-of London), so many officers to regulate the admission of men to be levied under the authority of this aeft for his Majesty's service, as his Majesty shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient place or places of rendezvous, in ^ach such county (except the city and county of the city of London as aforesaid) for the reception of such men; and every such man so to be levied shall, before his enrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the lead, as to his ability to serve his Majesty; and every such officer shall have full power of approving, or of rejecting any man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such controul as by this act is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, acting in and for the several counties aforesaid, shall, within a time not exceeding twenty-bne days after the passing of this sftemble together at some convenient place in each county, where the general quarter sessions of the peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a court of general sessions, for the purpose of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to them by this act; and that in every case where any city, town, or borough, being a county of itself, or any cinque port or liberty

2

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

bertyiierein-before particularly mentioned, is hereby directed to be united with any county at large, in estimating the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, the justices of such city, town or borough, being a county of itseif, and of such cinque port or liberty, who shall have duly qualified themselves to act, and shall have acted before the passing of this act, as such justices respectively within the proper limits of their respective jurisdictions, and no other, shall assemble themselves together with the justices of such county at large, who shall also be qualified and shall have a6led in like manner; and the justices so assembled shall respectively have and be entitled to exercise the powers and jurisdictions of justices of the peace, in all things touching the execution of this act, as well for such city, town, or borough, being a county of itseif, and of such cinque port, or liberty, as also for such county at large, and shall be deemed and taken to be such justices respectively, without any other or further qualification; and that the said justices so assembled may, from time to time, as often as they shall find it necessary, adjourn such court of general sessions, so that such adjournment shall not be for any longer time than from day to day [Sundays excepted) until they shall have fully and effectually carried this act into execution, in respect of the powers vested in such court of general sessions by this act, except as to such adjournment as shall be made to the quarter sessions as herein after is mentioned; but that such justices so assembled shall not have any authority, power, or jurisdiction, in or over any matter or thing whatever, other than in and for the execution of the powers expressly given them by this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any direction given or Anyprovision provision made by this act, in any matter respecting any county, ^ounf^o ex^ shall be construed to extend, and shall extend to the several rid- tencj to the ings of the county of York, and to the several divisions of the ridings of county of Lincoln respectively, and the justices within the several York shire and ridings and divisions, and of any city or town directed to be ^Idncoln-S united therewith by this act, shall have power to put this act in foire. execution, in all things within their respective jurisdictions as

fully and amply as the justices of any county are hereby empowered to execute the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace of ^ith every county, where a court of general sessions is hereby direct- the afferuof ed to be held, shall, with the afient of'any two j ustices of the two justices, peace of such county, appoint the time and place of holding the to appoint the first court of general sessions/ to be held by virtue of this act, of

which notice shall be given in any newspaper usually circulated may^ in such county, five days at least before the day appointed for journed, if holding such court; and in case, at such time of appointing such sufficient juf-court, or at any subsequent time of appointing such court by adjournment, there shall not be justices of the peace attending en sufficient to hold such general sessions, any one justice of the peace, who shall there attend, shall and m3y adjourn the same to the next day, and so from day to day [Sundays excepted)

c 4.until

24 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

until such court shall be held; and in case no such justice shall attend at the time and place appointed for holding such court, then the clerk of the peace shall adjourn the time of holding such court from day to day (Sundays excepted) until such court shall be duly held.

1* And be it further enacted, That the of of his beprepared of Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall cause to be prepared the number of true lifts of the number of all the inhabited houses within the inhabited^limits of the jurisdiction of each court of general sessions, which tl^Umits*"ofn arC and pay to the duties on inhabited houses, or to the

each f'ouvt of ^ut*es on houses, windows, or lights, in such part of Great Bri- sessions, liable taln as aforesaid, by virtue of any adft or adds of parliament now

to the duties on houses, See and laid before the justices.

in force, distinguishing therein each hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or district, and also each parish, within such hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or distridd, and shall cause the same to be laid before the justices then assembled at their respective courts of general sessions, by the respective surveyors of the said duties, and Justice" to a to ^y them verified on oath, if required (which oath the said point^vhat^" j'Jft: "lces then assembled are hereby authorised to administer;,) and number of such justices respectively shall proceed to appoint what number of men shallftrve men shall serve for each such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, dred^i: hun- wapentake, or districts, and also for each parish, within such hun-cre*dred, city, or town, rape, lath, wapentake, or distridd respectively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the number of houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said duties, and so as the whole number of men appointed by this add to be raised for such county may be included, and shall issue an order, signed by the clerk of the peace of such county, to the chief constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, laths, wapentakes, or other distriefs, within such counties, requiring them to give notice to the overseers of the poor of every parish, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other distridfts, of the number of men so appointed to be levied for such parishes respectively, and of the time allowed for raising the same, and of making a return to such orders; all which particulars shall be {Specified in such orders and notices respectively; and the said justices at such court of general sessions, shall also appoint petty sessions to be held within the different distriefs of each county, wherein petty sessions have been usually held, and also within each city, borough, town, cinque port, or liberty, having magistrates of itself, for the purpose of receiving the returns of the officers of the several parishes within those distridfs respectively, and of attesting and causing to be inrolled the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, after such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose; and the said justices shall also appoint a time for holding the first: petty sessions to be holden in.each distridft under this add, at which first: petty sessions returns shall be made by the chief constables make returns, and other officers, and also by the overseers, of all matters done by them in pursuance of this add, according to the directions therein contained, and which petty sessions shall be appointed at a

day

and to order the constables to give notice the number, and the time for raising them, to the parish overseers.

General sessions to appoint petty sessions for receiving returns, and attesting and enrolling men.

At first petty sessions, constables and overseers to

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 25

day not later than twenty-one days after issuing the orders before-mentioned; and such justices, having completed such orders, General fef-shall and may then adjourn their court of general sessions to the f^'ourned^ next quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, at wJu>n orders which quarter sessions the justices of any city, town, or borough, are complete cinque port, or liberty, directed to be united therewith, may ed. also attend for the purpose of executing this act, but not otherwise.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ^don

mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the city of London, assembled genera/

at the general sessions of the peace to be held in and for the said lions, to ap-city, by virtue of this a cl, shall appoint the number of men to point the serve for each ward or parish, precinct, liberty, and place, separately supporting its own poor, within the city and county of the in proportion city of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the amount of to the amount the assessment to the duties on inhabited houses, and the duties on of the duties houses, windows, or lights, in such ward or parish, precinct, on houses, to liberty, and place respectively, instead of the number of houses therein respectively assessed and paying to the said duties, as hereinbefore directed, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for enabling the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London aforesaid to appoint or apportion the number of men hereinbefore directed, be it further enacted, That the clerk or Clerk to the cferks to the respective of for carrying into execution commission. the several acts of parliament respecting the duties on inhabited ^utfes onC houses, and the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in the city houses, &c. and county of the city of London aforesaid, shall prepare, or cause in London, to to be prepared, true lifts of the number of all inhabited houses lay before the which are assessed, and pay to the duties on inhabited houses, or to of the C* the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in the city and county*numj, er, of of the city of London aforesaid, by virtue of any a<£l or acts of houses affcir. parliament now in force, and also the amount of the a fle Aments ecb anc* t!le of the said duties respectively, distinguishing therein each ward or tlm^uSbnent parish, precindr, liberty, or place, separately supporting its own }n each ward, poor, within the city and county of the city of London aforesaid; &c.

and the said lifts shall respectively be verified on oath by the said clerk or clerks, if required (which oath the said mayor, recorder, or aldermen respectively are hereby authorised to administer) and laid before the mayor, recorder, and aldermen assembled at their respective general or quarter sessions aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That within every county (not What justices being a city, 'town, or borough, and a county of itself, nor a shall hold city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, having P^ty sessions* respectively their own magistrates or justices) the justices of the

peace usually acting in and for the distriCi: wherein such petty sessions shall be directed by the court of general sessions to be held, or such other justices as shall be specially appointed by the court of general sessions to act in such districts, which they are hereby authorised to appoint in every district where they shall see occasion, shall be the justices for holding such petty sessions, and no other; and that within any city, borough, town corporate,

Petty sessions to receive the returns of the overseers.

First petty ieiiions to fix a time for hearing appeals, & c*

Petty feifions may be adjourned.

26 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

cinque port, or liberty, or any city, borough or town, being a county ofitself, the justices or magistrates of such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, and no other, shall hold such petty sessions within such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty; and such justices respectively shall meet and hold their respective petty feifions at the time and place appointed by the general sessions, and shall receive the returns of the overseers of the poor of all such parishes, touching the execution of the orders given to them under this act; and shall, at \ their first petty sessions to be held by virtue of this act, fix a time or times for hearing the appeals of parishes, charged to raise men under this a<S, against the proceedings of regulating officers to be appointed under this act, as herein after is directed; and shall give notice at what time or times, place or places, any such N appeal may be heard and determined, and which shall not be later than twenty days after the respective times appointed for making returns by the overseers respectively; and such justices shall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals, and in all respects shall do and execute with diligence and dispatch, all matters and things entrusted to them by this add; and any one or more of such justices there attending, or in default of such attendance the high constable or other principal officer of the peace of the hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such petty sessions shall be held, shall have authority, from time to time, to adjourn the petty sessions, giving publick notice of the time and place of holding the next adjourned feifions, and to from time to time, as there shall be occasion, by causing such notice in writing to be affixed on the door of the church or chapel of the place where such section shall be held, tv/o days at least before the time of holding such sessions, where such time shall intervene, otherwise at such convenient time as shall be most expedient.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the to^et^r^two just'ces at their general sessions, to add together, whenever or more places they shall think it necessary, two or more parishes, for the raising any man or number of men, by virtue of this add, so as to make the charge within every parish as equal and impartial as possible; and that where the parishes so added together, shall lie in different hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or districts, within the same county, riding, or division, to oiredf in what hundred, rape, Jath, wapentake, or district, the same shall be considered, for the purposes of this act; and the said justices, and also the justices at their petty feifions, and all overseers of the poor of the said parishes respectively, so added together, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men, in like manner as if they had been originally charged upon one parish; and the overseers of the several parishes, so added together, shall altogether in the execution of this act as if they were respectively officers of one and the same parish; and that where there shall be any extra-parochial place, or other place wherein no rate for the relief of the poor shall have been made within the space of three years next before the passing of this act,

it

General fef-

for raising men;

and also extra-parochial or other places where no poor rates have

x79^0 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 27

it shall be lawful for such justices at such general sessions to add been made such extra-parochial or other place where no rates have been made ^or as aforesaid, for raising the quota of men by virtue of this act, to pam']'es any parish adjoining thereto; and in all such cases the overseers joining, acting together for such parishes, by virtue of this act, shall hold Overseers act-their meetings under this act in the parish which shall be named ing together, first in such order of general sessions; and if any difference disagreement shall arile between the inhabitants or officers any parish. or between the officers of different parishes touching order of fdf-the execution of this act, the justices of the peace or magistrates, lions, acting in and for the district where such difference or disagreement Petty sessions shall happen, shall, at any petty sessions, and they are hereby au- to^cUl'mi11^ thorised, at the request or upon the complaint of any inhabitant tweerVinliabU of any such parish, to hear and determine the same, and make t^nts or parish such order therein as to them shall seem meet, and such orders officers, shall be final and conclusive to all parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any direction <ftven, or Provision re-

or to meet in the r p.ihfh mimed or lirlt in the

provision made by this act, in any matter respecting any parish,

shall be construed to extend to every township or place separately tend to every

supporting its own poor, and also to every extra-parochial place place support-

added thereto, in like manner as to any parish, and as fully as if ing its own. the said directions and provisions had severally and respectively ext-a0 been expressly applied to townflrips and places separately support- parochial ing their own poor} and that where there shall be any extra- place, parochial place or other place, wherein no overseers of the poor have been or are appointed, two sufficient persons of the same c

places respectively may be presented to the justices at their re- the poor*are spective sessions to put this act in execution in each such place, appointed, who, being approved of and ^appointed to such office by the said two persons'justices, shall have all the powers and authorities of overseers of^n' h the poor in carrying this act into execution, and they are hereby C

required to perform all the duties required in and by this act of sessions; overseers of the poor of any parish in all matters required by this and where aft; and that where no such persons shall be appointed, the jul- none are io tices, at such sessions, shall direct the overseers of any adjoining appointed, the parish, to which such extra-parochial or other place shall have been added by the justices at their general sessions for the county, overseers of an to act as overseers for such extra-parochial or other place, in the adjoining pa-execution of this act, and such overseers shall act therein accord* nlb to act. ingly: provided always, That if any rate or rates shall be to be Rates for any made for any parish or parishes, and any such extra-parochial or panlh and other place, jointly, such rate or rates shall be distinctly made for the purposes of this act, and for no other purpose whatever. p flee ^jointly,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where l0 be made ror any such parishes or places shall be added together as aforesaid, the purposes and any fine or fines shall be adjudged to be levied for default of °* Ullii a<^ raising the proper proportion of men, or any sum or sums of mo- 0 Y", ney agreed to be given as a bounty or bounties to any man or men Fmcsfoide- raised in pursuance of this act, shall be directed to be levied, such ^cuand*'^fine or fines, and bounty or bounties respectively, shall be divided bounties, to and apportioned, as near as may be, between such parishes and be proportion,

places cd between

parishes and places added together, to the number of inhabited housesafitfled accordingly.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

places respectively, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houses assessed to and paying the said duties in each parish or place shall bear to each other; and the respective justices are hereby authorised and required to divide and apportion the same

in each,

The charge for raising men in a parish lying in two counties,

church Rands, See.

What counties Crake, part of Maker, Wokingham, Filey, Threap-wood, and Stamford

of, for the purposes of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any parish shall lie in two or more counties, the charge implied upon such parish, for raising men for his Majesty's service, by this act, shall be in the county where the church belonging to such parish is situated, and that such parish shall, for the purposes of this

shall be in that act, be deemed part of the county; and the bounty or bounties^lerein tie tQ }eyiecj (or in case any fine or ftnes shall be levied of such

parish for default in not raising men for the purposes of this act, then also such fine or fines respectively) shall be paid to the treasurer of such county.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, for the several purposes of this act, the constablery of Craike, which is a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by part of the north riding of the county of York, shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the said north riding; and that part of the parish of

Baron° shall be ^a^er-> which lies in the county of Cornwall., shall be deemed to deemed part be fixate within, and part of, the county of Cornwall; and that the town and parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the county of Berks', and that the township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the east riding of the county of York-, and that Threapwood. shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the parish of Worthenbury, in the county of Flint; and that the parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the suburbs of the borough and town of Stanford, on the south side of the waters called Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within part of the county of Lincoln; and that the several towns and places herein-before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and part of, the several counties aforesaid, for the purposes of this act, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and authority of the justices of the peace and other officers of the respective counties, within which, such towns and places are hereby deemed to be situate; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the poor of every parish to whom notice of such orders as aforesaid

tarns together shall be given, shall, immediately after the receiving such notice, to con fid er of call together the principal inhabitants of such parish to a vestry the molteffec- or other meeting, to take into consideration the most speedy and effectual means of raising the number of men appointed to be raised by them in pursuance of this act, of which meeting two days public!: notice shall be given in writing, by affixing the same on the church or chapel door of every such parish, or where there is no church or chapel, then on the church or chapel door nearest thereto, specifying the cause of calling such and, with their vestry or meeting; and it shall be lawful for the said overseers consent, to respectively, with the consent of the inhabitants of such vestry

or

Overseers to Call the principal inhabi

tual means of raising men;

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 29

or meeting so assembled, to agree with any person or persons, subject to such approbation or rejection as herein is mentioned, JncTmake; 9* to enter as a volunteer or volunteers to serve his Majesty either rates for in the army or in the navy of Great Britain; and if any such bounties, overseers shall, pursuant to such consent, agree to give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sums of money, as a bounty or bounties for his or their engaging in either of such services, it shall be lawful for such overseers to make a rate upon the inha-, bitants of every such parish, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor; and where two or more parishes shall be added together by virtue of this act, such rate shall be made generally for all such parishes so added together, and shall be divided and apportioned between them, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houses assessed to and paying the said duties in each such parish shall bear to each other respectively; which rates being published and approved of as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and approved of, it shall be lawful for such overseers to collect and overseers raay reimburse themselves all such sum or sums of money as they shall have paid for such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and money the overplus (if any) shall be applied, in like proportions as to volunteers, aforesaid, as part of the poor's rate; and all the like remedies, powers, rules, and methods, used, given, and applied, for af- Power for col-

certainin?, levying, and collecting the rates for the relief of Poor o' j o7 g?^rdtcs to ex-

the poor (except where other provisions are made by this act), tend to this shall be used, applied, and put in force, for ascertaining, levying, ad. and collecting the rates to be made by virtue of this act, in all and every the parishes charged with raising men for such service as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the same remedies, powers, rules, and methods were particularly set forth in this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the overseers who are Overseers may respectively required or empowered by this act to levy any pay bounties money by a rate, or to pay the amount of any bounty, or any part thereof, to the men enrolled in his Majesty's service, or to or may make the treasurer of the county, for the purposes of this act. Hial and a rate to satis-may pay the same out of any money in their or any of their fy them, hands, of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such money for that purpose, then such overseers shall, and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor sufficient to satisfy all probable claims arising or to arise thereon, by virtue of this act, in respect of the said bounties, as soon after the passing of this act as conveniently may be, and so as the full money for such bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the time of enrolment; and it shall be lawfuj for the said overseers to levy and collect the same in such manner as rates made' for the relief of the poor may be levied and colieded (except as herein is otherwise provided); and that such rates, being published and allowed as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and allowed, the said overseers shall and may proceed to

3° Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

collect the same notwithstanding any appeal from such rate may

Hitesnotto be be pendi quashtd, but maybe amended.

Limitation of actions.

and no such rate, after any application thereof, or any part thereof, for the payment of such bounties shall be totally quashed or set aside for any cause whatever, but the same shall and may be amended in such manner as shall be necessary for giving relief: and if any action or suit shall be brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in the levying or collecting the said rate in pursuance of this act, the same shall not be brought until fourteen days notice thereof, in writing, dial have been given to such person or persons, nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fad committed; and every such action shall be brought in one of the courts of record at Westminster, or of the great sessions in Wales^ as the case may require, and shall be laid in the county where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants General issue. in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for the bringing the same, or without fourteen days notice thereof, or in any other county or place, or after sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble costs, shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coffs of suit in any other cases by law.

IF rates can-

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

not be collect- jt £}laq anpear to such iuffices at such petty sessions, that such ed in tune for f r. J, n o. j i j r

rate cannot be conveniently collected within due time ror payment of the said bounty or bounties, and sufficient monies shall not be in the hands of the said overseers to satisfy the same, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to make order therein, and grant a certificate thereof, and of the amount of the bounty

payment of bounties, the petty sessions may grant a certificate of the films _*

wanting to the or bounties, and sum orfums wanting to defray the same, directed to the receiver general of the land tax for the county, or to the collector thereof for the diffrid, or any of the collectors of customs or excise of the division where such juff ices shall act, as to such justices shall seem most expedient; upon producing of which certificate to the officer to whom the same shall be directed, he shall be obliged to advance the sum mentioned in such certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the person or persons enrolled, or to the treasurer of the county, or ro either of them, in such proportions as shall be directed by such certificate, out of any publick monies in his hands; and such officer so advancing the same, shall be reimbufed by an order of the justices at the petty

sessions

receiver general of the land tax, &c. who shall advance the money.

Sums so advanced to be reins bursed,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 31

sessions for the same didricd or divlfion, with all charges necefia- with charges, rily incurred, out of the first monies which shall come into the hands of the respective overseers of the poor of the rates for the to the

relief of the poor, within and for the respective parities or places hands of the for which the men, to whom or to whose use such monies were overseers. respectively advanced, were raised in pursuance of this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

shall be lawful for the justices of the peace before whom any of bounties to person shall be brought to be examined, touching his consent to be advanced enter into either of the said services, to direct any dim, not on enrolment exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid to him

on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such person, or to mainder to be such of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall requed paid to the at the time of his enrolment; and that the residue of such county trea-bounty shall be paid into the hands of the said treasurer or ^urer# treasurers of the county, there to remain until the same shall become payable according to the directions of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who^j^J^0 shall agree to enter himself as a volunteer in either of such fer- before the*" vices as aforesaid, shall be produced before the officer or officers neareftregu-appointed to regulate the same, at the neared place of rendezvous lating officer, to any parish for Which such volunteer shall agree to serve; and ^bat^n3be-in case such officer or officers shall, on examination, approve of ^ore twojuf-such volunteer or volunteers to serve his Majesty, then such tices, who shall volunteer or volunteers may forthwith be brought before two or certify their morejudices of the peace ailing in and for the county where

any such parish shall be situate; and in case it shall appear to certain parti-

such justices of the peace, that such person or persons hath or eulars.

+have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in either of such services, then such justices shall, and they are required, forthwith to certify under their hands that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty's army or navy, as the case may be, setting forth therein the place or places of the birth or lawful settlement, age or ages, calling or callings, of him or them respectively, if

the fame" dial 1 be known; and shall also, at the foot of every

+such certificate, enter the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such service; and the sums (if any) which shall be directed to be advanced to him or them at the time of his

or their enrolment, and also the sums to be paid to the treasurer Certificates to

of the county according to the directions of this act; and which be delivered

certificates, being cut indentwise from duplicates of the same, to the reg-u-

shall be delivered to the proper regulating officer or officers,

and the regulating officer or officers shall thereupon cause cause the men

such person or persons respectively to be enrolled in his to be enrolled.

Majesty's service of the army or navy accordingly; and the Justices, on

said judices before whom such volunteer shall be examined, examination

shall at the same time and place make an order under their hands order the*8*

and seals, requiring the overseers of the poor of the parish or overseers to

parishes where such volunteer has been raised, to pay into the pay to the

hands of the treasurer of the county, within the fp^ce of four- county trea-

Regulating'

peal, to write his renfons for such rejection.

32 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

bounties re- teen days after the date of such order, the full bounty money mainingdue. then remaining due.

If the regu-

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the regulating

lating officer officer or officers at the nearest place of rendezvous aforesaid,

Tvjed a vo- rejedf any perl'on or persons produced before him or them

lunteer, the

over leers mav as h-ich volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, as unfit to serve his

appec.l to the* Majesty ill either of the said services, and the overseers of any petty sessions. parish for which such person or persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by such determination of such officer or officers, it shall and may be lawful for such overseers, on giving immediate notice to such regulating officer or officers of their intention to appeal to the justices of the district wherein such parish shall be situate, assembled at the next petty sessions to be holden by virtue of this act; and such officer, before regulating officer or officers, on receiving such notice, shall, and earing ap- jle anc| t^ey js and are hereby required, before the time of hearing such appeal, to set down his or their reasons, in writing, for such rejection, which reasons, being produced before such justices at such pretty sessions, it shall be lawful for such justices, on due consideration thereof, and on due examination of the person or persons so rejected, to give order therein, as in their discretion Order of petty £ha]| seem expedient, which orders shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case such justices shall fee cause to rescind the determination of such regulating officer or officers, and shall cause to be delivered to such regulating officer or officers, such certificate as is herein-before directed, then such regulating refcinderi, and officer or officers shall forthwith cause such person or persons so be^efv-r-d ra^'e<^ an^ approved of, to be enrolled in his Majesty's-Service as to him he a volunteer or volunteers: and the said officer or officers shall 111 all cause the cause an entry to be made, in same book to be kept by him or volunteer to them, of the names of volunteers or persons enrolled by virtue be enrolled. t)^s acq9 ancj of tj-, e parishes of their last abode or lawful settle-

terth^ nmn^ ment'^can known, an^ of their ages and descriptions, &r. of persons an<^ sums Pa^ on their account, and to whom the same shall be enrolled in a paid, and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries to book, and be fransmitted to the secretary at war, or secretary of the admiralty

*icates"1o^the-or^l*me as t^e caie, T!ay require, and which shall be

secretary at mac^e the form herein after mentioned; and the parish or war, or fe- parishes (or which such volunteer or volunteers shall be so enrol-cretary of the led to serve admiralty.

sessions to be final.

If the determination of the officer be

Parishes for which volunteers are enrolled, to be

shall be discharged in respect to such volunteer or volunteers (o enrolled, unless such volunteer orwolunteers shall afterwards, and before he or they shall be admitted into forne regiment, or entered in one of his Majesty's ships or veiTeis of war respectively, appear to be within any of the disqualifications discharged in in this act expressly mentioned, and final! be, by reason of such respect of disqualification, discharged from such Service, or otherwise taken the^appearS cut ^ame' ^en an^ every such case the parish or parishes disqualified shall be liable to provide other fit and able men in lieu of those before admift who shall so appear to be disqualified, to be raised in the manner fion into a re- directed by this act, and the bounty agreed to be given and re-jument or in maining unpaid, may be applied for that purpose.

a ship of war.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 33

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently Overseers to may be after any person or persons shall be enrolled as such ^j^teerl Volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, for any place or places, the enrolledto the overseers of the poor of or adding for such place or places, shall petty sessions. make a return thereof to the justices of the districts, at their petty sessions to be holden next after such enrolment, specifying the name, the place of the birth or lawful settlement, the age, and the calling, of every such person, if the same can be known, together with the amount of the sum or sums of money agreed to be paid by way of bounty to every such volunteer, and what sums shall have been advanced to such volunteer or volunteers of the said bounty, which shall be verified on oath (if required) and which oath such justices are hereby authorised to administer; Th? justices and every such return so made, the said justices shall cause to be turn^to bede-delivered to the clerk of the peace of the county, to be enrolled Livered to the at the sections there, at the next general or quarter sessions to be clerk of the holden for such county; and in case returns of the whole num- peace, to be ber of men appointed to be raised by and for any place or places shall not be made to the justices of the districh at such petty fefTlo^ia^sessions, within the space of three weeks next after the service if returns of of notice of the order of general sessions for raising such number the whole of men, it shall and maybe lawful for the justices of such petty number to be sessions to furnmon before them the overseers of the poor of or ra*fed for acting for such place or places making such default; and in case ft^fnotbe it shall not be made to appear by such overseers, to the satisfac- made, in li-tion of such justices, that such default hath not happened by mited time, reason of any wilful ne'gleft of, or disobedience to, the said order of sessions, and that the same hath been unavoidable, it n^mmon^the shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required, overseers, and to fine the said overseers in a sum wh-: ch shall be ten pounds over hne them for and above the amount of such sum as shall appear (as far as the negie<* f same can be ascertained)-to have been given on an average as a bounty to men enrolled by virtue of this act within the said dif-tridf; or in case no men shall be raised within the said district, then in the nearest distridf for which men ill all then have been raised, for each man appointed to be raised by or for such placeor places, and whereof such default shall have been made as, aforesaid; and If fines be not in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for the said justices to levy the same by warrant under their hands i^ed^on th-" and seals, by cf i ft refs and sale of the goods and ..chattels of such overseers overseers, returning the overplus, (if any) to the owner or goods, or owners thereof, in case such justices shall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made by the said overseers; or to cause the m^ibitant^ same to be raised by a like rare as aforesaid upon any inhabitant making dear inhabitants of such placeor places, in case fuel) inhabitant fault, or inhabitants shall be adjudged to have wilfully made such default, such inhabitant or inhabitants being previously summoned by such justices to shew cause why such rate should not be made; but in case such justices shall in their judgement If justices deem such default unavoidable, and such overseers shall require deem the de* further time for raising the number of men appointed to be

D

fault unavoid-railedWe> they raay

34

allow birtV-r time for raising the men:

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

raised by them for his Majesty's service, it shall be lawful for such justices, by their order under their hands, to allow such further time as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the space of fourteen days from the date of such order; and every such order shall be peremptorily complied with, under pain of forfeiting such sum of money as is before-mentioned for each man of whom default shall be so made, to be levied as herein-before is directed, in case the justices shall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made, but if the said justices shall adjudge the default to be unavoidable, then the said fine shall be raised in like manner as any bounty or bounties to be paid to volunteers is by this act: directed to be raised, and shall be paid to the treasurer of the county for the purposes of this act. ce^d in hear°"

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ing appeals of every case where justices shall allow further time for raising the those parishes. number of men appointed to be raised for his Majesty's service, such justices shall proceed, as herein-before directed, in hearing and determining the appeals of such parishes to which such further time shall be allowed*

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all fines which by this act may be levied of any inhabitant or inhabitants of any parish or place, shall be levied against such inhabitant or inhabitants only who shall be adjudged to be guilty of any neglect or default, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such inhabitant or inhabitants respectively, under the like powers and methods as any other money may be levied by distress and sale by this act: provided always, That in case any person or persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any rate or afiessment made for the relief of the poor, whereof any part shall be necessarily applicable, or shall have been applied, for the purposes of this act, every such person or persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their ap-

sections of the peal to the justices of the district where such place or places are 'situate, at the ne*t petty sections of the peace holden for the same district or division, and not to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county; and the justices of the peace assembled at such petty sections are hereby authorised and required, on proof of reasonable notice to the overseers making such rate, to receive such appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same: provided always, That this act shall not extend to any appeal to any rate, where the same is not applicable, or has not been applied, in part or wholly, to the purposes of this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and sums of money agreed to be given as a bounty or bounties, of paid thereout to any man or men raised in pursuance of this act, (except such sums as shall have been directed by the justices of the peace to be advanced to any man at the time of his enrolment in his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act), and also all fines levied upon the overseers or inhabitants by distress and sale as aforesaid, or by rate, fordefault in not raising the number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be forthwith paid into

Fine* 1 o be levied only against the inhabitants ing default.

Persons aggrieved by any rate applicable to the purposes of this pft, shall appeal to the next petty

district, where it shall be finally determined;

Bounty money and fines to be paid to ts.e county treasurer. to be placed to certain accounts.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 35

into the hands of the treasurer of the county, for the uses and purposes of this and such respective treasurers shall place the amount

of the fines to the account of the respective parishes paying the same, and the amount of the sums paid of the bounties, to the

account of the volunteer or volunteers for whose use the same was collected; and that in all cases where such default as afore -

In case of de*

said shall be made, it shall be lawful for any person or persons,

having authority under his Majesty to provide men for the service authorised by

of the navy, to produce any persons as substitutes, or for any such his Majesty

persons voluntarily to come before any two or more justices of may produce

the peace of the district where the parishes making such default fahstitutes, or

t^. vn mnrpprs

shall be situate, and be examined before such justices as to their m 0^cr

consent to serve in his Majesty's army or navy, as substitutes for themselves as

such parishes respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby such, to two

authorised and required to settle the bounty or bounties to ^hal^settle*10

paid for such substitutes respectively; and such justices shall, in the bounties

case any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating and certify the

officer or officers as aforesaid, certify such consent and appro- consent and

bation, together with the names, places of birth, or lawful

settlement, ages and callings, of such persons respectively, and tutes#

the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed with respect to volunteers; and such justices who are Justices to

hereby respectively required to grant certificates on the enrolment transmit C J r r 1 1 r.a- Comes 0*" cer-

of any person or persons as a volunteer or volunteers, or labih- tiri ^tes to the

tute or substitutes, by virtue of this a£J, shall transmit a duplicate clerk of the

of every such certificate, under their han Is, to the clerk of the peace, to he

peace for the county, to be enrolled at the sessions there, at the u-frtcr

next general or quarter sessions to be held for such county, and cr

thereupon such regulating officer shall cause such

respectively enrolled as such substitutes as afore

parishes respectively for which such substitutes shall be raised, cause substi-shall be discharged in like manner as aforesaid, unless such substitutes to be tutes shall appear io be disqualified, and by reason thereof be taken ^hich^hall out of his Majesty's service in the manner before mentioned; and discharge the the said justices shall thereupon make an order upon such treasurer parishes, un-as aforesaid, to transfer, in his account, unto the use of such m.en

persons reflectively so enrolled as substitutes, such sums of money, aforesaid'^ not exceeding the amount of the fines levied for such default ju^joes tQ as aforesaid, as shall have been agreed to be paid as bounties to £r(jer^such persons respectively; and the said justices shall and may, at treasurer to anytime after such substitutes shall be reflectively entered into transfer boun-any regiment, or on board any ship of war, also order such further Q^VuhftiUtes6 sum of money out of the residue of such fines (if any) to be paid an(| fh^IIorder to any person or persons duly authorised to provide men for the rewards to army or navy, who shall appear to fuen juPcice to have used dili- the persons gence in providing any such substitutes, as a reward for the P^, nS labour, or in payment of lawful charges to be incurred by bringing such substitute to be enrolled; and the residue (if any) that Residue of shall remain of such fines after payment of such sums as aforesaid,

or for want of sufficient substitutes being provided, shall be in the.[jje quarter disposal of the justices at the general quarter sessions of the peace, fdfions in

d and providing

: h persons to be Regulating re said, and such officer so

36 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

men for the and shall be by them applied in providing men for the augmen-army or tation of his Majesty's army or navy* in such manner as in their and if any re- discretion {had teem expedient, at any time before the time of main at Easter holding the Rafter quarter sessions, one thousand seven hundred sessions and ninety-seven; and the said justices shall, in case any part

1797, an ac- thereof shall remain at the Easter sessions in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cause to be transmitted an account thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such certificate so granted, signed by such regulating officer or officers, shall, in all cases where any such person enrolled by virtue of this act shall be placed under the commandofanyother officer or officers, either of the army or navy, be transmitted along with such person so enrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, or of the ship or vefTei in which such persons shall be entered to serve; and such commanding officer shall, within four days from the time of such person being admitted into any regiment, and before such volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the county for which he shall serve, or from the time of such person's joining such regiment, which shall first happen, or from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board any ship, and before such ship or vessel of war shall proceed to sea, as the case may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the certificate granted in that behalf, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such person on account of arrears of pay as a private in such regimerlt, if such person shall enter into the army, or on account of wages as a seaman on board such ship or vessel, if such person shall enter into If the person the navy; and if he shall have entered himself to serve in his shall have en- Majesty's army, then the pay ticket so made out, shall be defi-arm^the^vered to the treasurer of the county to whom the same is herein-tickettobe before directed to be paid, by the officer or officers making out delivered to the same, with a certificate endorsed thereon, and signed by the the county^fa id officer, acknowledging the receipt of such volunteer, and

count to be transmitted to the treasury.

Certificates of regulating officers to be transmitted.with the persons enrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiments or vessels in which entered.

Commanding officers, within a limited time, to make out tickets for payment of bounty money due.

a"cody tran{-*IS ^mission into his Majesty's army, together with the regiment into which such volunteer shall have been admitted, and that a copy of every such pay ticket shall be transmitted to the paymaster general of his Majesty's army, within one month after the date thereof; and the treasurer of the county to whom such pay ticket shall be presented, with such certificate endorsed thereon, as aforesaid, shall forthwith pay the same to the person or persons presenting fen ting them, such ticket, and the same shall be paid over to the respective to be paid over to the volunteers.

Penalty for default in payment.

a copy tranl mitted to the pay matter general. County trea-furer to pay tickets to the persons pre

volunteers entitled thereto without delay; and in default thereof, the officer or officers who shall have received the same, shall be liable to the pains and penalties infiifted by an act passed in the last femon of parliament, or which may be inflicted by any act to be parted in this ieftion of parliament, for punishing mutiny and dc-iertion* and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, again# officers for wilfully withholding the pay of their

soldiers;

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 37

soldiers; and in case such volunteer shall be entered to serve in Residue of his Majesty's navy, then the residue of such bounty money or pa'rt yo^ers thereof, may be paid to such person, or his wife, father, mother, entered in the child, or children, in such proportions as he shall request, in the navy, may be manner directed by an act, made in the thirty-first year of his late paid agreeably majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encou- to 31 *ragementoffeamen employed in the royal navy, and for eJiabUshing'I0> a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to re?nit the same for the support of their wives and families, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, or by any other ad relating to the payment of such wages: provided always, That if If the bounty the whole or any part of such bounty money so remaining ^ues maSdue shall, at the request of such volunteer, be to be paid to himself, the shall be paid commanding officer of the ship in which such person is appointed to the volun-to serve shall apply to the of of the nay, or to the teer, the com. resident commissioner at the port where the ship may then be, for payment of the same, producing the ticket of enrolment (on fldp ftian ap. which ticket of enrolment the commanding officer of the ship ply to the shall, and he is hereby required to indorse the sum, to be received of by such volunteer, which indorsement, being signed by such or the com* volunteer and atteffed by such commanding officer, shall be a missioners at sufficient authority and discharge to any officer of the navy the port for making payment of the same, under the direction of the said com- payment; and missioners of the navy; and that where such person shall desire ^oiidVo6 any portion of the said bounty money then remaining due, to be his family, it paid to his family as aforesaid, the same shall be remitted in the shall be remanner directed by the said act of the thirty-iirft year of the reign knitted agree* of his said late Majesty, (subject nevertheless to such alteration as*the case may require), and shall be made payable by the treasurer c. IO, P*iy-of the county in and for which the said volunteer hath been raised able by the to serve; and that all the rules, forms, directions, and methods, county trea-used for the payment of wages due to seamen, or payable to their lurer* families, in pursuance of the said act of the thirty-first: year afore- All the rulec said, or by any such other act of parliament, (except as aforesaid), qT seamen^ shall be used in like manner, for the payment of such bounty wages to money to the families of all and every the men who shall be en- extend to tered into his Majesty's service, in pursuance of this act, and in this act. as full and ample a manner as if the said acts, and every clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this act to such cases,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Quarter or the justices of the peace, assembled either at the general or quarter PettT session; ieffipns, of for the justices at their petty sessions, within their re- tSe^attejict-0 spective jurisdictions, or any two or more of them respectively, ance of con- from time to time to issue their order or warrant, under their tables and bands and Teals, requiring the attendance of the high constable, overseer$. constable, tythingman, headborough, oroverseers of the poor of, or acting for, any parish or parishes, at such time and place as in peTHity on such order or warrant shall be expressied; and if any such officer such officers shall refuse or neglecto appear according to such order or warant, for neglect uf

D 2 or duty.

3^ Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

or shall refqjfe or neglect to make such return of all such matters and things directed to be done by them respectively in pursuance of this act, as shall be required of them by the said justices reflectively, or to comply with such orders and directions as he or they respectively shall from time to time receive from the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively in pursuance of this act, or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his or their duty, the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required, at their discretion; to fine such person or persons in any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; and in case of any fraud, wilful partiality, or gross neglect as aforesaid, over and above such penalty, to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one calendar month.

XXVII. And whereas the powers of this act may not be fully cxe- cuted, before the usual time in the year of the overseers of the poor going out of office \ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, acting in and for the respective dif-trids or divisions, at their respective petty sessions (whenever they office till they shall see occasion, by reason of any of the powers of this act re-

Petty sessions may order overseers to continue in

completely execute this act;

maining unexecuted, in part or in the whole, at any time previous to, or on the appointment of olher overseers for the same place or places) by any order under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, to order and direct the overseers, who shall have been in office at the commencement of this act, to continue in their said respective offices, for the purposes of effectually and completely carrying into execution the powers and trusts given or veiled by this act; and such overseers shall, by virtue of the said order, (notwithstanding other overseers shall have been or may be appointed for the same place or places respectively for general purposes) continue to have and exercise all the powers and jurisdictions incident or belonging to their respective offices, or given or vested in them by this act, so far as the same are necessary to carry into execution the powers of this act, and shall continue to do and perform all the like duties and offices required to be done or performed by them respectively by this act, as fully and effectually, and under the like. pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as they respectively could, might, or ought to have, do, or perform the same, or any of them, at any time after the commencement of this act, and before such appointment of other but if r*u such overseers for the same place or places, for general purposes as afore-order be said, any law, usage Or custom to the contrary notwithstanding:

made, the provided always, That if no such order shall be made, the overseers

overseeis »or for. t^e time being fhalLexecute all matters and things necessary to be done for completely carrying into execution the powers of this act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any overseer shall die or remove from the place for which he was appointed, or become insolvent before the expiration of his 6 office

the time being shall execute it. Justices may appoint overseers in the Head of such

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 39

office or duty under this act on oath thereof made, it shall be as may die, lawful for such justices of the peace as aforesaid, to aPPolnt cornednVol-^" another overseer in his stead, for the purpose of completely car- vent £0 com. rying this act into execution, who shall continue in office ac- plctr the pur-cordingly; and in case of removal, such overseer shall give an P°fes of this account, on oath to the said justices, of all matters and things a<"*done by him in execution of this act, and shall comply with such to^Ve orders and directions as he shall receive from the said justices ^account'"6 touching the execution of this act, under the like penalties as are in- on oath to the Aided on overseers in office for any negledof duty; and in case of justices; and the death or insolvency of such overseer, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall, within forty days after his decease or infol- fuc'h as die*or vency, in pursuance of an order in writing signed by any two such become infol-justices as aforesaid, attend such justices, and give an account to the vent, to at-best of their knowledge and belief, of all things done by such person ^ftfces^nd deceased or infol vent, touching the execution of this act, and J0Dey the-r shall in like manner, and under the like penalties, comply with orders, such orders as they shall respectively receive from the said justices in relation to this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the

peace of the several counties, cities, towns, boroughs, and places the county before mentioned, shall, at their respective quarter sessions, held treasurer to within their respective counties and places, next after the day of deliver an ac-Eofler in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

issue their orders under the hands of any two of them, directed andtopay^th

to the treasurer or treasurers of the county, requiring the said balance to the

treasureror treasurers to deliver in an account in writing, signed by receiver ge-

himself or themselves, of all sums of money by him or them re- nenlU

ceived by virtue of this act, and on what account, under the heads

+and according to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed; and if it shall appear, by any such account, that any sum or sums of money received by him or them for or on account of any bounty or bounties, agreed to be given to men on their, entering into his Majesty's service, or for or on account of fines levied for default in not raising the proper number of men, remain unaccounted for by such treasurer or treasurers, according to the directions of this act, it shall be lawful for the said justices, or any two of them by their warrant under their hands and seals, to order and direct such treasurer or treasurers, within fourteen days after the date of such warrant, to pay into the hands of the receiver general of the county, or his deputy, the balance due from such treasurer or treasurers as aforesaid, which receiver general, or his deputy, shall give acquittances for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the

peace to whom such accounts shall be delivered, shall issue their appear

orders or warrants, under the hands and seals of any two of them, not to have

to the acting overseers of the poor of any parish or parish.es within ^ecn paid to

their respective divisions, for which any man or men shall have ^'a^n^rcer

been appointed to be raised in pursuance of this act, and for overfetrs^to

which any sum or sums of money agreed to be given as a bounty pay the arrears

or bounties to such man or men, or directed to be levied as a fine out of money

c j or in their hands,

40

or to make a rate for the same.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

or fines for default in not raising the proper number of men, shall appear not to have been fully paid into the hands of the tresurer or treasurers of the county, by which orders or warrants the said justices shall require the said overseers of the poor for the time being in case such sum or sums of money shall not appear to them to have been actually afieffed and raised upon the parish, by the persons holding the office of overseers of the po'or at the time of the men's enrolment, or if the same shall appear to have been so actually afieffed and raised, and to have been since _ applied to the use of such parish or parishes, in any other manner than is directed by this act, then and in such case to pay the sum and sums in arrear into the hands of the said treafii er or treasurers, out of any monies in their or any of their hands, of the monies raised for the relief of the poor in such parish or parishes, or if they shall not have money sufficient for that purpose in their hands, then to make a rate for the same, in like manner as rates are usually made for the relief of the poor.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such orders or warrants of justices as last aforesaid, shall be directed to any oveifeer or overseers who shall not have been in office at the time of the men's enrolment in pursuance of this act* and it shall appear to the said overseers of the poor, to whom any such order or warrant shall be directed, that the persons holding the office of overseers of the poor at the time of the men's enrolment, actually caused all and every the sum or sums of money agreed to be given a^s a bounty or bounties, or directed to be paid as a fine or fines, for default in not raising the number of men appointed.to be raised, to be afieffed and levied as by this act is directed, and that the same, or any part thereof, yet remains in the hands of the said then overseers of the poor, it shall be lawful for such overseers of the poor, to whom such orders or warrants shall be directed, and they are hereby required to return such default, with the sums in arrear, and the names of the defaulters, by endorsing the same on the back of such order or warrant, to the justices granting the same, or to such other justices as shall attend at any-meeting at which such return shall be made, and such justices may examine- on oath into the matters contained in such return* and, if they fee cause, may issue their order or warrant, directed to the person or persons making such default, requiring them to pay to the treasurer or treasurers of the county the sum and sums in arrear, at a time to be limited in such order or warrant, not later than fourteen days after the date thereof; provided also, That dt ?^the person or persons, by whom the sum or sums of money, so rets the acting returned to be in arrear, shall have been afieffed or raised, and ovtrfec-rs to not applied as aforesaid, shall be dead, or shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, or shall not be then resident within the jurisdictions of such justices, it shall and may be lawful for any two of them, by like order or warrant as aforesaid, to direct the then af'ting overseers of the poor to raise and.pay the sum or sums in arrear to the treasurer or treasurers of the county, in like manner

Overseers to return defaulters in that office who have levied rates and not paid the money to the county treasurer, and justices may issue their warrant for payment of the same;

and if the

raise and pay the arrear.

tq

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 41

ner as they are hereby authorised to direct payment where the same shall not have been actually assessed or Taised as aforesaid, for the purposes of this adh

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or treasurers of the county shall pay over, within fourteen days af- money ter he shall receive the same, all sum and sums of money received received after by him or them at any time after the said Easter sessions in the the Easter fef year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on account of men raised for his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, or general? anc| on account of fines directed to be levied for default in not raising on demand of the number of men appointed to be raised as aforesaid, to the a justice tode-receiver general of the county, or his deputy, in like manner as o/all they are hereby dfredled to pav any sum of money then remain- money re, ing in their hands; and shall also, on demand made by any juf- ceived after tice of the peace of the county, from time to time deliver an that period, account, signed as aforesaid, of all monies which they shall

receive at any time after the said Easter sessions in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, applicable to the uses and purposes herein mentioned, in like manner as they are hereby directed to deliver in accounts of the monies then remaining in their hands.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any treasurer of any county shall refuse or neglect to deliver in any such account {|veMn ac-to the justices of the peace as aforesaid, or to pay to the receiver counts or pay-general of such county all such sum and sums of money as he shall balances, or receive an account of men raised for his Majesty's service, or on neg"

account of fines diredfted to be levied for default in not raising the money ^rect-number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of this act, edbythejuf-within the respective times herein-before limited, or if any per- tices, or to son holding the office of overseer of the poor at the time of the men's enrolment, or any succeeding overseer, shall refuse or falmYt may-neglect within the time limited by any order or warrant of two be levied by or more such justices of the peace, to pay the sum required to be di ll: re Is on the paid by the order or warrant of such justices to the treasurer or goods of the treasurers of the county, or shall refuse or negleds, in cases where de au ei* the same shall be necessary, to make a rate for raising the sum required to be so paid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more such justices to levy the same, by warrant under their hands and seals, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so making default, and to direct the money so raised to be" paid into the hands of the receiver general of such county, or his deputy, taking a receipt for the same, and the overplus (if any) after satisfying all charges and expences attending the same, to be paid to the person or persons against whom such warrant shall be made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the Justices to peace of the feveraf counties, to whom any accounts shall have tr-anftnife been delivered by the treasurer or treasurers of such counties fair's ac- respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the counts to the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and, treasury, and shall also at the same time return what they the return what'"

J said they have

done.

Treasury mny demand from receivers general accounts of money re*ceived, and direct the same to be paid to the paymaster general, or the treasurer of the navy, to be applied to certain purposes.

Clerks of the peace, within 14 days after the quarter sessions after Easter 1797, to transmit to the secretary at war and admiralty, copies of return!?, and certificates of men raised to serve in the army and navy respectively, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, [1796.

faitl jdllices shall respectively have done thereupon'in the exe-

cution of this act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, to demand from the receiver or receivers general of any county, an account of such sum and sums of money, as he or they shall receive in pursuance of this act, and to direct the same to be paid into the hands of the paymasters general of the army, or the treasurer of the navy, in such proportions as to them shall fee in necessary, for the purpose of reimbursing the said paymasters and treasurer respectively the payments made by them in pursuance of this act; and such monies shall be applied to the re-payment of such sum and lums of money as shall appear by the tickets of enrolment to be due to the paymasters general and treasurer of the navy respectively, and which shall, in the course of his Majesty's service, have been paid by them respectively to any volunteer or substitute raised by virtue of this 2d, and also to pay such sum and sums of money as shall appear by the tickets of enrolment in the possession of the said paymasters general, or of his Majesty's of of the navy, to be due to any other volunteers or substitutes, raised for the service of his Majesty's army or navy, by virtue of this act; and the residue thereof (if any) shall be applied for the use of his Majesty's military or naval service, under the direction of parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace of every county shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after the day otE after in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to transmit to the secretary at w ar a copy signed by such clerk of the peace, of every return and ate of men raised to serve in the army by virtue of this

certth

2 A

t; and also to transmit to the commissioners of the admiralty a copy, signed as aforesaid, of every return and certificate of men raised to serve in the navy by virtue of this act; and where such return or certificate shall be omitted to be made, such clerk of the peace shall certify such omission, both to the secretary at war, and the of of the admiralty, in like manner, and also what proceedings shall have been had at any quarter fdlions in relation to the raising substitutes, where the due proportion of men shall not have been raised by the respective parishes charged therewith; and if any such clerk of the peace shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or transmit any such returns as aforesaid, according to the directions and true meaning of this act, every such clerk of the peace so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be received or enrolled in his Majesty's service, fied not to be by viftue of this act, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating enrolled; officer or officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper,

or

on penalty of 500l.

Persons disqualified as herein speci-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 43

or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to

+perform his duty in the army or navy, or who, in the opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years, nor any person being or having been, on or before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an articled clerk or apprentice, nor persons serving under articles in the coal trade, until the expiration of the said articles (unless with the consent of the master of such clerk or apprentice, or of the master or such other persons as aforesaid); nor any person enlisted in any of his Majesty's forces, whether military or marine, or who has deserted therefrom, or who is already entered in his Majesty's navy; nor any poor man (not being a sea-faring man) ifCfn_

who has more than two children born in wedlock: provided, rolled//hall be

That no person enrolled by virtue of this a cl shall, by reason of di (charged,

any such disqualification as aforesaid, be liable to be discharged unless notice

from his Majesty's service, or taken out of the same, unless no-

iice in writing of such disqualification shall be given to the officer given before

or officers under whose command such person shall be, before his entering

the time of his entering into any regiment, or on board any of mto a re£l-

his Majesty's ships of war, and before the bounty hereby autho- ^j°n

rifed to be paid to men raised by virtue of this act shall have been anc| before

paid or Satisfied to him; any thing before contained to the con- receiving

trary notwithstanding. bounty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person en- Time for rolled by virtue of this act, and entered into any regiment or which persons independant company of his Majesty's army, shall be liable to be liable serve therein during the continuance of the present war, and for to eive*

the space of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the regiment or independant company in which such person shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or otherwise, for the space of one calendar month next after their arrival in Great Britain; and that every such person entering into the service of the-navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the ship on board which such persons shall serve shall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of one calendar month next after the arrival of such ship.in arty such port.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person, be- Penalty for ing enrolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, desertion from shall desert such service, or, being actually entered in such fer-

vice, shall lift himself in any company, troop, or regiment, in the military or his Majesty's military or marine forces, without first having a marine forces, discharge in writing from the said of of the admiralty, or (Inking or or such officer or officers as shall be duly authorised by them for office^ that purpose, or shall strike or use any violence against any officer or officers under whose command he shall be put (such officer or officers being in the execution of his or their duty) or shall disobey any lawful command of such officer or officers, all and every person or persons lo offending on shore, in any such part'. of

Con ft able s may cause fuf-pebtecl defer-ttrs from the naval lei vice to be apprehended; and if justices find them to have

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

of Great Britain aforesaid, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be inflicted; and such person or persons, being apprehended or in custody for such offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's ship.s of war in commission, at any of the ports of this kingdom, and there detained and tried for such offence, in such manner, and by such court, as if such offence had been committed on board, or from on board, such ship of war. 7

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place where any person enrolled by virtue of this act in his Majesty's naval service who may be' reasonably fuf-peeffed to be a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace, living in or near such town or ce.

thtn Pblce» who ]s hereby empowered and required to examine such

commit\bem Person j an^f by his confession, or the testimony of one or more and transmit'witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such just* an account to tice of the peace, it shall appear or be found that such person is the admiralty. a person duly enrolled in his Majesty's service by virtue of this.

act, such justice of the peace shall, forthwith, cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to The Savoy > in case such deserter. (half be apprehended within the cities of London or Westminster, or places adjacent, and 'transmit an account thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against sc-ceive the iub^ corcbnS to bw; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, fi ft cnee* of de- or Pr^on? (hah receive the full subsistence of such deserter during ferters, but no the time he shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of any such deserter \ any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And^ for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure and apprehend any deserter who fall have been enrolled in Justices to or- the naval service by virtue of this be it further enacted, That der 20s. to be such justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant, in writing, to the collector or collectors of the land tax money, of the parish Where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the land tax money arisen or to arile in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, into the hands of such person or persons, who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended, any such deserter from his Majesty's said service, the lum of twenty, shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall desertcTS^ from barbour> conceal, or assist, any deserter, from his Majesty's said thVnaval fer- nava^ service, knowing him to l?e such, every such person so vice.'offending

paid by the collector of the land tax to the appre-hender of a deserter from the naval ler-vice.

Penalty of 5L

45

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said penalties shall be levied by warrant under the'hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the of- Application of fender, one moiety of the said penalty to be paid to the informer ^lc penalty, by whose means'such deserter shall be apprehended, and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter did or doth belong, to he credited by him in his accounts; and in case any such offender, who shall Offenders not be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such de- cAnTdiftreii ferter or deserters, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not OITnot paying have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made the penalty, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such of- be corn-fence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such ^rgl^onths conviction, then and in such case such justice or justices shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit such offender to«the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of three months.

XLIII. And whereas there may be occasion for the quartering of the men enrolled by virtue of this act^ in several parts of this kingdoms be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to enrolled quarter and billet the men enrolled in his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act, while on shore, (except in the city and county marines, of the city of London aforesaid) in such manner, and at such times and places respectively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, as his Majesty's marine forces may be quartered and billetted, by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intitutled, An act for the regulation of his Majests marine forces while on shore, or.by any other act then in force for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces.

XLIV. And whereas there may be occasion for quartering the officers appointed by his Majesty, in pursuance of this act, and their 'dffiflants, before any men are enrolled, and of opening houses of rendezvous for the purpose of receiving such men: be it further enacted.

That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the officers Officers ap-appointed by his Majesty to act in the execution of this act, and p^I-fa^nce of their respective assistants, in such manner, and under such and this act, and the like powers, rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, their assistants, as the men to be enrolled in his Majesty's service by virtue of ay be billet-this act may be quartered and billetted; and that each and every to be enrolled the house or houses and place or places where such officers shall p| v>here* be quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought officers necessary, it shall be lawful for the several and respective justices of are billetted the peace, having authority to act in the execution of this act, or any be ap-two or more of them, by their order in writing, under their hands J^tion^of and seals, to appoint and constitute a place or places of rendez- men enrolled, vous for the reception of men enrolled by virtue.of this act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty for Tons shall falfdy make oath to any of the matters herein before ^tffi^cunter-

required jfeiting cerlifi-

cates or returns, &c.

46 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

required to be verified, such person or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate or return required or directed to be given or made by this act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate or return so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shal], for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if of'cfff nceU^ any Person enro^edn his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act, punishable by accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or of-

law, shall bex fence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Ma-delivered over jesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the command of such party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial; and if any such officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fact is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service, provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the of of the treasury for the time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall be enrolled in his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by apy process whatever, other than by some criminal process for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws of the land.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several forms of enrolment and of the returns which thej ustices of the peace, and other officers before-mentioned, are required to cause to be made and returned of the number of men levied for his Majesty's service, together with the other particulars herein-before directed, shall be made as follows; videlicet,

Persons en-

to the civil magistrate.

Penalty on officers not delivering over such offenders, &c.

No person enrolled shall be taken out of the service, but for a criminal matter.

Enrolments and returns to be made in the following form.

Names

47

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

Names of men enrolled. Volunteers or substitutes. Parishes for which they serve. Parishes they belong to Ages. Descriptions of their persons. Sums paid to volunteers or substitutes. ', Sums directed to be paid tu 'the tresurer of the county, and to whom. Days on which they were enrolled, and at what places.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any servant what- A jufhYe may ever, hired by the year or otherwise, shall be enrolled, and any settle dilutes difpu-te shall arise between his matter or millrefs, employer or employers, and such fervaat, touching any sum or Turns of mo - Vantsenrolied, ney due to such servant for or on account of his service performed respecting before the time of such enrolment, or to such time as he shall be wages, obliged to quit the service of his said matter or mittress, employer or employers, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof to any justice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town corporate, or place, where such matter or mittress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment'osso much wages to such servant, in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall feemjuft and reasonable; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of any sums so ordered, by the space of seven days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such matter or mittress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this actt, or This not any thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed to to be apreoe-be a precedent on any future occasion to diminish or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, customs, privileges, immunities, and rights of the exemptions to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, city of London.

How fines exceeding 20l. (except for

men) shall be recovered

hot exceeding that sum.

48 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city are entitled to enjoy by prescription* act of parliament, charter, usage, or otherwise howsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this a A imposed, which shall exceed the sum of not raising the twenty pounds (except the Sites to be levied for not raising the proportion of proportion of men as herein-before is directed) shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great session in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the case shall require), wherein no efToign, privilege, protection, wager of and how fines ]aw^ or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, upon proof upon oath of the offence before any two or more justices of the peace of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, -be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels Offendersmay {ha]i have been so distrained 3nd fold; and for want of sufficient f(^r u^antof ihch justices are hereby required, in all cases where no

distress. particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not Application of exceeding three months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not orher-wife particularly directed by this act, shall be paid one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no order of conviction made by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this a Cl, nor execution shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatsoever; and to be 1'uper- that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction so made in pursuance of this act; but that execution and other proceedings shall he had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks of the peace, treasurers, clerks of justices at petty sessions, constables, and other officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute this act in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the satisfaction of the rewards as the juices of the peace, at their respective quarter sessions assembled quarter fef- within the said counties, cities, towns, cinque ports, liberties, /fens shall and p]aces herein mentioned, shall have and receive such rewards,

2nd no other (except such rewards as shall be directed to be paid who flja]] dl- rrL 1'T r rn-

reel payment to any person for his pains or charges in raising substitutes as

out of the herein-before is directed) for their care and trouble ia and about county rates } the

fines.

LTo order to be removed by Certiorari,

leded.

Clerks of the peace, treasurers, clerks of petty sessions, constables, &c. to receive such

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 49

the executing this act, and for their respectiveexpences and charges in the same, as the said justices shall judge the said oncers to have deserved; and the said justices shall, after allowance thereof* direct the same to be paid by the treasurer, or other officer of such county, out of any money in his hands of the county rates; and if such treasurer or officer shall not have sufficient and if they money in his hands of the county rates to pay the same, then such justices shall, and are hereby authorised and required, to may make a rate for the payment of the same, in such manner and rate for the form as they are authorised by law to make rates for the repair of payment, gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by law be applicable.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any If a place uni-district, town, liberty, or place, which is hereby united with any couift^Llmt county for the purposes of this act, is not liable to such county nabie to the rate, then the said justices hereby appointed for the carrying county rates, into execution the purposes of this act, shall, and they are hereby the justices _ authorised and required, jointly to ascertain the proportions of ascert^u such rate which ought to be defrayed by such district, town, li- whichit ought berty, or place, according to the number of inhabited houses to pay, paying taxes within the same, and the amount so ascertained shall be levied within such district, town, liberty, or place, by the justices thereof, by a rate, in the same manner as any justices might in a county levy money for county purposes.

LV. And be it enacted, That the justices of the peace at their The justices first meeting, for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, ^eetfn^ shall direct, and are hereby required to direct the treasurer or direct county* treasurers of the county to whom any sum or sums of money shall treasurers to have been directed to be paid on account of bounty or fines, in whom money pursuance of an act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, directed to be intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several pajdin purfu-counties in England for the service of his Alajefy's navy, to render anceof35 Geoe. an account (in the form directed by an act to enforce the due 3* c. 5* to execution of the before recited act), of all and every sum and ^count^f sums of money whatever that shall have been paid to the said m0nies re-treasurer or treasurers on account of bounty and fines as aforesaid, ceived, and and shall also direct the balance or residue of such bounty and pay balances, fines to be forthwith paid into the hands of the receiver general to rec: e*v" of the county, and shall also transmit the said accounts to the an^ f^ali'of of his Majesty's navy. transmit the

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be account to the lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, or any three nav^ °^ce* of them, to demand from the treasurer or treasurers of any county, riding, or division, such sum or sums of money as shall have navy maycI^ been paid into the hands of such treasurer or treasurers, as a bounty rect county or bounties on account of any man or men entering to serve in treasurers to the navy in pursuance of this act, and to direct the same to be PaV monies

'*_ rece, ve(j 3

paid into the hands of the treasurer of the navy, for 'which pay- bounties to ments so made the said of, or any three of them, are men entering hereby authorised to give a fulldischarge in pursuance of this act; into the navy, and such monies shall be applied to the Dayment of bounty or the

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4; [1796.

bounties herein directed to be paid, under the comptroll of the said of, to volunteers who are entered and rated on board the ships in which they are intended to serve.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person appointed, or to be appointed, an overseer of any parish during; the continuance of this a£!, shall be of the people called

m, and shall neglect or refuse to perform the duties required

justices may appoint a deputy overseer for carrying this act into execution.

5°

applied in payment of bounties to volunteers.

If any Quaker shall be appointed an overseer, and <S)n

his'duty^two overseers by this act, it shall and may be lawful for two juf- "'tices of the peace of the district where such parish is situate, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the circumstances of the case shall, In their judgement, render it expedient, by their order, under their hands and ieals, to appoint one or two fit and proper person or persons to be deputy overseer or overseers of such parish, for the purpose only of carrying this ac! into execution; and such persons lb appointed deputies shall have and exercise all the powers and jurisdiction given to overseers of the poor by this ac!, and shall do and perform all the like duties and offices under the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are hereby impeded for neglect of duty on overseers of the poor appointed by virtue of the laws now in force; and that where an appointment of any deputy shall be so made, the principal overseer (being one of the people called Quakers) shall be, and he is hereby discharged from the performance of any duty required of him by this act, and from all penalties incurred fornegledt thereof after the time of such appointment.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any bounty or bounties shall have been paid out of the rates raised for the relief of the poor of any parish, the same shall be reimbursed by a rate specially made under the authority and for the purposes of this act; and it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace of the county where such parish is situate, on the complaint of any parishioner that the money so paid out of the rate made for the relief of the poor hath not been reimbursed, and they are hereby required to order and direct the overseers of such parish forthwith to make a rate to reimburse the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within ftx months next after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint-did arise and no: elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuir, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their ad!ion or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble costs, the defendant or defendants fhdl have treble costs, and have the like

Bounties paid out of the poor rates, to be reimbursed by a special rate.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. 51

remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this This act may ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be be alte^ed or made in this present session of parliament. fdlTon? U*

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the forms of the pro- Forms in the ceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, annexed sche-which are set forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, dule may be may be used on all occasions, with such additions and variations ue*only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the case, and that no objection shall be made, or advantage No objection taken, for want of form, in any such proceedings, by any person or

or persons whatever. form.

THE SCHEDULE

to which this ACT refers.

No. i.

FORM of Appointment of General Sessions.

To the Justices of the Peace for the County, [Riding, or Division] of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an act, intituled, [Herefel forth the Title of the Act] and passed on the Day of

"That the Justices of the peace acting in and for the county of [or Riding, or Division, as the Case may he] shall, within a Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Days after the passing of that, Ad, assemble together at some convenient Place in the said County of [or Riding, or Division] where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a Court of General Sessions for the Purpose of carrying effectually into Execution the Powers given to them by the said Act, in pursuance of Notice to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, with the Consent of Two Justices of the Peace, in any Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Five Days at the least before the Day appointed for holding such Court: Notice is hereby given, That I Clerk of the Peace for the County, [Riding, or Division] of " by virtue of the Powers and in pursuance of the Direction contained in that Ad, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Assent of A.B. and C. D Two of the Justices of the Peace of the said County [Riding, or Division] a General Sessions, to be holden the Day of next ensuing,

at the of in the said County [Riding,

or Division] at the Hall there fttuate, at the Hour

of in the Forenoon of the same Day, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution; and that I have, in pursuance thereof, ciireded this Notice to be published in the Newspaper> called The usually circulated in this

County [Riding, or Division] on the Day of

e 2 next

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

next ensuing, being Meeting.

Days before the said Time of

Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raised in the several Dif riffs.

To be annexed to the Order to High Constable.

AT the General Sessions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act] on the Day of at

We, the Justices of the Peace in and for the County of assembled at the above Sessions of the Peace, do hereby appoint the Number of Men to serve for the Hundred of [or City, Town, Rape,

Lath, Wapentake, or Distritft], and also for each Parish, Tything, or Place, separately supporting its own Poor, or extraparochial Place, within the said Hundred, [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or District], within the County of as follows, videlicet,

Name of Hundred [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wa pentake, or District] Names of Parishes [or Ty things or Places. Number of Men for each Parish [Tyth ing or Place.]

Hundred of [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake* or Districts, as the Case may he.] Parish of [Tything or Place] Parish of Parish of Parish of B. 1 Tything of B. f|f§< - C. J is sa 0 0 0 0 0 0

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the

Day of now next ensuing. Dated

this Day of

No. 3.

FORA! of Orders of the Ge?ieral Sessions to the Chief Gonfiables> &c.

To A.B. Chief Constable of

or

To A.B. and C.D. Constables of, [or whatever their Description may be]

or

To A.B. Constables of the

Parishes of [where more than one are united.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

WE, A.B. C.D. &V. Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, assembled at a General Sessions, held by virtue of, and for the Purpose of carrying into Execution, an A c1, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act^ Do hereby require you to give Notice to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of

[or Tything of or Name

of Place, as it may he\ of the Number of Men appointed by us to be levied for the several Parishes, Tythings, or Places, within your Districft, and of the Time of raising the same, according to the Lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make a Return to the Justices of the Peace in and for your Districft, at the First Petty Sessions to be holden for the said District, by

next following, being the Day appointed for making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions therein contained. Signed for and by order of the said Justices, and according to the Directions of the said Act.

a -n 5 Clerk of the Peace d for the said County.

No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens. To the Overseers of the Parish of

NOTICE is hereby given to you, That the Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, at a General Sessions assembled under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act 1, by their Order, bearing Date the Day of

have appointed One Man, [or Men] to be levied and raised for the Parish of [or ifTivo or more Parishes, Tythings, or Places, are added together, name the Parishes, Tythings, or Places] and you are hereby required, immediately after the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the said at a

Vestry to he held within the said [if more

Parishes, OV. than one, here insert the Parish, &c. firs named in the Order of Appointment) to take into Consideration the most speedy and effectual Means of raising the said Man [or Men) appointed to be raised for the said in pursuance of the said Act,

of which Meeting you are to give Two Days publick Notice in Writing, by affixing the same on the Church or Chapel Door of your Parish or Place (or, if more than one) Church or Chapel Doors of your respective Parishes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your Parish [or Place) then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed: And you are hereby required to take Notice, that such Man [or Men]

virtue of the said act, on the

Day of

of the several Parishes, Tythings, or Places, of in the said County, and to each and every of them.

or

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

is [or are] to be raised on or before the Day of

next ensuing, being Twenty-one Days after the Date of the said Order; and that as soon as you have agreed with any Person to serve, you are to produce every such Person before the proper Officer appointed to regulate the admission of Men into the Army [or, Navy, as tbs Case may be] for your Parish, and if he shall approve of him, you are then to cause him to be brought before Two or more Justices of the Peace of this County, to be examined 5 and in case the Regulating Officer shall reject any Person raised by you, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate Notice of your Intention to appeal to the Justices at the next Petty Sessions to be held in your Districts; and you are to make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in pursuance of the said Act, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Justices of the Peace adding in and for the District of at a Petty Sessions to be holden at on the Day of next ensuing. Dated

this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

A.B. Chief Constable of No. 5.

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places united together.

To the principal Inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a Vestry (or Meeting) atto take into Confederation the most speedy and effectual Means of raising One Man (or Men) appointed at

a General Sessions of the Peace holden on the to be raised by you for the Service of the Army [or, Navy, as the Case may be], in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here ft forth the Title of the Act], and so that such Man (or Men) be raised, approved of, and enrolled in His Majesty's Service, on or before the Day of now next ensuing,

being the Time appointed for raising such Man (or Men),

C* D } Overseers.

No. 6.

FORM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Overseers of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places, within the of in the County (Riding, or Division) of and to

each and every of them,

M —

55

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

M---1 AT the First Petty Sessions held by virtue of an Act,

3 intituled, [Here set forth the 'Title of the Act-\ for the purpose of receiving the Returns of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes, Tythings, and Places respectively, within this Hundred, [or Rape, Lath, or Wapentake, as the Case way be\ touching the Execution of the Orders given them under the above Act, it is ordered by the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Paid District!, attending the said Petty Sessions, that all Appeals of Parishes, Tythings, or Places, 'within the said Diflridi, charged to raise Men, under the above Act, against the Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Act, who shall reject! any Man or Men raised by the said respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, whereby such Overseers shall be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the Day of

next ep.suing, and on following, until such

Appeals shall be determined at before such Justices

as shall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

- No. 7.

FORM of Order of Justices upon a Difference or Disagreement between Two Parishes or Places.

M -----7 WHEREAS Complaint hath been made to us, A. B,

District of J C.D. Justices of Peace, in and for the said County of

M. ad!ing in and for this Diflridi, and a fie in bled at a Petty Sessions this Day of in the Year of

our Lord that (here fct out the Complaint) we

do hereby order that (here set out the Order) and that this Order shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 8.

'tn

a>

No. 8.

FT

FO

RM of the Justices Certificate, One Duplicate whereof to he left with the Clerk of the Peace.

For the County of

M---7 WE A.B. and C.D. Esquires, Two of the Justices of

J the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, that E. E. hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of His Majesty's Army or Navy, [as the Case may be] for the Parish [or Parishes, as the Case may be], of and that his Description

is as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement Age.*Calling.

E. F. 1 Parish of o o - _ -

And we do further certify, that the Sum of Pounds,

hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such Service; [and if any Sum is to be paid to him on Enrobnent, add as follows] And we do hereby diretft, that the Sum of Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said

E. F. [or to the Wife, Child, or Children, or

Father, or Mother of the said E. F. at his Request], at the Time of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we have ordered the Overseers of the said Parish of to pay into the

Hands of L. M. the Treasurer of the said County of within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, the^Sum of Pounds, being the Residue of the said Bounty,

to be applied as the Act in such Case directs. Given under our> Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 8.

FORM of the Justices Certificate, One Duplicate whereof to be 3 delivered with the Party. o

For the County of S

C/Q

7 WE A9 B. and C D. Esquires, Two of the Justices of b the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, that ff E. F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the Service of His Ma- HL jesty's Army or Navy, [as the Case may be], for the Parish [or*n '^n and that his Description

Parishes, as the Case may be], of is as under-written:

Number of the Certificate. Name. Place of Birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E. F. Parish of o o

Pounds,

3

o

3

o

O

w

o

And we do'further certify, that the Sum of hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the said E. F. on his F* entering into such Service; [and if any Sum is to be paid to him on 2 Enrolment, add as follows] And we do hereby direct, that the«Sum of Pounds, Part thereof, shall be paid to the said

E F. [or to the Wife, Child, or Children, or

Father, or Mother, of the said E. F. at his Request], at the Time^of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we have or- dered the Overseers, of the said Parish of to pay into the 4*

Hands of L. M. the Treasurer of the said County of within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of Pounds, being the Residue of the said Bounty,

to be applied as the Act in such Case directs. Given under our v^> Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord F*

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

No. 9.

FORM of Notice by Overseers to the Regulating Officers, of Appeals.

To A.B. Regulating Officer [or, to A.B. C.D. and E. F. Regulating Officers] at under an Act, intituled* [ Here set forth the Title of the Act,]

WHEREAS you, as such Regulating Officer, have rejected A.B. produced before you as a Volunteer to serve in'His Majesty's Army, [or Navy, as the Case may be], as unfit to serve His Majesty, and we J. W1 and T. B. Overseers of the Parish of [or Name of Place], for which Parish [or Place] the said A* B. was tendered to serve, think'ourselves aggrieved by such Determination 5 Notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our Intention to appeal against such Determination to the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for this District, to be 2fiembled at the next Petty Sessions to be holden by virtue of this Act. Given under our Hands this Day of

No. 10.

FORM of Return of Overseers to the fuflices of their Dislridl, at their Petty Seffiions, of Persons enrolled.

Return of Persons enrolled as Volunteers to serve in His Majesty's Army, [or Navy, as the Case may be], for the Parish of under an Act, intituled,

[Here set forth the Title of the Act,]

Names Parishes or Places for which they serve. Parishes or Places Birth or Settlement. Calling. Age. Sums agreed to be paid as Bounty.

A.B. Parish of Parish of Yeoman 17

G.D. Town

C D ^Overseers.

No. 11.

FORM of Summons of Overseers aiding for Places that have made

Default.

M--- 7 To A.B. and C.D. Overseers of the

District of j Parish of

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by the Parish of [or, if more than One, the Parishes of or Name of Place or Places]

has not been made within the Time limited to you for so doing*this is therefore to require you to appear before the Justices of

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

the Peace in and for the said County, and acting in and for this District, to be assembled at a Petty Sessions to be holden on the Day of atto answer for your

Default therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

No. 12.

FORM of Summons of Inhabitants, &c.

To A.B. and C.D. Inhabitants of WHEREAS we A. and B> Justices of the Peace acting for the District of in the County of have summoned before us T. TV. and Z. X. the Overseers of the Parish of to answer for the Default in not having raised the Proportion of Men to be raised by the said Parish of in

Obedience to the Order of General Sessions, and in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Fiile of the Alt J and on due examination of the Premises it having appeared to us that i'uch Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the said Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, but that the same hath arisen through the wilful Neglect of Inhabitants of the said

Parish of These are therefore to require you

to be and appear before the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said District, on atto shew Cause

why the Fine directed to be imposed on you in such Case should not be adjudged to be levied, according to the Directions of the said Act. Dated this Day of

No. 13.

FORM of the Order of Fine.

M — -1 WHEREAS T\ IK and Z. X the Overseers of the to wit. j Parish of [or Parishes of or Places]

have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the A ior the said Parish of [or Parishes, &c.] % within the Time limited to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the District of and have refused so to do, [or, appearing before them' at the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined

by them as to the Cause of such Default] and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful NegledV of, or Disobedience to, the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable. We do hereby, on due Confederation of the Premises, adjudge the said T. IV. and Z. X\ the said Overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the said T. IV. and Z, X, in the Sum of Ten Pounds

59

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

over and above the Sam of £. which we the said Justices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been given on an Average as" a Bounty to Men enrolled by virtue of the said Act, within the Districft of and by virtue of the Powers veiled in us by that A6F, do order that the same be forthwith paid by them into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of M for the Uses and Purposes of that Ad. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 14.

FORM of Warrant of Di/lrefs for Fine.

J To the constable of

to wit. j (

WHEREAS T W. and Z. X. the Overseers of the parish of [or Parishes of or Places] have not made Returns 0

of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions made in pursuance of an Ack, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the aItl] for the said Parish of [or Parishes, &c.] within the Time limited to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Districft of and have refused so to do, [or

appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held on at and being examined by them as to the cause of

Inch Default] and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reai'o'n of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers veiled in us by the said Act, we did adjudge the said T. W. and Z. X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and accordingly did line the said T W. and Z. X. as such Overseers of the said Parish, in the sum of for such their Default, which sum hath

not forthwith been paid; these are therefore to command you to levy the said sum of £. by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the said T. W. and Z. X \ and if within the Space of

next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum of £. ... together with the reasonable charges of taking

and keeping the said Distress, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay the said Sum of £. into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County of for the Uses and Purposes of that Act, rendering the

Overpltis(if any) on Demand, unto them the said T. W. and Z. X. the reasonable Charges of keeping and felling the said Distress being first deduced; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said T, W. and Z. X, whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to

us, together with the Return of this Precept. Herein fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day of

io the Year of our Lord

No. 15.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

No. 15.

FORM of Order of levying Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants.

To the Overseers of the Parish of

M---7 WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Overseers of the

i Parish of [or Parishes of or Places]

have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raised by virtue of an Order of General Sessions, made in pursuance of an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the for the said Parish of [Vr, Parishes, &c.] within the

T ime limited to them for doing the same: And whereas the said Overseers have been summoned to appear before the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the District of and that

on their appearing before them at the Petty Sessions held at and being examined by them, as to the Cause of such

Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Overseers, to the Satisfaction, of the Justices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reason of any wilful Neglect of, or Disobedience to the Order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: And whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that the same hath arisen through the wilful Default of I. M. an Inhabitant of the said Parish of [or^-if more than One,

I. M. O. P. &c. Inhabitants,: We do therefore ad-

judge the said I. M. &c. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the said I. M. &c. in the Sum of Ten Pounds, [Cifc.j as in Form No 13.

No. 16,

FORM of Order of fufices to the Treasurer of the County

To the Treasurer of the County of M.

M---7 WE, A.B. and C.D. Two of His Majesty's Justices

I of the Peace acting in and for the District of in this County, clo hereby order you to transfer in your Account to the Use of E. F. (enrolled as a Substituteto serve for the Parish of [<?r, Parishes, &c. of ] in His Majesty's

Navy, the Sum of £. out of the Money in your Hands

arising from the Fine imposed upon the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of [ory Inhabitants, as the Case may be]

or for their Default in not raising a Volunteer for the said Parish of under an Act, intituled, [Here set forth the

Title of the Act]. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Pay of

No. 17.

FORM of Order or Warrant to Constables, &c. to attend.

M-----7 To the Constables of or Overseers,

5 iAc. of

WE,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4.

WE, A.B. C.D. and E. F. His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the county of assembled at the General,

[or Quarter, or Petty Sessions, as it may be] do hereby require and order you to attend the Justices of the Peace assembled at a Sessions of the Peace, on the

Day of atto shew Cause to the said Justices

why [here set out the Default complained of-\ or to make a Return [as the Case may be]. Given under our Hand and Seals, this Day of

No. 18.

FORM of Conviction for Neglect of Duty.

M----- 7 BE it remembered, That on this Day of

to wit*)in the Year of His present Majesty's Reign

A.B. of is duly convicted before us Justices of the Peace, assembled at a Sections of the Peace held

at in pursuance of an Act of the Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled [Here set forth the Title of the Act] for that he the said A.B. on at did

wherefore we the said Justices [or of the said

Justices] do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the Sum of as a Fine for his Offence, in pursuance of the Powers vested in us by the said Act. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 19.

FORM of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality.

To

M--7 RECEIVE into your Custody the Body of A.B.

to wit. J herewith sent you, having been adjudged guilty of [Here fate the Offence], in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the Act]* and him safely keep in your Custody for the Space of next ensuing; and for so doing this shall be

your sufficient Warrant. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 20.

An Account of Parishes within the County of for which

Volunteers or Substitu-es were raised for the Service of His Majesty, together with the other Particulars relating thereto; as required by an Act, intituled [Here set forth the Title of the Act.]

Names

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

Names of Volunteers 01 Subltituecs. / Volunteer -j or I SubiliLute. Pari the a for which they serve.'Full Bounty. Paid at Inrolment. Paid since. 1 Residue unpaid.

Sum.

1 1 £. s. d. £. 5. d. £. s. d\ to whom. 1 £. s. d.

No. 21.

An Account of the Parishes within the County of fined

for Default of not raising Men for the Service of His Majesty, and the several other Particulars relating thereto; as required by an Act, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the j

Path lies fined. f Amount of Fi nes; Transferred to Account of Substitutes., Paid for Rewards. Residue.

Names of Sublinutes. Sum.

1 F- s. d. I. d. 1. s. d. £- s. d.

No. 22.

FORM of Order of Justices for Paymetit of Bounty to the

of the County.

To the Overseers of the Poor of the

WE, d. B and C.D. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of having examined E. F. who hath voluntarily entered himself to serve in the Army [or, Navy, as the Case may he], for the Parish or Parishes of to whom

a Bounty of Pounds hath been agreed to be given, of

which Pounds hath been paid to the Paid E. F. do

hereby order you, L. M. and N. 0. Overseers of the Poor of the Paid to pay into the Hands of S. of Treasurer

-of the said County of Pounds, being the Residue

of the said Bounty, within Fourteen Days from the Date of this our Order. Hereof fail not at your Peril. Given under our Hands the Day in the Year of our Lord.

B.

C.D.

No. 2,

No. q.3*

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the Remainder of Bounty,

Day of 179

SIR,

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of being on Account of the Bounty of a Volunteer for the County of belonging to His Majesty's Ship if it shall be demanded before you have paid over the same to the Receiver General, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Office in London.

To the Treasurer of the County of

So

d.

|Commissioner of the Navy,

Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

By virtue of the Act of the> Thirty of George the Third, Chap.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Thirty-second of George the Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is directed by Act 3 % George III. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof q when presented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Person preferring the same; and being satisfied, he is to testify^to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount^without Fee or Reward.

0*

FT

No.

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the Remainder of Bounty, Day of 179

SIR, £. dt

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of being on Account of the Bounty of a Volunteer for the

bounty of belonging to his Majesty YShip if it shall be demanded before you have paid over the same to the Receiver General, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Commissioners of the Navy, at their Office in London.

To the Treasurer of the County of

JCommissioner of the Navy Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy,

VJ

VO

ON

o

S3

o

n>

crq

2

o

CD

3

o

- By virtue of the Act of the Thirty of George the Third, ^Chap.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Cha- CT. ra6ter of any Person entitled to receive the Wages of any 3 inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of 0 Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the Q) same, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or w Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Ma- O rine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the q Thirty-second of George the Third, Chap 34, t-i

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addressed, is directed by — Act 33 George III. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof ElJ when presented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the*Person presenting the same; and being satisfied, he is to testis y P to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount .£» without F, ee or Reward,

Os

64

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. "[1796.

CAP. V.

An act for raising a certain number of men in the several countiesi Jlewartrres, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majestfs army and navy.

[November 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick service that the mof effectual means shoidd be adopted for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Majestfs army or navy: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be levied within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the several counties or stewartries, and royal burghs and towns, and other places herein after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majesty as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner as herein after is directed, and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this act shall be as follows; (that is to say),

For the county of Aberdeen, one hundred and fifty-four.

For the city of Aberdeen, including the parish of Old Machar^ thirty-two.

For the burgh of Kintore, one.

For the burgh of Inverury, one.

For the town of Peterhead, four.

For the town of Frazerjburgh, two.

For the town of Old Mildrum, one.

For the town of Huntley, one.

For the county of Ayr, eighty-one.

For the burgh of Ayr, five.

For the burgh of Irvine, two.

For the town of Kilmarnock, nine.

For the town of Beith, one.

For the town of Steuarton, one.

For the county of Argyll, eighty-leven.

For the burgh of Inver ary, three.

For the burgh of Ca?7ipbellton, fix.

For the county of Bute, nine.

For the burgh of Kothfoy, three.

For the county of Berwick, thirty-three.

For the burgh of Lawder, two.

For the town of 'Eyemouth, one.

For the town of Ayton, one.

For the town of Dunfe, two.

For the town of Greenlaw, one.

For the county of Banff, fifty-three.

For the burgh of Banff, three.

For the burgh of Culien, one.

[Preamble.]

Men to be levied in the following proportions.

For

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5.

For the town of Macduff's one.

For the towns of Old and New Keith, two.

For the town of Fochabers, one.

For the town of Portsoy, one.

For the county of Caithness, twenty-four.- For the burgh of Wick, three.

For the town of Thurso, eight*

For the county of Cromarty, eight.

For the town of Cromarty, two.

For the county of Clackmannan, five.

For the toWn of Clackmannan, two.

For the town of Alloa, eight.

For the county of Dumfries, forty-three*

For the burgh of Annan, two.

For the burgh of Dumfries, seven.

For the burgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the burgh of Sanquhar, two.

For the town of Moffat, one.

For the county of Dumbarton, twenty-one.

For the burgh of Dumbarton, four.

For the town of Kirkintilloch, one.

For the county of Edinburgh, eighty*

For the city of Edinburgh, including the liberties of Canongate, Pleasance, South and North Leith, and Coalhill, eighty.

For the town of Dalkeith, five.

For the towns of Musselburgh, Fisherow, Inverefk, and New* bigging, seven.

For the county of Elgin, thirty-seven.

For the burgh of Elgin, four.

For the burgh of Forres, three.

For the county of Fife, ninety-two For the burgh of Cupar, five.

For the burgh of Dumfermline, Limekilns, and Torryburn, eight. For the burghs of Inverkeithing, Northferry, and Aberdour, two. For the burgh of Bruntifandtwo.

For the burgh of Kinghorn, three.

For the burgh of Kirkcaldy including the Link, five.

For the burgh of Dyfart and Pathead, three.

For the burgh of Anflruther Eafer, two.

For the burgh of Anfruther Weser, one.

For the burgh of Craill, three.

For the burgh of Kilrenny and Sillerdike, one.

For the burgh of Pittenween, two.

For the burgh of Saint Andrew s five.

For the towns of Leven, Largo, Ely, Kennoway, Methel, Buck-haven, Easter and Wester Wemyfs, two For the towns of Lejly, Ceres, Auchtermuchty, Falkland, and Strathmiglo, one.

For the town of Neivbury, one.

For the county of Forfar, seventy.

For the burgh of Brechin, four.

Vol. XU* F For

66

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

For the burgh of Dundee, thirty-three*

For the burgh of Forfar, four.

For the burgh of Alontrose, five.

For the burgh of Arbroath, four.

For the town of Kirrymuir, two.

For the town of Cupar of Angus, two.

For the county of Haddington, thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Haddington, five.

For the burgh of Dunbar, four.

For the burgh of North Berwick, two.

For the town of Prejion Pans, one.

For the county of Inverness, seventy-two For the burgh of Inverness, fourteen.

For the county of Kinross, fix.

For the town of Kinross, two.

For the county of Kincardine, thirty-three.

For the burgh of Inverbervie, one.

For the stewartry of Kircudbright, twenty-eight.

For the burgh of Kircudbright, three.

For the burgh of 2Vm; Galloivay, one.

For the town of Castle Douglas, one.

For the town of Gatehouse, one.

For the town of Creiton, one.

For the county of Lanerk, seventy-one.

For the city of Glasgow, Gorbals, Anderson, and Calton, seventy-one.

For the town of Hamilton, three.

For the burgh of Lanerk, two.

For the burgh of Ruglen, one.

For the town of Strathaven, one For the town of Airdrie, one.

For the county of Linlithgow, seventeen.

For the burgh of Linlithgow, five.

For the burgh of Queensferry, two.

For the town of Borrowjlowness, four.

For the county o{Nairne, seven.

For the burgh of Nairne, two.

For Orkney, thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Kirkwall, four.

For Zetland, nineteen.

For the town of Lerwich, twO.

For the town of Stromness, two.

For the county of Peebles, twelve.

For the burgh of Peebles, three.

For the county of Perth, one hundred and sixty-seven.

For the burgh of Perth, twenty-four.

For-the burgh of Culross, one.

For the town of Dunkeld, two.

For the town of Crieff, four.

For the town of Dumblane, two.

For the town of Aucbterardery two.

For

6;

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii II. I. c. 5.

For the town of Jlytb^ one.

For the county of Renfrew, twenty-six.

For the burgh oi Renfreiv, one.

For the town of Paisley, and the villages of Newtoun, Williams-burgh, Smithills, Carriagehilh, Maxweliown, MilUrJloun,

eighteen.

For the town of port Glasgow, two

For the town of Greenock and Corf dike^sixteen For the county of forty-nine.

For the burgh of Ta/h, two.

For the burgh of Dingwall, two.

For the burgh of Fortrose, two.

For the town of Stornoway one.

For the county of Roxburgh, forty-five.

For the town of Kelso, three.

For the burgftof Jedburgh, five.

For the town of Hawick, three.

For the town of Melrose, two.

For the county of Selkirk, two.

For the burgh of Selkirk, three.

For the town of Gallowshields, one.

For the county of Stirling, forty-eight.

For the burgh of Stirling, seven.

For the town of Falkirk, four.

For the town of Kilfyth, one.

For the county of Sutherland., thirty-one.

For the burgh of Dornock, three.

/ For the county of Wigtoun, eighteen.

For the burgh of Wigtoun, one.

For the burgh of Whit eh or n, one.

For the town of Newton, two.

For the burgh of Stranrear, two.

IF And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- His Majesty ful for his Majesty to constitute and appoint so many officers to r^o^re regulate the admission of men to be levied under the autho- g^the rity of this act, for his Majesty's service, as his Majesty shall admission of deem necessary, who being so respectively appointed, shall efta- men. blish within their respective districis a convenient place or places of rendezvous in each such aistrict, for the reception of such men; and every such man, so to be levied, shall, before his enrolment, be examined by one fhch regulating officer at the ieast, as to his ability to serve his Majesty; and every such officer shall have the full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such controul and superintendance as by this act is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace Clerks of the of the said several counties and stewartries in Scotland (excepting peace to sum-the counties of Inverness^ Rofsj Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, ^of The

and the stewartry of Orkney, and Zetland) shall, within thirty justices^ days after the passing of this act, and the clerks of the peace of the said counties of Inverness, Rofsy Cromarty, Sutherland, and

F 2 Caithness

1C

63

who shall ascertain the rent of parishes, and apportion the number of men to be raised for each county.

The justices clerk to transmit to ministers an intimation to be read from the pulpit, requiring heritors to meet for procuring men, &c.

Heritors to pay 251. for each man deficient of quota;

and if not paid, the justices to a fiefs the parishes for deficiencies.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

Caithness, and of the said stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, shall, within firty days after the passing of this act, or sooner if it can be done, cause an advertisement to be published in some one newspaper published, or usually circulated within the county, summoning the justices of the peace of the said different counties and stewartries to meet in general section upon a day to be mentioned in such advertisement, and at the usual place where the justices of each county severally are accustomed to meet; and the justices, when assembled at such meeting, shall proceed to distinguisti and ascertain the valued rent of the different parishes within the county or stewartry, and apportion the number of men to be raised for each county or stewartry upon the several paristies, according to the proportion which the valuation of such parish bears to the total valuation of the county; and the said justices shall have power to adjourn till the duty incumbent on them by this act is fully discharged, so as such adjournment ftiail only be from day to day, Sundays excepted.

IYr. And be it further enacted, That immediately after making such apportionment in each shire or stewartry, the justices of the peace in and for the same shall cause their clerk to transmit to the ministers of the several parishes within the shire or stewartry, other than parishes comprehended within the royal burghs and towns herein-before mentioned, an intimation to be read from the pulpit the first day of divine service after receiving the same, requiring the heritors of the parish to meet, by themselves or agents, within ten days from the time of the intimation being so made at the parish church or manse of the said parish; and the heritors, or their said agents, shall meet accordingly, and at such meeting ftiail direct such measures to be taken as to them shall seem most expedient to procure the number of men apportioned on the parish, by the payment of bounty money, and to have the men procured delivered over to the regulating officer appointed to pass and receive them, within fifteen days after the meeting; and in case the said number of days shall elapse v/ithout the quota of men apportioned upon the parish being produced, delivered over, and passed, then the heritors of such parish shall be liable, in the first instance, to pay unto the collector of the cess for the county or stewartry within which the parish is situated, a sum of money equal to twenty-five pounds sterling for each man of the quota required from the parish deficient, such deficiency being certified under the hand of the regulating officer of the district, and copies of his certificate delivered to the minister of the parish, and to the clerk of the peace for the ftlire or stewartry in which the parish is situated; and in case the said heritors shall fail to make such payment within the time above-mentioned, then the justices of the peace of the county or stewartry shall immediately assess the parish in the sum due for its deficiency at the rate aforesaid, according to the valued rent of the parish, ascertained by them in manner aforesaid, and shall order the collector of the land tax for such county or stewartry,

and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 69

and he is hereby authorised and required, without loss of time, to recover the lame from the heritors of such parish, in the same manner, and by the lame means, as he is empowered by law to recover and render the land tax effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the bounty monies to men pro- Bounties to cured by the heritors of the several parishes, shall in the first place, Mentors ^vho be provided and paid by the said heritors, and an account kept mayraifethe thereof, and at the elapse of the time before-mentioned, when amount on the sum of twenty-five pounds for each man then deficient is ap- tile parishes, pointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray

the expence of the bounties to be given to the said men, it shall be lawful to the heritors in the said parishes, or such of them as have advanced the bounty monies, or to any person authorised by them, to raise a sum equal to the whole of the money so advanced and paid by them upon the parish agreeably to the acfl of the parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the reign of Charles the Second, in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-three, chapter sixteen, and the proclamations of the privy council of Scotland in the reign of King William, ratified by an act of the parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the same ! reign, first September one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, chapter twenty-first.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the case aforesaid of the number Heritors pay-of men allotted to any parish not being raised, and delivered over ^nt men may as above directed, within the time before limited, and the sum of assess inhabi-twenty-five pounds for each deficient man being raised from the tants in a heritors as before directed, then the heritors paying shall be, and moiety of the they are hereby authorised to afiefs the tenants, inhabitants, and lum* posseff'ors, of such parish, in a moiety of the sum so paid, to be

levied in the same manner as they are empowered to do by the aforesaid acts of the parliament o^Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons AiTcfTmfins

shall refute or delay to pay his, her, or their proportion of the ^.^5 sum or sums so aifeffed or imposed, within the time appointed for

payment thereof, the lame shall, upon a complaint to the sheriff

or stewart depute of the shire or stewartry, or his substitute, by the procurator fife a] of the county or stewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by d iff refs and sale of the effects of the person or persons refuting or delaying so to pay.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where there Where there is not sufficient evidence of the valued rent of lands, the appor- ^the tionments and assessments hereby directed illal 1 be made according rtnt Of

to the customary payment of the eels or land tax, or in such other lands, afltffi

way as to the justices of the peace of each /hire or stewartry, al- merits to be

sembled as aforesaid, shall item belt; and in calc there be no

acting justice of the peace within any diffiicf, the duty and pow- j.n

ers by this act made incumbent on or given to the justices, shall and where no

be performed and exercised by the sheriff'.depute or substitute for justices ad,

such districte and the duties of the clerk of the peace by the sheriff. flwiffde-

n \; l j J pute to acr,

or itewart cleric, or his deputies. £, c>

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ju^I*CcS nuly

J add together

7°

two ov more parishes for raising men, &e.

The charge for raising men in a parish lying in two counties to be made in that where the church is situ ate.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. -5. [1796.

fa id j allices at their said meetings to add together, wheneverthey shall think it necessary, two or more parishes, for the raising any man or number of men in pursuance of this act, so as to make the charge as equal and impartial, and convenient as possible; and the heritors of the parishes so added together, or their agents, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men allotted for the same, and to raise the money necessary; and all the other proceedings directed by this act shall take place in like manner as if the parishes so joined did originally or by law form but one parish; and the justices shall, in the case of such junction, direct where the heritors of the parishes joined shall meet; and the said heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the place so appointed accordingly, by themselves or their agents.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any parish lies in two or more counties or stewartries, the charge imposed on such parish for raising men for his Majesty's service by this act, shall be in the shire or stewartry where the church belonging to such parish is situated, and the whole of such parish shall, for the purposes of this act, be deemed part of the said shire or stewartry; and all the - money to be levied for or in respect of such parish, in pursuance of this act, shall be paid to and recovered by the officers of the same.

Penalty on regulating officer or procurator file a 1 for neglect.

Orders of sheriffin &c.*to be final.

Magistrates, within a limited tiiV e, r<' take mea-furtsfor levying m ri, and may h vy motuy to p iy bounties.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case any regulating officer shall fail to make his certificate, and to cause copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he shall, for every such failure, be liable in the penalty of thirty-one pounds ten shillings, to be recovered by summary complaint made by the procurator fiscal of the county or stewartry to the sheriff or flewart depute; and in case the procurator fifeal shall fail in his duty in any of the articles before-mentioned, then he shall be liable in a penalty of thirty-one pounds ten shillings for each failure, to be recovered by a summary complaint to the sheriff or stewart depute by the regulating officer, the collector of the land tax, or any heritor of the parish.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the orders or decrees of the sheriffs or fiewarts depute, and of the justices of the peace, in any of the cases before-mentioned, and in all proceedings held under this act, shall be final and conclusive as to all parties, and shall not be removeable by bill of suspension, advocation, or any other form or process of law, into any superior or other court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the magistrates of the fever a] cities, royal burghs, towns, and places, in this act mentioned, except those to the northward of Inverness, shall, within twenty days after the passing of this act, and the magistrates of the several cities, burghs, towns, and other places, in this act mentioned, situated north of Inverness, shall, within forty days after pa fling of the same, or leaner ir it can be done, take such measures as dial] leem to them mofc expedient for levying the number of able bodied men, according to the proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said cities, royal burghs, towns, and other

places;

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 71

places; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorised to levy from the heritors, burgesses, and inhabitants of such cities, burghs, towns, and other places, a sum not exceeding twenty-five pounds per man, for paying the bounties they may fee proper to give to such men as are actually levied, not exceeding the numbers allotted for such city, burgh, town, of other places, by this act, in such manner, and by the proportions as is herein after directed and the men so levied shall be delivered over by the said magistrates to the regulating officer appointed to act for that place in^manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the magistrates of any If the com-

of the said cities, royal burghs, towns, or other places, shall not ^en^not have raised its full complement of men accepted of by the regu- raised within lating officer, within thirty days after they are herein-before di- a limited reded to take measures for^that end, then the said magistrates time, the shall ftent and assess the heritors and inhabitants in a sum equal to he-°

twenty-five pounds for each man deficient, and shall levy the sum ritors and info assessed in the manner, and according to the proportions herein- habitants For after directed; and the said sum shall be paid to the collector of deficiency, the cess for such city, burgh, or town, or where there is no collector of the cess for such city, burgh, or town, then to the

collector of the cess for the shire or stewartry within which such city, burgh, town, or other place is situated, to answer and pay the bounty money given to men levied to supply the deficiency, until the whole number allotted for such city, burgh, town, or place, shall be completed.

XV. And be it en acted, That in case the magistrates of any Magistrates of the said cities, burghs, towns, or other places, shall neglect or refuse to assess and ftent the heritors and inhabitants thereof, ments for de«

for the sums of money for which such city, burgh, town, or place, ficiencies to

may be liable in case of deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy, apply, ^P^l^ona^'/

and pay over the same in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, 1 Ca

then the magistrates of such city, burgh, town, or place, making default, shall be personally liable in a penalty equal to the sum deficient, to be recovered by summary complaint to the sheriff depute, at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the sheriff court, within the jurisdiction whereof such city, burgh, town, or place, making default, is situated; and the sums so recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the same way that the sums are by this act directed to be applied in the case of the magistrates levying the same from the heritors and inhabitants.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time Treasury to being, shall cause to be prepaied true lifts of the number of all caulelifts to the inhabited houses within the limits of any of the cities, royal ^he^number of burghs, towns, parishes, and places, particularly above specified, inhabited which are assessed and pay to the duties on inhabited houses, or houses within to the duties on houses, windows, or lights, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, and shall forthwith cause the assessed^o the same to be forwarded by the1 respective surveyors or other proper duties on officers of the said duties, to the chief magistrate of each of the honks, &c.

p.said and for warded

magistrates, who shall apportion the sums to be levied.

72 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

to the chief said cities, royal burghs, towns, panflies, or other places respectively; and where there are no such magistrate or magistrates, to the justices of peace, clerk of the county or stewartry, within which such town, village, or place, is respectively situated; and the magistrates of the said cities, royal burghs, towns, parishes, and other places, and the justices of the peace of the county or stewartry, within which such towns, villages, or places above described, are respectively situated, duly and regularly assembled* shall, as soon after the receipt of such lifts, as conveniently may be, respectively proceed to apportion among the inhabitants of the said cities, royal burghs, towns, parishes, and places, as nearly and equally as may be, the sums of money appointed to be levied by this act either for bounties to men raised in pursuance of this act, or for fines or penalties incurred for default of raising the proportion of men relpeiftively above specified; and the said magistrates assembled as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorised and required to divide and apportion the said bounties, fines, or penalties respectively, as near as may be, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houses a fie fled to and paying the said duties in each city, royal burgh, town, parish, or place, shall bear to each other: provided always, That where, from the inconsiderable number of inhabited houses assessed as aforesaid, contained in any roy^l burgh, town, village, or place, the said lift shall appear to the magistrates of the said burgh, town, village, or place, or to the justices of the peace, as the case may be, within which the same are respectively situated, either totally inapplicable, or not affording an equal and impartial rule for apportioning among the inhabitants of the same, the said bounties, fines, or penalties, it shall be lawful for the said magistrates and justices respectively, and they are hereby commanded and required to apportion the said bounties, fines, or penalties, among the inhabitants of the same, in such manner and by such rule, as to them shall seem most expedient, and as may render the operation of this act, in such cases, as equal and impartial as possible; provided always, That it shall be in the power of any inhabitant of such burgh, town, village, or place, conceiving himself aggrieved by the assessment imposed by any magistrate or justice of the peace above-mentioned, to appeal from the same to a general meeting of the justices of the peace, of the county or stewartry within which such burgh, town, village, or place, is respectively situated; provided the said appeal be entered ^within ten days after written notice has been given by the said magistrates or justices, or person authorised by then), of the rate or aiTcffinent proposed to be put upon such inhabitant; and the order or decree of the said general meeting of justices shall be final and conclusive as to all parties, and shall not be removeable by bill of fu'pension, advocation, or any other form or process of law, into any superior or other court whatsoever.

The iand-

XVII. And be it enacted, That where parishes are partly to ^an^v/ar<^ an^ partly within burgh, the landward part of the pa-htdeemed whether holdeii of the burgh or not? or whether paying Cess

part of the to

Where the lift shall appear inapplicable, the magistrates or justices may apportion the money as to them shall seem expedient.

Appeal may be made to a general meeting of justices.

Their decree to be final.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c.

to or with the burgh or not, shall be considered as part of the shire or stewartry liable for its proportion of the men allotted by this act to be raised in or for the same, and the part within burgh shall be included in the allotment for the burgh.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any doubt shall arise what part of any parish ought to contribute and be assessed within the county or lfewartry of which it is a part, and what part of it is included and ought to contribute and be assessed as part of the city, royal burgh, town, village or place, particularly and respectively above specified, it shall be in the power of a general meeting of the justices of the peace of the county or stewartry within which such city, royal burgh, town, village, or place, is situated, duly assembled at a general meeting, and of which due notice shall be given by advertisement or otherwise, in order that all concerned may attend to fix, ascertain, and determine, from the lift of inhabited and assessed houses, or from such other evidence as the nature of each case respectively admits, what part of such parish falls to contribute and be afielTed with the county or stewartry, and what part and right in pursuance of this act to contribute and be assessed, as part of the city, royal burgh, town, village, or place, respectively; and such order or judgement may, at the suit of any party conceiving himself aggrieved, be removed by bill of advocation, suspension, or other usual process of law into the court of session; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, or any sheriff or stewart depute, or substitute, or chief magistrate, resident in any city, burgh, or town, in this act mentioned, before whom any person shall be brought to be examined touching his consent to enter into his Majesty's service, to direct that any sum, not exceeding one third parr of the bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to serve, shall be advanced to such person, or to such of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the time of Ins enrolment herein after mentioned; and that the residue of such bounty shall be paid into the hands of the collector of the cef's for the shire, or stewartry, burgh or town, to which the Taid person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to remain until the same shall become payable to such person, on his being enrolled in some regiment, or mustered on board any of his iVlaje fly's ships of war.

XX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall agree to enter himself as a volunteer in either of such services as aforesaid, shall be produced before the officer or officers appointed to regulate the same service, at the nearest place of rendezvous to j any parish or place for which such volunteer shall agree to serve; and it) case such officer or officers shall, on examination, approve of such volunteer to serve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such justice, flier iff depute, or substitute, or chief magistrate, resident asatoresaid, acting in and for the parish or place; and in case it shall appear to such justice, sheriff depute, or substitute, or magistrate, that such person

73

/hire, and the part within the burgh part thereof*

General meeting qfjustices may determine what part of any parish ought to be assessed within the county* and what part within the city, See.

Their order may be removed into the court of iession.

Justices, Sec* may direct a third of bounties to be advanced to volunteers on their examination, and the residue to be paid to the collector of the cess.

Volunteers to be brought before tue nearest regu-ating Ouh er, arid, it approved by him, taken before a justice, tee:, who shall cer-try their entering, &c.

74

enrolled.

If regul itin g officer reject a volunteer, the heritors

depute, Sec.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the 'service of his Majesty as aforesaid, then they, are hereby required forthwith to certify, under their hands, that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty's army^or navy, as the case may be, and at the foot of such certificate enter the amount of the sums to be paid as bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such service, and the sums (if any) which have been directed to be advanced to him or be five red ^em at t^ie time ^is or their enrolment; and which certifi-to the officer cates fhafi delivered to such regulating officer; and he shall who shall cause thereupon cause such person or persons to be enrolled in his the men to be Majesty's military or naval service, as the case may require.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case the regulating officer at the nearest place of rendezvous aforesaid, shall reject any person or persons produced before him as such volunteer or volunteers* as unfit to serve his Majesty in either of the said services, and the

or magistrates heritors of any parish, or magistrates of any burgh or town, for Se^ffienff* person or persons shall have been tendered to serve,

shall think themselves aggrieved by the rejection, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such heritors or magistrates to apply, by summary complaint, to the sheriffor fiewart depute, or substitute, of the shire or stewartry, who shall cause the said complaint to be served on the said regulating officer or officers, directing him to answer the same within a time to be limited, not exceeding six days, and he or they, on receiving such notice* shall, and they are hereby required* before the time of hearing the matter of the said complaint, to set down hi.s reasons in writing for such rejection, and such writing being exhibited to the sheriff or stewart deputes, or their substitute, they shall do therein Sheriff's order what shall seem to them in their discretion expedient, and their order shall be final and conclusive.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where default shall be made in procuring and delivering men by the heritors or magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, having authority under his Majesty to provide men for the service of the army or navy, to produce any person or persons, substitute or substitutes, or for any such person or persons voluntarily to come before any justice of the peace, sheriff or stewart depute, or sub-.ffitute, or chief magistrate resident of the county* district, or place respectively for which they are produced or come, and be-examined as to their consent to leeve in his Majesty's army or navy, as substitutes for such parishes or places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to settle the bounty or bounties to be paid for such substitutes; such bounty or bounties, including the expences incurred in providing the said substitutes, not to exceed the aforesaid [urn of twenty-five pounds sterling; and such justices shall, incase any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer as aforesaid, certify such consent and approbation, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to volunteers; and the

Regulating officer to write his re a ions for rejection.

final.

If men are not procured by the heritors or magis-tr.ites; certain persons may produce substitutes, or v cl unlt'ci s may offer themselves to ajustice, Sec. who shall settle the bounty, &cc. and order the collector of the ccfs to pay it.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 75

the said justices shall thereupon make an order upon the collector of the cess for the {hire or ttewartry, or burgh or town, for which such substitute is enrolled, to pay the bounty money out of the money in the hands of such collector arising from the assessments made for and in the parish or place for which such fubtti-tute or substitutes is or are admitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every such certificate so granted, Certificates or or a full and true copy thereof, signed by the regulating officer, ^mitted6 shall in all cases be transmitted along with the person enrolled, with the per-and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiment, batta- fons enrolled lion, or company, or of the ship or vessel in which such person to the coin- shall be entered to serve, and such commanding officer shall, ^who dfall within four days from the time of such person being admitted m'ake out a into any regiment, and before such volunteer shall be compelled ticket for the to go out of the county for which he shall serve, or from the bounty due, time of such person joining such regiment, which shall first

happen, or from the time of such person being muttered and rated on board any ship, and before such ship or vessel shall proceed to sea, as the case may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such person, and then remaining due, in such manner as if such money had become due to such person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such ship or vessel, and such bounty money shall and may be paid to such person, or to his family, in the manner directed in respect of men enrolled in England, as directed by an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties of England, for the service of his Majesty's army or navy> and shall be reimbursed to the person so paying the same, by the collector of the cess for the particular {hire, ttewartry, burgh, or town.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Certain per-shall be received or enrolled in his Majesty's service by virtue of fons disquali-this act, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating officer or^en- officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty,

and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper or infirmity

which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the army or

navy; an'! who, in the opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years; nor any person being an articled clerk or ap-b.ut 110 PerfQ1*

prentice (unless with the consent of the mailer of such clerk or foalTbe dif-

apprentice); nor any person infilled in any of his Majesty's charged as

forces, or already entered in his M a jetty's navy; nor any defer- being an ar-

ter: provided that no person enrolled by virtue of this adtshall, by tided clerk,

reason of any such disqualification, as being a clerk, or ap. ren- &c* un*e/s,; r* 1*/)1 1 1 1 notice Oi (111*

tice, or minted, or entered, or being a deserter, be liable to be qualification

difefiarged from his Majesty's service, or taken out of the same, be given

unless notice in writing of such disqualification shall be given to before his en-

the officer or officers under whose command such person shall be, before the time of his entering into any regiment, or on paid,

board any of his Majesty's ships of-war, and before the bounty

76

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

hereby authorised to be paid, or any part thereof, shall have been paid or satisfied to him.

Regulation of

XXV. And be it enacted, That all the regulations established 37 Geo. 3.^the aforesaid act of this present session of parliament, intituled,

ing^dekrters' for raising a centain number of men in the several counties of

from the naval England, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy, against: service in deserters from his Majesty's naval service for England, and against:

texterui to this Persons harbouring or concealing deserters, and for billetting a<c^ officers and men, shall attach upon and be construed to comprehend the cases of persons enrolled in his Majesty's naval service in Scotland, and the officers commanding them, by virtue of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the expences incurred in the execution of this act in Scotland (including such gratifications for the trouble of the clerks of the peace, and other officers, who are respectively required to execute this act, as shall be deemed adequate for their trouble by the justices of the peace or sheriff depute, or substitute, or resident chief magistrate as aforesaid), shall be defrayed by the several counties, stewartries, burghs, towns, and places severally; and the collectors of the land tax in the several counties, stewartries, and burghs, are hereby empowered to assess and levy the said expence along with the land tax, according to the rules and proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That until the money to be raised by virtue of this act shall be actually recovered and paid in to the several collectors, that the respective collectors of land tax, out of the publick money in their hands, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to advance and pay such sums as may be necessary for payment of bounties to such persons as shall be approved of by the regulating officers.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said collectors

ct'iving mo- cf thecefs in the several counties, stewartries, burghs, and towns, ney under this,

Expences in executing this act t.o be defrayed by the respective counties.

Collectors of the land tax may advance bounties.

Persons re-

herein-before mentioned, and all other persons into whose hands money raised orcontributed under or in pursuance of this act shall be paid, shall be liable for the same as publick accountants % and all surplus money remaining, after satisfying the purposes of this act, shall be at the disposal of the of of his Majesty's

g.

W'"

ney

act to be liable as publick accountants.

Surplus mo-

the treafijr>, 5 to be applied in providing men for the augmentation

the treasury, of his Majesty's army or navy, in such manner as in their dif-&c. cretion shall seem expedient j and the usual process shall and may

issue for compelling an account and payment thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the collectors of the cel's within the said several countries, stewartries, cities, burghs, and towns, shall, cn or before the fifth day of April in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmit to the receiver general of the land tax in Scotland an account of the lums levied by them either for bounties to men actually raised, or for fines and penalties incurred in default of raising men in

y April 5,

797, the collectors of the cess to transmit accounts of money levied, and of balances in hand, to the

receiver gene- pursuance of this act, and dating what sums of money remain in ^ral offfie Und their hands unappropriated to the purposes herein-before directed.

land, who shall and the said receiver general shall forthwith transmit the said

respective

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 77

respective accounts so received as aforesaid, to the lords commis- forward them sioners of his Majesty's treasury, and each collector failing to j° the trea" transmit to the said receiver general the said accounts, shall per^jt incur the penalty of five hundred pounds sterling, such penalty Jool'

on col-

to be recovered by summary complaint before the court o» le&ors failing session, or by information in the court of exchequer, at the to transmit suit of his Majesty's advocate. accounts.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penahy of

in case of the death or insolvency of any collector of the cess, or^of collcc- any other person into whose hands money raised or contributed tors dying or under or in pursuance of this act, shall be paid, the heirs, execu- becoming tors, sureties, and representatives of the said collector, or other insolvent who persons aforesaid, shall, within forty days after the decease or days^de-1* insolvency, deliver in to the justices of peace, clerk, or town fiver anac-clerk respectively, as the case may be, of each county, stewartry, count of all city, royal burgh, or place respectively, an account, to the best of their knowledge and belief, of all. things done by such person £Jafed &c. insolvent or deceased, touching the execution of this act, and touching the render an account of all monies actually received and remaining execution of unpaid by any such collector or other person, levying and retaining any Turns levied and paid to them in pursuance of this act, and that under the penalty of five hundred pounds; to be sued for and recovered in like manner as is herein-before directed, in respect to the penalties which may be incurred by such collector neglecting to transmit to the receiver general of the land tax the accounts of the sums levied in pursuance of this act. 8

XXXI. And whereas the regulating officer appointed to receive and pass the men as above-mentioned, may not he able to go through the examination of such 7nen at the different places of rendezvous within his district, in the space of twenty days after the meeting of the heritors

for the purposes above-mentioned; be it enacted, That such regu- Regulating lating officer may intimate to the clerks of the peace of each county or stewartry, and chief residing magistrate of each burgh derks of the or town situated within his district, that he will be ready to peace and receive such men as they may have procured, at such particular chief mag if-place of rendezvous, and on such several successive days as h(e may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel without will he ready loss of time, and with all suitable dispatch, from one place of ren- to receive dezvous to another, in the several counties, burghs, towns, and other men: places, within his district; and the clerk of the peace shall forth- clerks of the with give notice to the minister of each parish within the county, Pea?e to give or, in his absence, to the precentor or session clerk of the same, ^niird-° of the place of rendezvous, and the particular day on which the fters when heritors of such parish are respectively to produce and deliver volunteers are over such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, or in default to be produc-thereof to be liable in the penalty of twenty-five pounds sterling pai^for each above-mentioned for each man of their quota deficient, to be man deficient: levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed; and the chief magis., jefident magistrate of each burgh or town is in like manner to trates to be produce and deliver over at such place of rendezvous, on such liable in 25l. day as the regulating officer shall notify, such volunteer or vo- ^hen lunteers apportioned on each, or in default thereof to be liable duced*" Pf°

7$ Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

as aforesaid in the penalty of twenty-five pounds for each rnan deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed. Mistake in -

XXXII. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of Geo. 3.0. 29 % IS Majestfs reign, intituled An act for raising a certain number redified. of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's navy, forty-nine men were appointed to be levied for the county of Viigtoun, and eighteen men for the town of Kilmarnock, both of which numbers were by mistake apportioned on the said county and town; be it therefore enacted, That on the said county furnishing, or proving itself to have furnished, twenty-three men, and the said town of Kilmarnock furnishing, or proving itself to have furnished, fix men, for the service of his Majesty's navy, as directed by the aforesaid act, they shall be discharged of all further claim upon them for any further number of men, or of ariy demand for penalties incurred for deficient men, beyond the said number of twenty-three men and fix men respectively. Limitation of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall actions. foe brought against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards.

be altered^or

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

repealed this this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts session. to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. VI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a proviftonalforce of cavalry, to be embodied^ in case cf necesstiy, for the def ence of these kingdoms.

[November it, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in the present conjuncture, that a body of cavalry should be enrolled, and kept in readiness to be called cut to actual service, whenever it fall be necessary, in order to prevent or repel any invasion that may be attempted by the enemies of the country: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common?, in this present parliament assembled, and One horse- by the authority of the same, That throughout that part of Great man and horse Britain called England, there shall be enrolled, for his Majesty's to be enrolled service, one horseman, clothed and furnished as herein after pre-horib^keptn ^cr*bed, and equipped with one able and sufficient mare or gelding, for riding or fit for military duty, for and in respect of every ten horses, mares, drawing a car- or geldings, kept for the purpose of riding, or for drawing any rkige, charged carriage, mentioned and described in several atfts of parliament of tot.ecuties t}ie twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and charged to the duties on horses, granted by the said acts, by any assessment made, or to be made, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix.

on horses granted by certain acts.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 79

fix, during the continuance of this act; the execution of which enrolment shall be in the manner directed by this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person who is or Every person shall be charged to the said duties, in manner aforesaid, for ten ^Yiorfe an i^ horses, mares, or geldings, shall provide for his Majesty's horseman for service in manner herein directed, one mare or gelding fit for every fitch military duty, for or in respect of such ten horses, mares, or geld- ten horses. ings, by him or her kept and charged as aforesaid; and in like manner one other such mare or gelding for or in respect of every ten horses, mares, or geldings, by him or her kept in addition to those before enumerated and charged as aforesaid; and shall also provide one able and sufficient horseman, cloathed in the manner directed by this act, in respect of every such mare or gelding by him or her to be provided for the purposes of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several persons herein- Persons 7<eep-before described, who are or shall be charged to the said duties in£ than in manner aforesaid, for any greater number of horses, mares, bTclassid^c)0-or geldings, than shall have been comprized in any enumeration gether, and to made in pursuance of the provisions of this act before-mentioned provide a (such greater number of horses, mares, or geldings, not amount- horse and Ing to ten additional horses, mares, or geldings), and also all every^en^other persons in that part of Great Britain, as aforesaid, who are or shall be respectively charged to the said duties in manner aforesaid, for any number less than ten horses, mares, or geldings in the whole, shall be classed together in manner herein after directed, and shall provide one mare or gelding (it for military duty, for and in respect of every class confiding of ten horses, mares, or geldings, by them respectively kept and charged as aforesaid; and shall also provide one able and sufficient horseman, cloathed as aforesaid, in respect of every mare or gelding by them respectively to be provided for the purposes of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenants County fieti-and deputy lieutenants, confKtuted and appointed in the several t^p; antts^0 counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain afore- fnto^xecu-said, and the justic.es of the peace of the same counties, ridings, tion at their and places, and such other persons as are authorised to meetings* carry into execution the militia laws'within their respective jurisdictions, shall at their respective general and subdivision meetings, carry this act into execution, in all matters -herein directed to be done; which general and subdivision meetings shall be holden for the purposes of this act, by the like persons, and in like manner, as such meetings are directed to be

holden by the laws relating to the militia! such meetings assembled for the purposes and the jurisdiction of this act,

shall extend to all places within their respective counties, ridings or subdivisions, in the manner directed and established by the said militia laws, and also to all extra-parochial places whatever, within the limits of their respective counties, ridings, or places.

V. And be it further enacted, That the first general meeting The first ge-of lieutenancy, in every county, riding, or place, within that neral meeting part of Great Britain as aforesaid, to be holden for the purposes of this act, shall be holden on a day, not later than fourteen w; thin i4Ciays

days

ing of this act.

Subdivision meetings to

Treasury may issue money to carry this act into execution.

So Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

after the pafiT- days after the passing of this act; and may be held in pursuance of previous adjournment, or by summons* in the manner directed by any law now in force relating to the militia forces* and shall be held from time to time, by adjournment, within seven days from the preceding meeting, until the full complement of men shall be enrolled by virtue of this act* and afterwards as occasion shall require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the subdivifiqfi meetings of lieutenancy shall be appointed by the first general meeting to

bC the'general Golden for the purposes of this act; and shall be holden on a

meetings. day not later than seven days after the first general meeting aforesaid; which meetings may be adjourned from time to time* in the manner directed by the laws relating to the said militia forces 5 and shall be holden from time to time* as often as the general meetings of lieutenancy shall direct, or oftenerif occasion shall require.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the of of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be advanced, all such sums of money as shall appear to them to be necessary for the purposes of this act, and to prevent delay in the execution thereof, to such persons, and in such manner, as to them shall seem expedient (to be replaced in the manner herein mentioned); and which sums so to be advanced, shall be employed in defraying the necessary expences in and about the execution of this act, in such particulars as the said of of the treasury shall order and direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall cause to be prepared a true schedule of the number of hoi fes, mares, or geldings, which have been, or shall be charged to the said several duties, by the last assessment which shall have been made at any time after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and of the names of the several persons respectively

laid before the keeping the same, and the number kept by each person; deferib-frK^onr'u01'* ^lere^n ^eir respective places of residence, and distinguishing -f* - each division wherein they were so respectively charged; and the said of of the treasury shall cause the same to belaid before the respective general meetings of lieutenancy for the respective counties, ridings, or places, where such afteirments have been made, at their first: meetings which shall be held after such lifts shall be prepared by the respective surveyors of the said duties, and to be by them verified on oath if required, (which oath the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace then there assembled, is hereby authorised to admini-Lieutenant, fter), and the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or justices of the tten°mber1D'1 peace, or in the absence of the lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, of^rerrto^e or justices of the peace, there attending, shall proceed to ascertain providedwith- and appoint the number of men to be provided within the prein epch sub- cind of each subdivision meeting of lieutenancy, in such county, riding, or place, and shall cause a true copy, signed and attested

by

Treasury shall cause a schedule of the number of horses charged by the last assessment after April 5, 1796, to be

division, and transmit to the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 81

by them respectively, of so much of the schedule delivered to clerks of the them by the respective surveyors of the said duties as relate to the several persons residing within the precind of each sub-division much of the meeting of lieutenancy, to be prepared, and the same to be trans- schedule as mitted to the respective clerks of such sub-division meetings, to relates the^e-be laid before the deputy lieutenants and justices assembled atto* their next sub-division meeting after such transmission.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person, liable to Penalty on the said duties on horses, shall not be rated and assessed to the full amount of what he or she ought and is liable to pay, and neglecting to shall neglect to deliver in a true lift of the greatest. number of deliver a list horses, mares, and geldings, kept by him or her at any time in ^mber^f the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred ilorfes ^pt by and ninety-six, for the space of ten days after "the passing of this them, &c, ad; or if any person, having began to keeprany horses, mares, or geldings, at any time since the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall, for the space of ten days after demand thereof made by any a fie (Tor or assessors, surveypr or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors of the fiJid duties, neglect to deliver in a true lilt, containing the greatest number of horses, mares, and geldings by him or her kept at any time since the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, so that the same may be inserted in an assessment to be made for the purposes of this act, every such person so neglecting, shall for- Such^not fe it and pay the sum of twenty pounds: provided always, That personfc> the delivery of such lilt shall not subject any person to the pay- more duty ment of any duty to which he or she was not liable before the than he was passing of this act: provided also, That the person delivering in ^iab>le to beany such lift shall be freed and discharged from all penalties orole* surcharges incurred by reason of any omission in any former lift j^to^-ee^be delivered before the pading of this act, or neglect in not delivering party from all such lift, and for the recovering of which no prosecution or penalties and proceeding was then had or co rmenced. surcharges.

X. And be it further enacted, That the above mentioned Mode of repenalty of twenty pounds by this act imposed, shall be recover- covrry^and^ able before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace the penalty of the county, riding, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeltion of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of every such penalty shall belong and be paid to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same, and the other moiety thereof shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general for the county wherein the offence shall be committed, to be applied to the purposes of chis ad; and in case of non-payment, Penalty may shall he levied by difhefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrapt under the hand and seal of such justice, and the overplus of the money raised, after deduding the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the Offendersmay owner or owners, and for want of sufficient distress the offender shall be sent by such justice to the prison of such county, riding, distress,

Voju XLI, Q city,

8z

Sub-division meetings to prepare lifts

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

city, liberty, town, or place, for such time not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such justice shall think most proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at the respective sub-division meetings to be held next after receiving the copy of such oKp^erfbns^ap- schedule as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants there assembled shall pearing to be cause to be prepared one lift, in writing, signed by them, or any chargeable for two of them, containing the names and places of residence of all or es* persons appearing by such copy to be respectively charged to the said duties for ten or more horses, mares, or geldings, and shall, by dfS^ncft enumerations of the horses, mares, or geldings, for which each person shall be so charged, as far as the same is practicable, each enumeration to consist of ten horses, mares, or geldings, in pursuance of the directions of this act, appoint the number of men, and also the number of mares or geldings, which each person inserted in such lift shall provide, in respect of the horses, mares, and geldings, so enumerated; and if after such enumeration made, any number of horses, mares, or geldings, less than ten, shall remain, then the said deputy lieutenants shall also insert the same in such lift; and the said deputy lieutenants shall also cause to be prepared another lift, containing the names and respective places of residence of the several persons herein-before described, who shall be respectively charged for any number of horses, mares, or geldings, not amounting to the number of ten, and which are not enumerated in the lift before mentioned, together with the number thereof; and also the names and respective places of residence of all other persons within the precinct of such sub-division meetings, who shall be charged as aforesaid for one horse, mare, or gelding, or for any number of horses, mares, or geldings, less than ten in the whole of such charge, together with the number thereof; and the names of all persons included in such last mentioned lift, shall be placed in distinest claftcs, with reference to the number of horles, mares, or geldings by them reflectively kept and charged as aforesaid; so that ten horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, shall be included in one class; and so that the name of any one person included in such last mentioned lift, shall not be inserted in two or more distinct cladles; and so that every person named in any such class, shall stand one chance in the bailot, herein after mentioned, for every horse, mare, or gelding, contained in such last mentioned lift, for which he or she is charged to the said V, after cl a if* duties: provided always, if after clafting the horses, mares, and geldings, charged as aforesaid, within the precinct of any sub-division meeting, any number of horses, mates, or geldings shall remain to be enumerated, an account of the same shall be carried i to some adjoining sub-division meeting in the county, riding, or an'accomft of P^ace> where the like result has taken place, and so toties quoties,

ing horses within any sub-division, any shall remain to be

them shall be carried to some adjoining fub di-viftoii.

until the whole number of horses, mares, or geldings, charged in such county, riding, or place, shall have been enumerated, as nearly as mav be, and the number of men enrolled in such county, riding, or place, may as nearly as poifible be in proportion to the

number

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 83

number of horses, mares, and geldings, charged to the said duties, throughout the whole county, riding, or place.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants Deputy lieu-who shall have prepared such lifts and classes, shall cause the same ten*n*s to to be fairly written and deposited in the hands of the clerics of tob^dep^sited their respective sub-division meetings, for the inspecftion of the with the clerks several persons charged to the said duties (who are hereby em- of the fub empowered to demand, at all seasonable hours, inspection of the yifion^meet-fa'me gratis), and shall appoint another meeting to be holden spe6fion» and within fourteen days then next ensuing, within and for the same appoint ano« -sub-division, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables ther meeting or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to the whoPare°to constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every provide horse-parish or place within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, men and wapentakes, or other divisions, of the time and place of the next sub-division meeting, and of the place where the lifts and dalles c*before described are deposited, and the times of inspecting the same; all which particulars shall be expressed in the order of the said deputy lieutenants 5 and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such appointment, shall cause the name of one person to be drawn, by bailot, out of every class; and every person whole name shall be so drawn, shall provide one horseman and one mare or gelding, as herein after described, for each class; and when the said draw- Lifts offering by ballot shall be finished, the said deputy lieutenants shall fons appoint-cause to be prepared one other lift, in which shall be inferred the balkttobe names of all the persons appointed as aforesaid, and also of all the prepared, and persons chosen by ballot as aforesaid, for the purposes of this act, notice given, distipgu ishing the cases in which any one person has been ap- them to attend pointed to provide two or more men, and in like manner with a meetin&» respect to the number of mares or geldings so to be provided; and shall appoint another meeting to be holden within and for the same sub-division, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to direct the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every pari 11) or place, to give notice to every person so appointed or chosen by ballot for the purposes of this a cl, to appear at such meeting, which notice shall be given or left at the place of his abode, at the time when such aftefifnent as aforesaid was made, at least seven days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall attend such meeting, and make a return, upon oath, of the times when such notice was served; and every person so appointed or chosen by ballot for Persons in the purpose aforesaid, shall, upon such notice, appear at such tending to meeting, and in case he shall intend to serve personally, shall)to take th-e there take the following oath; (videlicet), following

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful oat*L ' A and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George > and I

i dp swear that I am a Protestant; and that I will faithfully

Q 2 4 serve I

Vj O vJg IV

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

serve in the corps in which I am enrolled within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end thereof.'

and shall be enrolled.

Substitutes may be enrolled.

Persons ceaf-ing to keep hot les, to receive back a proportion of affdfments.

Certain persons exempted from duty.

Which oath may be administered by any one deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace then present; and every such person shall be enrolled to serve in the cavalry of such county, riding, or place as a private soldier, for the term of his enrolment by virtue of this act: provided always, That if any person so appointed or chosen by ballot shall produce a man, or men, as the case may require, of the same county in which the person appointed or chosen by ballot as aforesaid, is charged to the said duties as aforesaid, or of some next adjoining county, ab!evor fit for service in the cavalry, and who shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants and justices, or any two or more of them, such men so produced and approved, shall and may be respectively enrolled as substitutes to the person so appointed or chosen by ballot to serve in the cavalry of such county, riding, or place, as private soldiers, for the term of such enrolment by virtue of this act; and every man enrolled as a substitute shall take the oath hereinbefore prescribed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants, at any sub-division meeting to be held as aforesaid, at any time during the continuance of this adit, that any person in any such class as aforesaid, has at any time, bona fide, ceased to keep any horse, mare, or gelding, or such number of horses, mares, or geldings for which he shall have been charged by such assessment as aforesaid, and shall have remained during the whole interval without any horse, mare, or gelding, liable to duty in lieu of the former, then such person shall be allowed by certificate from the said deputy lieutenants, to receive back such a part of the whole sum which shall have been paid by him or her towards the assessments to be raised by virtue of this adit, as shall be proportioned to the interval of time during which he shall have been bona fide without any horse, mare or gelding, or number of horses, mares, or geldings, in respect of which he shall have been charged to such assessment, or any mare or gelding, or mares or geldings, in lieu thereof.

XIV". Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall serve as a commissioned officer in any regiment,

troop, or company, in his Majesty's other forces, or in the militia raised by virtue of any add; or acts now in force, or to be passed in this session of parliament, or in any volunteer corps raised by virtue of any such act or adds of parliament, and who shall have been enrolled therein before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, of shall have offered themselves and been accepted before the said twentieth day of October to serve upon vacancies which shall have happened, or who shall, at his or her expence, furnish a horse for any per-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 85

Ton serving in any such corps as aforesaid; nor any person who shall serve in any one of his Majesty's castles or forts; nor any non-commissioned officer or private man serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, or in the militia, by himself or substitute, or in any such volunteer corps as aforesaid; nor any person being a resident member of either of the universities; nor any clergyman; nor any teacher of any private congregation; nor any persons adfcing in a medical capacity, who, on account of their-circumstances, in the opinion of two deputy lieutenants, shall be esteemed fit to be exempt from the service required by this act; nor any constable or other peace officer serving for any parish or place; nor any person having been, or being before or on the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an articled clerk, or apprentice; nor any seaman, or sea-faring man; nor any person mustered, trained, and doing duty, or employed, in any of his Majesty's docks or dock yards for the service thereof; or employed and mustered in his Majesty's service in the tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several gun wharfs, or at the several powder mills, powder magazines, or other storehouses, belonging to his Majesty, under the direction of the board of ordnance; nor any person being free of the company of watermen of the river Thames^ and who reffectively shall not be charged to the said duties for more than one horse, mare, or gelding, shall be liable to provide any man or men, or any mare*or gelding, or mares or geldings, for his Majesty's service in pursuance of this act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no officer Further ex-of his Majesty's army, or of the militia whilst in actual fervfce, crapt101* shall be 1 fable to provide any man or men, or any mare or gelding, mares or geldings, in pursuance of this act, in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, or any number of horses, mares, or geldings, kept by such officer within the number allowed to receive forage by his Majesty's regulations.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if in any How horses class of persons to be made out as aforesaid, the person on whom aP: to^Pro' the lot shall fall shall not be actually possessed of any mare or person on^gelding, or if the mare or gelding which he shall provide shall whom the not be approved of at a mutter to be taken in pursuance of this lot falls shall act, then any other person in the same class shall be at liberty to have no horse, provide a mare or gelding to serve for such class, and to receive the 2l T*?, 01 e

1 r'P, &, r r r, 1 flail DOt be

compensation to be allowed for extra expences for such mare or approved of.

+gelding; and if no person in the same class shall provide a mare or gelding to serve for such class, which shall be approved as aforesaid, then a mare or gelding shall be provided by the person so ballotted, who shall be allowed in respect thereof such sum of money as shall be settled by the deputy lieutenants, at a sub-division meeting of lieutenancy of the same county, riding, or place, to be a fair compensation to such person for the same, which compensation the deputy lieutenants acting in the division where such ballot shall have been made, shall demand from the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby required

Where any allowance is

86 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

to pay the same out of the monies in his hands of the Turns raised by virtue of this act; and if he shall not have sufficient of the said money, then to pay the same out of the duties before-mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for affairs of taxes, and the same shall be allowed to such receiver general in his accounts; and such sum so received shall be paid by the said deputy lieutenants to the person entitled to receive such compensation as aforesaid; and the sum so settled for such compensation as aforesaid, shall be added to the last assessment of the several persons contained in the same class to the duties on horses, in proportion to the number belonging to them respectively, and levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein contained.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any allowance as aforesaid shall have been made to any person in vidirv^Thorfe" any c^s as a*ore^ai(^ on whom the lot shall have falien, in order it shall remain to enable him to provide a mare or gelding for the service rein the care of quired by this act, such mare or gelding shall remain in the care the person of the person providing the same, subject to the regulations and w<T(han de- con*c*ons of t*ls; but such person shall be bound at any liver it upinatime, within one month after the conclusion of the war, to deli miied time, liver such mare or gelding to any person authorised by any two or be liable to or more deputy lieutenants of the sub-division within which such person resides, or shall on default forfeit and lose a sum which shall at lea'd be equal to the sum before received by such person, and so as not to exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds to be SuT horses added to the assessment of such person for the said duties, and to to be disposed he accounted for together with the duties therein contained; and of, and the such deputy lieutenants shall cause such mare or gelding to be price p, ?dto disposed of to the bess advantage, and the price received for the generaf oYthe ^amc to b° p-dd over to the receiver general of the county, to be county. applicable to the purposes of this act.

Inferior offi-

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That noinfe-

cers of excise keeping a horie for the performance of their duty exempted.

officer of excise, who shall not be charged to the said duties

for more than one horse, mare, or gelding, and who shall make it appear to the satis faction of the deputy lieutenants at any such sub-division meeting as aforesaid, or any two or more of them, that he is obliged by the regulations or orders of his superior officer of excise to keep such horie, mare, or gelding for the necessary performance of his duty as such officer, shall be liable to provide any man, or any mare or gelding, for his Majesty's service in pursuance of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if in any class of persons to be made out as aforesaid, there shall be no person, who in the opinion of the deputy lieutenants at a sub-division meeting fe rvice, he on of lieutenancy of the same county, riding, or place, shall be fit 'v|: 0^lot for military service, then the person on whom the lot shall first vhle n Vub; fi- be bound to provide a substitute, who shall be approved

tutv.for which by such deputy lieutenants, and such person shall be allowed in he shall be ah respect thereof such sum of money as shall be settled by such de-(l 1 rom' puty lieutenants to be a fair compensation to such person for the same,

If in ar\y ftafs there shall be no person fit for military

In-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 87

same, which compensation the said deputy lieutenants shall demand from the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby required to pay the same out of the monies in his hands of the sums raised by virtue of this act, and if he shall not have sufficient of the said money, then to pay the same out of the duties before mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the com mill! oners for the affairs of taxes, and the same shall be allowed to such receiver general in his accounts, and such sum so received shall be paid by the said deputy lieutenants to the person entitled to receive such compensation as aforesaid; and the sum so settled/or such compensation as aforesaid shall be added to the last: assessment of the several persons contained in the same class to the duties on horses, in proportion to the number belonging to them respectively, and levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the several Clerks of sub-sub-division meetings shallj and they are hereby respectively re- 5^ quired to transmit to the lieutenant, or to the general meeting mjt al) ac> of the lieutenancy, of the county, riding, or place, an account, count of the in writing, of the number of men enrolled by virtue of this act men enrolled, within their respective sub-divisions, their respective ages, de- comolement scriptions, and places of residence, and whether they act as prin- be not enrol-ciples or substitutes; and if the full complement of men who led, the ex-ought to be enrolled in any sub-division shall not be enrolled, eruptions then the said clerks shall ft ate, in their account, the number of £0 I exemptions claimed and allowed in such sub-division, and the rritted to the number and amount of fines imposed on persons appointed or privy council, chosen by ballot for not being enrolled, or for not finding substitutes to be enrolled, and every other cause or occasion of default to the heft of his knowledge; which accounts, or true copies thereof, shall be, as soon as conveniently may be, transmitted to his Majesty's privy council; and the lord lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of lieutenancy, may direct and order a new appointment to be made, or a new ballot to be taken, from and amongst the persons making such default, as if no appointment had been made or ballot taken with respect to those persons.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every person shall be Persons liable liable to the service required by this act, in the parish or place in

where such person is charged to the said duties upon horses by the where charged last: assessment made after the said fifth day of April one thousanb by the last seven hundred and ninety-six, and before the passing-of this add:, assessments although he or she may have removed from the place of charge ^nd if since the making of the said assessment; and if any person shall charged in be so charged to the said duties in two or more places, then he more than one or (lie shall be liable to the said service in the place where he or place, liable to file shall be charged, for the greatest number of horses, mares, fei^ve in that or geldings; and certificates of such person being charged in such fQr the other place or places, specifying the number of horses, mares, or eft number, geldings, for which he or she is rated, shall be transmitted to the &c. general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or place,

88 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6, [1796.

wherein the said service is hereby required, by the commissioners who shall have made such assessment, in order that the same may be added to the assessment made in the place where such service, s wIfere^ reclu*rec^ ? a*to the c^er^ of the sub-division meeting

{iableVo serve where such person shall be returned as being liable to the said to be granted, service there, shall, if such person requires the same, grant gratis. certificate, gratis, under his hand, that such return has been made.

Persons charged

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

in more any person liable to the service required by this act, shall be than one place, J r,

mav elett in charged in two or more places for the saul duties on hories, it

shall be lawful for such person to elect in which place he or she shall be returned as liable to the service required by this act; and to give to the of of the land tax of the respective divisions, and also to the deputy lieutenants of the respective sub-divisions of the county, riding, or place wherein he or she is charged, notice, in writing, of the place wherein he or she intends to perform such service; and certificates, in the manner before directed, shall be transmitted to the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or place, where such return ought to be made, by the commissiorters who shall have made any assessment in such other place or places respectively, in order'. that the same may be added to the assessment made in the place where such service shall be required, and of which notice shall be so given as aforesaid.

Men deemed

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be trolled by virtue of this ac % who is not, in the opinion of the other persons, major Part of the deputy lieutenants present at the sub-division meeting at the time appointed for enrolment, such an able bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty; or who, in the opinion of the major part of such deputy lieutenants, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of fifty years; nor any articled clerk or apprentice as aforesaid, (unless with the consent of the master of such clerk or apprentice); nor any person infilled in any of his Majesty's forces, or entered in his Majesty's navy, or in any volunteer corps raised by virtue of the said act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and who shall have been enrolled thereih before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every man who shall be enrolled by virtue of this ac>, shall be furnished with, and shall appear, in every day of muster, in a suitable dress for a pri-icju vate soldier of cavalry; which dress shall be provided by himself,

point' d by his if he shall serve as a principal, or if he shall serve as a substitute, Majesty, Scc» then by the person for whom he shall so serve, according to the pattern of dress which shall be fixed and settled at a general meeting of lieutenancy for the county, riding, or place, where the persons shall respectively serve, and which shall have been approved of by his Majesty; and the said general meetings of lieutenancy shall 2nd are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make

not to be enrolled.

Men enrolled to appear-dressed according to a

+ an.

y, moil nicy

will serve, and give notice accordingly.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 89

make necessary regulations respecting the same, and for the appearance of the men on the days of mutter, according to the orders established by law for the militia forces; which regulations, being approved of by his Majesty, shall be of the same force, as if the regulations had been set down and enacted in and by this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no mare or gelding No horse to

shall be admitted at any mutter, unless the same shall be of the admitted

height of fourteen hands and two inches, nor unless the same be, a cer^-

in- the opinion of the officer of mutter, fit for military duty, and tain height, provided with sufficient furniture, according to such regulations &c«

as shall have been established at a general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his Majesty,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any man enrolled Penalty on by virtue of this act, shall wilfully neglect to appear at every day men enrolled of mutter appointed by virtue thereof, or shall not appear in the proper dress provided for him as aforesa'.d, or shall not, in the every mutter

opinion of the persons authorised to take the mutter, have kept day, See.

the same with due care; and if no reasonable excuse be given by such man for such neglect, every such man shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five shillings, which shall be deducted out of the first money which he shall be entitled to receive, whether as allowance, pay, or otherwise, by virtue of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person who Penalty on

shall be enrolled to serve as a principal in the said service, and men enrolled every substitute not having obtained his discharge in manner q! fu^ttitiites' herein-before directed (and not labouring under any infirmity^appearing incapacitating them respectively), who shall not appear at the place at the place of appointed for mutter according to the directions of this aCr, be- mutter before fore such mutter shall be completely taken, and the men dittn idled ^earin1* a?1 therefrom, or who shall not appear at the time and place appointed^ptime and for assembling the men of such county, riding, or place, in pur- place (or ah fuance of his Majesty's warrant, for calling out and embodying femblmgwhen the same, notices thereof respectively having been published as this and

act requires, shall, if not taken, or not having furrenciered within the which may space of twenty-four hours after the time appointed for such their levied by disappearances as aforesaid according to the directions of this act, for- tress.

feit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, for which such person shall have been appointed to serve, and all such penalties before-mentioned shall be levied by distress and side of the goods and chattels of the person guilty of such offence, by warrant of any one justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and where sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found to answer the said penalty, then to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of twelve.calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person ap- Penalty on

pointed to provide any man or men for the said service, shall persons ap-

wilfully pomted to wmu'v provide men.

who neglect to provide clod thing and hori'e furniture:

penalty on any person chosen by ballot to provide a man, for a like default before the first muster, and on the class, for not providing them before the next muster.

Penalty on persons appointed or chosen by ballot to provide men, who ill all not appear to be enrolled, or provide substi-tllteS.

Penalty on ptrforis, appointed to

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

wilfully neglect to provide fuicable cloathing, according to the directions of this act, or to provide proper furniture for each and every mare or gelding to be kept by him or her, for the purposes of this act, (before the first muster of men to be had in the sub-division where he or fbe is charged to the said duties), to be used at every successive muster to be had under this act, every such person shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to be added to the assessment of such person, and to be levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained, in the manner herein directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen by ballot to provide any man for the said service, shall neglect to provide suitable cloathing, according to the directions of this act, or to provide proper furniture for the mare or gelding to be kept by him or her for the purposes of this act, before the first muster of men to be had in the subdivision where he or (lie is charged to the said duties, to be used at every successive muster as aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, which sum shall be added to the assessment of such person, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained \ and if after default so made, the several persons composing the same class, with the person so making default, shall not, before the next muster to be had after notice in writing given of such default, provide and produce proper cloathing and furniture to be used as aforesaid, then the several persons composing that class shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty shillings; which sum shall be assessed upon them rateably in proportion to the number of horses, mares, and geldings, included in that class for which each such person is charged to the said duties; and the said several proportions of such fine shall be added to their respective assessments, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein respectively contained.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person appointed or chosen by bailot, by virtue of this act, to provide one man for the said service, shall willfully, and without any reasonable excuse, to be allowed as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to appear and take the said oath, and be enrolled to serve in the cavalry, according to the directions of this act, or to provide a substitute who shall be approved of, and who shall take the said oath and be enrolled as a substitute j or if any person appointed by virtue of this act to provide two or more men for the said service, shall refuse or neglect to provide men, either by personal service for one of such men, or by a substitute for each man to be provided, who shall respectively be approved of, and take the said oath and be enrolled as aforesaid; every person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay, for and in respect of each man so to be provided, the sum of fifteen pounds; which fine and penalty shall be added to the last assessment of such person, and shall be levied and accounted for together with the duties contained therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person appointed by virtue of this act to provide any mare or gelding, dr

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 91

any number of mares or geldings, for the said service, shall wil- provide hor-

fully and without anyreasonable excule, to be allowed as aforesaid,

refijfe or neglect to provide the full complement of mares or geld- maintain and

ingsbyhim or herappointed to be provided, which shall respectively produce them

be approved at a mutter to be taken in pursuance of this act; or fit for military

+having provided such mare or gelding, or such number of mares or geldings, shall neglect or refuse to maintain and keep his or her full complement of mares or geldings, so appointed to be provided, and to produce the same in a condition fit for military duty, to be approved at every successive muster to be taken in pursuance of this act, before such time as the said forces shall be actually embodied, every such person shall, for every mare or gelding, of which default shall be made as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be added to the last assessment of such person, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Penalty ott chosen by ballot to provide any mare or gelding for the said service, persons cho-shall refuse or neglect to provide a mare or gelding which shall [^provide* be approved of at a mutter to be taken in pursuance of this acte, or horse, for a having provided such mare or gelding shall neglect or refuse to like default maintain and keep a mare or gelding, and to produce the same before embo* in a condition fit for military duty, to be approved at every fuc- fjr's cettive muster to be taken in pursuance of this act, before such OT1 the* class, time as the said forces shall be actually embodied, every such ifnotpro- person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which lum vided within shall be added to the Jaft assessment of such person, and levied notice of such and accounted for together with the duties therein contained; default, Sec. and if after default so made, the several persons composing the same class with the person fv making default, shall not, within the space of fourteen days after notice in writing given of such default, provide and produce a mare or gelding at every successive mutter to be taken in pursuance of this act, in a condition fit for military duty, to be approved as aforesaid and maintain and keep the same according to the directions of this act, then the several persons composing that class shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifteen pounds, which sum shall be assessed upon them rateably in proportion to the number of mares or geldings included in that class for which each such person is charged to the said duties, and the said several proportions of such fine shall be added to their last respective aflettments, and levied and accounted for together with the duties thetein rel'pedlively contained.

XXXIII. Provided also, 2nd be it further enacted, That if Penalty on any person, providing any mare or gelding at any mutter which vfdbi^horse shall not be approved by the deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, shall not approved, have been possessed at the time of any other mare or gelding, and potH-lfed mares or geldings, fit for service, and shall not, within fourteen of one fit for days from the time of the mare or gelding provided by him or ^ho^llidlnot her being rejected, have provided another mare or gelding which provide a fit shall be approved, such person, on proof that he or she had in his one in a limit-or her poli'ettien, a mare or gelding, marcs or

geldings.

which ed Ume.

92

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

frail appear to the satisfaction of two or more deputy1 lieutenants to have been at the time actually fit for service, shall forfeit and lose such sum of money as shall be fixed by any two or more deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, not exceeding the sum of twenty-five pounds for each mare or gelding of which default shall be made, to be added to the assessment of such person, and accounted for together with the duties therein contained.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person enrolled to serve by virtue of this act as a substitute, at any time before he shall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give notice in writing of his intention to resign to any one or more of the deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, for the sub-division for which fie shall serve; and such de-on the princi- puty lieutenant or justice of the peace, shall issue a summons to pal producing the person or persons for whom such substitute shall have served, to appear at the next meeting to be holden for such sub-division, and to produce another substitute, who shall be approve.!, and shall be enrolled and sworn as aforesaid, and thereupon the person so resigning shall be entitled to his discharge, and which shall be made out in writing under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace, provided that no person who shall upon his enrolment have received any money or other consideration for his service from the person or persons for whom he shall serve, shall be entitled to his discharge until the full sum or value so received shall be repaid and satisfied: provided also, that all arms, accoutrements, cloathing or materials whatever, shall be delivered up in good condition before such discharge

Substitutes, before ordered to be drawn out, may give notice of intention to resign, and shall be discharged, accin

another substitute, See

When muf-ters shall be had.

shall be granted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That musters of the men

enrolled by virtue of this act, shall be had from time to time within each sub-division of every county or riding, at such times, and at such places, as shall be fixed at any general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his Majesty; of which times and places notice shall be given, by publick advertisement, in some newspaper usually circulated in the same county or riding, fourteen days before the time of such rnufter; and if any person enrolled by virtue of this shall wilfully absent himself from such rnufter by the space of one hour after the time appointed for taking the same, every such person shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings, to be deducted out of the first money which such person shall be entitled to receive, Persons so ab- whether as allowance, pay, or otherwise, by virtue of this act; be^dhchTrged anc* t^ie ^eutenant of the county, riding, or place, with the con-and others J 'r, k A"l

Penalty for absenting from rnufter.

sent of the deputy lieutenants of the sub-division where such person shall have been enrolled, may discharge such person, and dire# another person to be chosen in his place.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants of every sub-division of any county or riding, and the ^ffn^them commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independant for neglect, company, or such officer or officers as his Majesty shall have appointed

chosen.

Who shall rnufter the men enrolled

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 93

pointed for that purpose, or any two or more of them, shall muster the men enrolled by virtue of this act, within their respective sub-divisions, in such manner as may by law be used in mustering the militia forces; and all fines imposed on any person enrolled for any neglect: of duty in any matter relating to such muster, shall be ordered, adjudged, and imposed by the said deputy lieutenants, commanding officer, or other officer or officers aforesaid, or any two of them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the like penalties The penalties and forfeitures as are directed to be inflicted against persons be-

longing to his Majesty's army, for causing themselves to be army to ex> falsely mustered, or against persons for procuring the same to be tend to the* done, or for aiding or assisting them therein, by any law now in act. force, or hereafter to be passed for pun idling mutiny and desertion in respect of his Majesty's army, shall extend to every person enrolled by virtue of this act, who shall be guilty of the like offence or offences, their procurers, aiders, and abettors, respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the general Meetings of meetings of lieutenancy in the several counties, ridings and places lieutenancy in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall cause to be pre- tain^ftniutes" pared an estimate of the allowance to be made for providing a man

to attend the general musters, and of cloathing such man according to the directions of this act, and what ought reasonably to be allowed to the persons providing such mares or geldings for the said service, for any extra expences to be incurred in providing furniture, maintaining and keeping such mares or geldings, for the space of one year, which such persons would not be subject to if such mares or geldings were not provided for such service, and shall settle and determine at what times such allowances shall be made; and every person who shall be appointed or chosen by Persons pro-ballot to provide any man, or any mares or geldings, for the purpose aforesaid, and who shall duly conform to the regulations entitled*to of this act, shall be entitled to receive the full allowance so set-settled tied; and the deputy lieutenants within their respective divisions allowance, shall demand from the receiver general of the county, riding, or Deputy lieu-place, all such sums of money as shall become due in respedi of tenant^to^re-the men, and also the mares and geidiogs, provided within such^ue f0' division, for the use of the persons providing the same respecti vdy, allowances to be paid to them at such times as shall be fixed and settled by the from the re-^said general meetings of lieutenancy; which sums such receivers ^e*vtTgeneral, general are hereby required, from time to time, during the eon-tinuance of this act, until the men enrolled by virtue of this act shall be called out and embodied by virtue of the powers hereby given to his Majesty, on demand, to pay, on the production of the certificate of the conformity to the regulations of this act, signed by the officer or officers of muster appointed by virtue of this act, taking a proper receipt or receipts for the same, out of the monies in his hands of the sums raised by virtue of this act; and if he shall not have sufficient of the said money, then to pay

the

94

Clerk of general meetings to transmit an account of allowances, &c. and fines, to the of of the land taxfor the county, who shall insert the fines in the aftefT-ments, and charge the persons liable to provide men and horles, in proportion to the number of horles kept, &c.

Application of assessments paid to the receiver general.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

the same out of the duties before-mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and all such payments shall be allowed to such receivers general in their accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the general meetings of lieutenancy in any county, riding, or place, shall, and he is hereby required to transmit a true account of the allowances to be made to the several persons before-mentioned, on account of their providing any man or men, or any mare or gelding, or any mares or geldings, for the said service, to the of of the land tax for the same county, riding, or place, within their respective divisions; which accounts shall contain the names and places of residence of all such persons who are charged to the said duties in respect of any horses, mares, or geldings, together with the number thereof kept by them respectively within those divsions, and also the names and places of residence of persons exempted from the provisions of this act; and shall also, from time to time, transmit an account of all fines imposed on any person or persons by virtue of this act; and the said of shall cause the said fines to be inserted in the assessments for the then current year, and the persons so fined to be respectively charged therewith; and shall also cause all the persons, within their divisions liable to provide men, and mares or geldings, as aforesaid, for the said service, to be assessed in proportion to the number of horses, mares, and geldings by them respectively kept, and charged to the said duties, towards payment of the allowances to be made to the several persons before-mentioned, for providing such men and horses for such service, which assess-menrs shall be added to the assessments of the said duties upon horses, and shall include all allowances to be made from the passing of this until and upon the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards for one whole year from the fifth day of April yearly during the continuance of this act, until the men enrolled by virtue of this act shall be drawn out and embodied; and the same shall be paid on the usual quarterly days of payment during such time as the men enrolled by virtue of this act shall continue to be muttered in pursuance of tin's or until they shall be drawn out and embodied; and if any sum inserted in such assessment shall not have become payable at the expiration of this act, or when the men enrolled by virtue of this act shall be drawn out and embodied, such lum shall be (truck out of such assessment by the said respective of.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all monies raised by assessment by virtue of this act, and paid into the hands of the.receiver general of the county, riding, or place, shall be applied, in the first place, to reimburse such receiver general the monies paid by him out of the produce of the said duties upon horses, or any other duties herein mentioned, and in the next place towards paying the allowances directed to be made to persons providing the military, force to be raised by virtue of this act in the manner herein

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 95

directed, and afterwards towards reimbursing the monies directed to be advanced by the of of the treasury towards the expences of executing this abi; and if any monies stall remain, the same shall be applied towards providing men., and mares or geldings, for the service required by this act, in any* case where default shall be made in providing the same according to the directions herein-before contained; and any surplus remaining when the men shall be drawn out and embodied, and not wanted for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the respective regiments or troops, and be applied as part of the regimental stock.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time before If before the

the men shall be called out and embodied, according to the men be called

directions of this act, it shall appear, to any two or more deputy hodied^i^shall

lieutenants or justices assembled at any sub-division meeting, that appear that

any person appointed or chosen by ballot to provide for the said any are unfit

military service, and tendering himself to serve, or any person kiwice,

tendered as a substitute for the said service, or if it shall appear to vision meeting

the officer or officers appointed to npufter the men to be raised may refuse to

by virtue of this act, that any person, although sworn and en- enrol them';

rolied, is unfit for military service, or that after enrolment such and the muf-

person is become unfit for military service, it shall be lawful for

K r., ., in- r 1 may oifcharge

the said deputy lieutenants, and justices, or any two of them, them, and an-

assembled at such sub-division meeting, to refuse such man to be other appoint-

enrolled, and for the officer or officers appointed to muster the ment or ballot

said men, at such muster to discharge such man from service; ma e'

and the deputy lieutenants and justices assembled at any meeting

within the same sub-division shall and they are hereby required to amend the list and enrolment, as the case may require, and to cause another appointment to be made upon the person before appointed to the same service, or another ballot to be taken from the same class, according to the circumstances of the case, and as if no former appointment had been made or ballot been had.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Fines (except forfeitures, to be imposed by virtue of this act, for any breach of a

the regulations thereof, which are hereby directed to be added to rafter) shall the respective assessments of the said duties on horses, (except be adjudged such fines as shall be imposed at a muster had under this 26! in at sub-dmfion manner before directed), shall be ordered, adjudged, and imposed, ^h^are^o at the respective sub-division meetings of the county, riding, or be added to place, where such offences shall be committed, by the deputy affic-fTments of lieutenants and justices there attending, or any tw'Q or more of duties oa them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the same; the

and all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are hereby comnuffiotv r& directed to be added to the respective assessments of the said duties of the land on horses, shall, as soon after adjudication thereof as may be convenient, be certified by the deputy lieutenants and others hereby empowered to adjudge the same, under the hands and ieals of any two or more of them respectively to the of of the land tax of the division where the person against whom the same is directed to be levied is charged to the said, duties on

96 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

horses; and such of shall, on receipt of any such certificate, cause the fine or fines contained therein, to be added 1 to the then last assessment of such person for the said duties on horses, and to be levied in the manner, and under the like powers, as the duties on horses may be levied by any law now in force.

Lifts of per-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all lifts'of persons ap-vide men^and l30'ntec^ 01 c ^en ^7 ballot to provide men for the said service, of daffies*to an<^ of composing the same, ' shall be carefully tran-

be transcribed scribed into a book to be prepared by order of every sub-division

into a book, meeting of lieutenancy, and kept by the clerk of such meetings; thecleiL^of anc^at: orders, regulations, and proceedings of such meet-

sub-division ings, and alf° the general meetings of lieutenancy, made in meetings; as pursuance of this act, shall also be carefully transcribed into a also all their book or books to be prepared by order of such meetings respect and f*the*S> ^veLv' an(^ kept by the respective clerks thereof; which books

general shall be open to the inspection of any person aiTefied to the said

meetings of duties on horses, within the same county, riding, or shire, at all lieutenancy, seasonable times, paying sixpence, and no more, for each inspec-k1 /v tlon 5 an^ t^lat no order, adjudication, or proceeding whatever,

HOl DC 1 llulCCl /- i r-\ r \

to appeal. °* any general meeting, or iub-aivmon meeting or lieutenancy, holden in pursuance of this act, shall be subject to appeal, nor to be removed by Certiorari, or other writ or process, into any court whatsoever.

His Majesty

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for men enrobed6 L^aje^y to cause the men enrolled by virtue of this act, to be to be drawn drawn out and embodied at such times, and in such manner, and out and em- under the like regulations and restrictions, as the augmentation bodied, as the to the militia forces to be raised by virtue of any act to be passed in augmentation t^js session of parliament, may be drawn out and embodied; and forces.ml 1^ft shall lawful for his Majesty to form the men enrolled for any county, riding, or place, when so drawn out and embodied, into a regiment, or into battalions or troops, as shall seem most ex-Lieutenants, pedient; and for the lieutenant, or general meeting of lieute-&C. with his nancy, in such county, riding, or place, to be holden as herein ^'^bation^'s c^re^ec^ w^h the approbation of his Majesty, at any time after may appoint ftje passing of this act, to appoint officers and non-commi flioned officers and officers to the command of such regiment, battalions, or troops, non-commis- under the like rules and regulations as areestablished with respect tLe1forr^re^S, to cava'r7 of h*8 Majesty's forces, such officers being respectbeing quali- lively qualified in the manner required by the laws relating to the fied as in the militia; and in case when the men so enrolled shall be embo-militia; or died, a sufficient number of officers so qualified shall not have arm^or such J?een appointed, or cannot be found to accept^tommissions in such. as'hav^re- regiments, battalions, or troops, it shall be lawful for the lieute-tired from it, nant, or general meeting of lieutenancy aforesaid, with the ap-or the militia, probation of his Majesty, to appoint for that service such a number of the officers in the army, whether on full or on half pay, or of persons who have had commissions in any of his Majesty's forces, or in the militia, and have retired therefrom, although not duly qualified as aforesaid,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. 97

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That The men en-

neither the whole or any part of the men enrolled by virtue of this !*0^ec* not to - n M J 1, ., c be ordered out

act:, shall on any account be carried or ordered to go out of Of Great Bri-!

Great Britain, tain.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from the date of his When drawn Majesty's warrant for drawing out and embodying the forces to outandembo-be raised by virtue of this act, the officers and private men shall be and°^ entitled to the same pay as the officers and private men of his men to re_ Majesty's other regiments of cavalry receive, and no other; and ceive the same if any non-commissioned officer or private man of any such regi- PaYas in other ment, battalion, or troop, shall be maimed or wounded in actual cavXv^and service, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea, the non-com. hospital with any non-commissioned officer or private man be- missioned of-longing to any of his Majesty's other forces; and if any mare or fibers and gelding shall die or be maimed or wounded in actual service, the t(> Chelsea proprietor thereof shall have a reasonable allowance for the same, hospital. by the certificate of the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, where such mare or gelding had or then Allowance to served, to be directed to the deputy lieutenants of the fub division be made for where such mare or gelding was provided, which the said com- cr^n actual manding officer is hereby empowered and required to grant, and service. which allowance shall not in any case exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds, and which shall be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, out of any monies in his hands arising by virtue of this act, or of the said duties on horses, or of any other duties under the management of the said of of taxes, in the manner herein directed in respect to other payments to be made by such receivers general.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from the day ap- When the pointed by his Majesty's warrant for drawing out the men, en- dr^out rolled by virtue of this act, into actual service, all the rules, into actual regulations, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, established by an service, the act of the last session of parliament, for punishing mutiny and utin^act desertion, and for the better payment of the army and its quar- to^them.60 ters, or which shall be established by any act to be pasted in this or any future session of parliament for the like purpose, during the continuance of this a cl, shall extend and be applied, and be construed to extend and be applied, to the men enrolled by virtue of this act, as fully and amply as to any other of his Majesty's forces.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ^Ped^for any person enrolled by virtue of this act may, at any time before Qeu°ie

he shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, enlist him- may enlist in self in any regiment of his Majesty's regular forces; but that no the regular such enlist ment shall be valid without the content of the deputy forces> with lieutenants of the sub-division where such person shall be enrolled, two^eputy ° or any two of them, in writing under their hands and seals; lieutenants, in which case another person shall be provided in the room of the and others to person so enlisted, according to the directions of this ai5t. be Provided.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks Clerks of the

of the general meetings of lieutenancy, the clerks of the respect geneJal Vol.XLI. H' C, emeetings, &c.

98 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

to be reward- tive sub-divisions of lieutenancy, of the commissioners of the Cfit aiieutede" ^anc^ tax> con^a^€?i anc* other officers who are hereby respectpants shall tively required to execute this act, in any of the particulars

think proper, herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to by the re- the satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants assembled at their re- ceivergeneral. fpC(qjve sub-division meetings, shall have and receive such rewards, and no other, for their care and trouble in and about the executing of this act, and for their respective expences and charges in the same, as the said deputy lieutenants shall judge the said clerks, officers, and other persons, to have deserved; and the said deputy lieutenants shall, after allowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, out of any money in his hands of the assessments levied by virtue of this act, whether the same shall have been levied as fines, or for the expences in providing a military force; and if such receiver general shall not have sufficient money in his hands of the said assessments to pay the same, then such receiver general may pay the same out of any monies in his hands of the said duties on horses, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes: provided always, That all monies of the said duties under the management of the said of, which any receiver general shall pay in pursuance of this act, shall be reimbursed to him by and out of the first monies that shall come to his hands of the assessments levied by virtue of this act.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, at any general or sub-division t^quire^th?3^ meeting of lieutenancy, or any two or more of them respectively attendance of present at such meetings, from time to time, to issue their order peace officers: or warrant, under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of the high constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of the peace, at such time and place as in such order or warrant shall be expressed; and if any such officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to comply with such orders and directions as he or they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively, they, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, at their discretion, to fine such person or persons in any sum, not exceeding twenty pounds nor less than forty shillings, to be applied towards defraying any expences incurred in the execution of this act; and in case of nonpayment within thirteen days, to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept for the space of one month without bail ormainprize.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to their warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, in like manner,

and

Receiver general to be re imbursed out of the first assessment.

General or sub-division

penalty on such officers for neglect of duty.

4 Geo. a. C. 44-to extend to lieutenants and deputy lieutenants.

CjjOCK^Ic

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6.99

and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to justices of the peace adding in the execution of their office.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of a Acceptance of commission in any regiment, battalion, or troop, raised by vir- ^o^cate tue of this act, shall not vacate the feat of any member returned peats in par_ to serve in parliament; and that no person being an officer of liament. any such regiment, battalion, or troop, shall be compelled to No officer

serve the office of sheriff. toTe?ve af

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no officer of sheriff.

any such regiment, battalion, or troop, or private therein, shall n0person lia-

be liable to any penalty or punishment for or on account of his ble to penalty

absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any election forabsence,

of a member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall g°in£° or»c r 1 \ rv- returning

be returning from such election. from eieaion

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no private man in any of members such regiment, battalion, or troop, from the time of his enrol-of parliament, ment until he shall be regularly discharged, shall be compelled to No private serve as a peace officer or pai ilh officer, or to serve in any of his compel- Majesty's sea forces.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every person having parish officer,

served in any such regiment, battalion,or troop, when drawn or in the navy.

QUt into actual service, being a married man, may set up, and Married men,

exercise any trade in any town or place within Great Britain, having been

without any let, suit, or molestation, of or from any person or a^ifc?vioe°

persons ^whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such may set up

trade, as freely, and with the same provisions, and under the trade in any

same regulations, and with the like exception in respect to p^ce in Great

the two universities, as any mariner or soldier can or may do by

r o 5rr' 1 1 i r < \ J mariners or

virtue or an act passed in the twenty-second year of his late soldiers may,

Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable such officers, mariners, &c.

and Jolliers, as have been in his Majesty's service fence his acceffeon to

the throne, to exercise trades; and no such person shall be liable to

be removed out of any such town or place, until he is become

chargeable to the parish.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all 33

such towns and places as by an act passed in the twenty-sixth^3'

year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending and deemed to be reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in situate within that part of Great Britain called England, are directed to be ^umfes for-deemed to be situate within and part of any counties, ridings, or the purposes places, for the purposes of the said act, shall also be deemed to of that act, be situate within and part of the same counties, ridings, and shall be so places respectively, for the purposes of this act, and shall be ^mec*subject to the jurisdiction and authority of the lieutenants, deputy of this act. lieutenants, justices of the peace, and other officers of the respective counties, ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby and by the said act deemed to be situate in such and the same manner as is provided by the said act.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act, This act not or any thing herein contained, shall not be deemed or construed Jhe^rPhts^of to be a precedent, on any future occasion, to diminish or be t^e clty Of

H 2 prejudicial London.

Limitation of actions.

General ifisue,

Treble cells.

A c1 may be altered or repealed this session.

Continuance of act.

[Preamble.]

36 Geo. 3. c. 3.

prejudicial to the rights, liberties, customs, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, usage, or otherwise howsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this a & may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this act, with respect to the direction of the service of the men enrolled by virtue thereof, shall continue and be in force during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the determination thereof: provided always, That all the powers and regulations of this act, which shall be necessary for enforcing the due collection of the monies required for the pay, cloathing, and maintenance of the forces raised by virtue thereof, until the time of their actual discharge, shall continue and be in force for six calendar months after the end of the present war, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. VII.

An act to continue for a limited time, and amend an act made in the-last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provision, for a limbed time, in any {hips whatever, without payment of duty; and for permitting wheats wheat flour, and meal\ imported, in order to obtain the bounties granted by an act of the loft session of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be used in the manufacture of Jlarch, hair powder, and bluey or in the clijUllation of low wines and fphits.

[November 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament^intituled An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn

and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. xor

and other articles of provision for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty: and whereas it is expedient y wider the present circumstancesy to continue for a further time, and to amend the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the expiration of the said act, and until the expiration of fix ported for a weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament, limited time, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to export, from any part of this kingdom, any British or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, or any meal or flour, or bread, bifcuir, or malt, made thereof, or any potatoes, or any Indian corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof; and Foreign corn, that it shall be lawful for any person or persons to import, into may be any part of this kingdom, any foreign corn, or other articles, as ^tv^ree aforesaid, in any British ship or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatsoever; and also to take out of ware-house, for home consumption, any such foreign corn, or other so^ome C articles, as aforesaid, without payment of any duty whatsoever; consumption. any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any person shall export, or shall load or lay on board any Persons ex-ship or other vessel, with intent to export, any corn or other porting corn, articles, as aforesaid, the person so exporting, or loacting, or laying on board, with intent to export the same, shall be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties; and the said corn or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, as if the said corn or other articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to the provisions of two a (Sts, one passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating 31 Geo. 3. the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty c. 3°' anii on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported; and the other passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the thirty- 33 Geo. 3. firs year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 6 An act for c' regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exportedprovided always, That nothing herein contained Act not to ex-shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any foreign corn, ^en^corn" meal, or flour, that shall have been, or may hereafter be, im- ware- ported and warehoused in the manner, and on the conditions housed, and mentioned in the before-mentioned act in the thirty-first year of nct taken out

hie nrpfpnt TV/fntpfty'c rpiern snrl thrill nnf hsv*3 hopn talrpn mil for home

See. liable to penalties of his present Majesty's reign, and shall not have been taken out of such warehouse for home consumption.

h 7 II. Provided

consumption.

102 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1796.

His Majesty in \{m Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and perm^t\hecar- may lavy'iu^ for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the rying coast- advice of his or their privy council, or by order in council, to

wife, &c. permit the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation

coin, &c. for cf^ the several forts of corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, for mer^on^d^ or any t^le PurP°^es mentioned in the said two acts, parted the above in thirty-first and thirty-third years of his present Majesty's acts; reign, or either of them, in lilce manner, and in the same pro-

portions and quantities, and from and to the same ports and places as is allowed by the said two acts, or either of them, at such times as any of the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, as are by the said two acts, or by either of them, in and the ex- any such case required and imposed i and also to permit, by limlted°nuanaPec'al orc*cr or orders in council, the exportation of a limited tity to places quantity of any of the several forts of corn or other articles as in amity with aforesaid, from any port in Great Britain, to any country in his Majesty, Europe in amity with his Majesty, south of Cape Finisterre, subject fouthofCpe to such security, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as by erre. fucj1 order in council shall be directed.

J1L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certain arti- That, from and after the expiration of the said act, and until imported G expira^on of six weeks from the commencement of the next

duty-free, session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any from any person or persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from fTlf^or any l'ort or P^ace whatever, in any British ship or veil'd, or in vt He Is belong- any other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or ing to places state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner in amity with whatever, any beans, called Kidney or French Beans> tares, lento Majesty. ti)es>

callivancies, and all other forts of pulfej and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or other wise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and iour-ciout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the said next session of parliament; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Entry to be aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made of all such beans called Sdcles^witi? Sidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, 'callivancies, and all other the officer oforts of pulle> and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, the customs, Jambs, and swine, beef, and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb, bacon, on penalty of hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-powder, iorlciture. tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this act, with the proper officers of the customs, at the port into which the same shall be imported; and in default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and

shall

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. 1<^>3

shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs.

V. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Recovery and all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this act, (and

not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, ships, or veileis, forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this shall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majest y,

his Majesty, at any time during the recess of parliament, shall 1>e-

judge it to be most for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom men° n^ia' to suspend all or any of the provisions of this act, then it shall and suspend this may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by act.

ffiis or their royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette so to do.

VII. And whereas certain quantities of wheat, or wheat flour,

or meal, have been imported in order to obtain the bounties granted by an act passed in the la ft session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation, into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal or rye, in British ships, or other ships the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consumption, but which having appeared upon infp eft ion and examination, according to the dir eft ions of the said act, not to be fit for making bread, have not received any of the said bounties: and whereas it is expedient that permission ft)ould be given for using the same for other purposes notwithstanding any act or acts of parliament now in free to the con- Commission-trary; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commis- ers of excite, sioners of excise, or the major part of them, in England and ly

Scotland respectively, at anytime on or before the first day ofg^nt licence February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to grant for uiing

a licence or licences for using any such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat, &c. meal, in making starch, hair powder, or blue, or in distillation

of low wines or spirits, upon proof being made to their satis- Under; }6 Geo faction, upon oath or otherwise, that such wheat, wheat flour, 3. c. 21. or meal, had been so imported, and upon inspection and exa mi- found unfit for nation was deemed not nt for making bread; and such licence or bread, in licences shall be granted subject to such regulations for preventing starch S&c fraud or abuse thereof as to the said of, or the major or in distilla*

H 4 part tisn.

io4 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 8, 9. [1796.

This act may he altered or repealed this session.

part of them respectively, shall seem proper; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Viii. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present fcilion of parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue for a limited time an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty.

[November u, 1796.]

CAP. IX.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy Certain navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills.

[November 12, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the com-V V mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our serious consideration the present date of the debt of your Majesty's navy, and being desirous to make some provision towards satisfaction thereof, and of certain exchequer bills now outstanding, have resolved that all persons intereded in or entitled unto certain bills, payable in the course of the navy, victualling, and transport offices, and also all persons intereded in or entitled unto certain exchequer bills, should be entitled in respect of the same to such principal sums in annuities, as are herein after mentioned, subject to the provisions of this act: we your Majedy's most faithful commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Navy, vi&u- That all persons intereded in or entitled unto any bill or bills tr'nSort payable in the course of the navy, victualling or transport offices, bills made which were made out on or before the thirty-drd day of Decem-out on or ber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who shall on or beforeDec. 3l. before the eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred to the Te?Lec- an<^ ninety-six, carry the same to the navy, victualling, or trans-tive offices port offices respectively, in order to have the intered due thereby Nov. ir, upon computed and marked up to the sixteenth day of December796, to have one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall receive certifi-marke^there- carcsrom treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or from his on to Dec 16, paymader or cashier, to the governor and company of the bank 1796, tore- of Englandr entitling the holders of such bills in respect of the ccive certifi- amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, / at treafum-^of116 t^ie^r °Pt*on> to be. mentioned in such certificates, either to the the navy, to sum of one hundred and seventy-eight pounds eleven shillings the bank, en- and five-pence capital stock in annuities, after the rate of three titling the pounds

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. 105

pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day holders to of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, of to then tll<: sum of one hundred and thirty-eight pounds seventeen shillings percent, at and nine-pence farthing, capital stock in annuities, after the rate their option; of four pounds per centum per annumy to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and nineteen pounds and elevenpence farthing, capital stock, in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer sum: and that all persons interested and also such in or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy, victualling, or transport offices, which were made out after and* by the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and April 30, ninety-five, and on or before the thirtieth day of April one thou- 1796* sand seven hundred and ninety-six, who shall, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, carry the same to the navy* victualling, and transport offices respectively, in order to have the interest due thereupon computed and marked up to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall receive certificates from the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymaster or cashier, to the governor and company of the bank of England\ entitling the holders of such last mentioned bills, in respect of the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon, at their option to be mentioned in such last-memioned certificates, either to the sum of one hundred and seventy-six pounds nineteen shillings and nine-pence three farthings, capital stock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds^?* centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and thirty-seven pounds eighteen shillings and seven-pence farthing capital stock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Qdtober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and eighteen pounds six shillings and ten-pence farthing capital frock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for each one hundred pounds contained in such last mentioned certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lester sum: and that all persons interested in or entitled unto and* ah"° ft10*1 any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy, victualling, or after April 30^ transport offices, which were made out after the thirtieth day of and by J Uly3 xl April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on 011796* before the thirty-first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, who shall, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred, and ninety-six, carry the same to the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, in order to have the interest thereupon1 computed and marked up to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

io6 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

ninety-six, shall receive certificates from the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymader or cashier, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling the holders of such last mentioned bills in respe-ft of the amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, at their option, to be mentioned in such last mentioned certificates, either to the sum of one hundred and seventy-five pounds eight shillings and nine-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and thirty-six pounds nineteen shillings and eight-pence halfpenny capital dock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and seventeen pounds twelve shillings and eleven-pence farthing capital dock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for each one hundred pounds contained in such last mentioned certificates, and so in proportion and also such for any greater or lesser sum: and that all persons intereded in after^ufv °iUt or ent*e^ unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the andfyr Oft!' navy, victualling, or transport offices, which were made out after a7, 1796. the thirty-fird day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on or before the twenty-seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, who shall, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, carry the same to the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, in order to have the intered thereupon computed and marked up to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall receive certificates from the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymader or cashier, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling the holders of such last mentioned bills in respect of the amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, at their option to be mentioned in such last mentioned certificates, either to the sum of one hundred and seventy-three pounds eighteen shillings and three-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and thirty-six pounds one shilling and one penny capital dock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and sixteen pounds nineteen shillings and two-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any Holders de- greater or leiler sum: and that all persons interested in or enti-Jivering such tje(j unto any such bills as aforesaid, shall by delivering the

blfB div^of- on Qr before eleventh day of November one thou-

fa nH

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. 107

sand seven hundred and ninety-six, into the said offices respect frees to be tively, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid terms, and j^yacce°ted they severally shall, and are hereby required at the same time to terms^ note upon each bill, or upon each lift of bills, the option they and to note shall make in pursuance of this act, with respect to the said feve- upon them ral annuities; which said several annuities shall be paid and pay- make able at the bank of England\ at the times and in the manner herein mentioned*

II. And be it further enacted, That every person interested in Exchequer or entitled unto any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act ^6 Geo. V for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred c. 31. car-thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, who shall, hed to the on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, carry the same to the office of the pay- to

master of exchequer bills, in order to have the interest thereupon have the in-computed up to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven terest marked hundred and ninety-six, and marked upon th'e said bills, shall have in exchange for the same from such paymaster, certificates to receive *to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling certificates to the holders of such exchequer bills, in respect of the amount of the bank en-the principal and interest computed thereupon, at their option, ^.5 to be mentioned in such last mentioned certificates, either to the £oci- in the sum of one hundred and seventy-six pounds nineteen shillings and 3l. 41. or 5l. nine-pence three farthings capital stock in annuities, after the per cents at rate of three pounds per centum per annum> to commence from their °Ption* the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and thirty-seven pounds eighteen shillings and (even-pence farthing capital stock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to the sum of one hundred and eighteen pounds six shillings and ten-pence farthing capital stock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for each one hundred pounds contained in fuchlaft*mentioned certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum: and Delivery of that all persons interested in or entitled unto such exchequer bills deemed as aforesaid shall, by delivering the same, on or before the said ceptance of eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and nine- the terms, ty-six, into the said office of paymaster of exchequer bills, be and the hol-deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid terms; and they feve- flier^on The* rally shall, and are hereby required, at the same time, to note option they upon each bill, or upon each lift of bills, the option they shall make, make, in pursuance of this a£V> with respectt to the said several annuities; which said last mentioned annuities shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That if, before the passing of^e^avV^eci this act, any navy, victualling, or transport bills, or any exche- before passing quer bills, shall have been delivered into the said respective offices, this act, the

the holders to,

io8

make their option by Kov. ii, 1796.

Holders of navy, victualling, or transport bills, may deliver them to be marked.

interest to be marked upon them before delivery to the treasurer of the navy, with a note of options.

Holders of exchequer bills may deliver them to be marked.

interest to be marked thereon before delivery to the paymaster, with a note of options.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

the person or persons interested in or entitled unto the same, shall, and they are hereby required, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to make their option in writing, with respect to the said several annuities in pursuance of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any bill or bills, payable in course, out of his Majesty's offices of the navy, victualling, or for transports, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the respective times herein-before mentioned, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officers of the said offices respectively to be maikcd, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the said eleventh day of November one, thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice given in The London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpose.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the interest which shall become due on the said sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for and in respect of the said navy, victualling, and transport bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills, at the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty's navy, victualling, and transport offices relpeClively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid, upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose: and to transmit the same to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, together with a note of the options made by the respective persons interested in or entitled unto the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any exchequer bill or bills herein-before mentioned, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officer in the office of the paymaster of exchequer bills, to be marked, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and at such place as shall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette and other publick papers for that purpose; provided always, That the interest which became due on the said sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for and in respect of the said exchequer bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills by the proper officer or officers at the office of the paymaster of exchequer bills, before the same are delivered to the paymaster of exchequer bills j and the proper officers in the said office are

hereby

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. 109

hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest: as aforesaid, upon every such bill which shall be tendered to them for that purpose, and to deliver the same to the said treasurer, together with a note of the options made by the respective persons interested in or entitled unto the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officers of the navy, victualling, and the respective transport offices respectively, to take in and receive from all and offices, every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, deliver to such officers respectively, and to and for the proper officer or officers at the office of the paymaster of exchequer bills for the time being, to take in, and receive in like manner, all the said exchequer bills which any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate,

shall, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, deliver to such officer or officers; and the said treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or Bills to be cashier, and the said paymaster of exchequer bills, are hereby certificate^ respectively authorised and required, upon receipt of any such oirtin bills, with the interest thereupon marked and computed as afore- lieu of them, said, to mark and cancel such bills respectively, and make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills respectively, expressing therein the options made in pursuance of this act in respect thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who shall deliver any entitled to such navy, victualling, or transport bill or bills as aforesaid, upon certain an-producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made nuities ac-forth by the said treasurer of the navy or paymaster of exchequer cording t.0 bills, in lieu of such respective bills, shall, for every sum of one*eir °Ptlon- hundred pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum, have and be entitled according to the option by him, her, or them, made, at the respective offices as aforesaid, either to an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of O.ftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to an annuity after the rate of five pounds centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he,

{he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively; which find annuities shall be in lieu of all other interest for or in respect of such bills, and shall be payable half yearly, at the bank of England, at the most usual days of payment in the year for such resp'ective annuities,

no

Annuities to be personal estate and tax free.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

ties, that is to say. The fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year, for and in respect of the said several annuities, after the rate of three pounds^?* centum per annum, and of five pounds per centum per annum, and the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of April in every year, for and in respect of the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, the first payment on the said several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of five pounds per centum per annum, to become due on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and on the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to become due on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respetfUvely, and all persons and corporations, lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, lure, absolute, and indefeazible estates and interests in the said respective annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this act, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein directed, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever. be aid out of ^urt^er ena(^e^) That all the said annuities

thereonfoli- ° be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the

dated fund, consolidated fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, and the 5l. all such sums of money as have been directed by any former adb deemable till* or a<^s Par^ament > an^ that the said several annuities of three a certain por- Pounc's per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per -'annum, shall be subject to redemption by parliament; and that the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be irredeemable until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing interest after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off.

X. And be it further enacted, That, upon the delivering in of such navy, victualling, or transport bills, to the paymaster of the navy, or of such exchequer bills to the paymaster of exchequer bills, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, terect, toDec. the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymaster and cashier, 16^1796, and the said paymaster of exchequer bills, shall, and they are ^e^before ^1cre^y respectively authorised and required forthwith to give April29, 1797, certificates, signed by them respectively, (as the case may re-and shall be quire), for the principal sum or sums contained in such respective

free from bi.ls, and also for the interest which shall have been computed

stamp duty. and

marked as aforesaid to be due on the said sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or

Annuities to

tion of the 31. or 4l. per cents, be paid off.

Certificates to be given for the amount of bills with in

their assigns; and all such certificates shall be

a fit gn able by indorsement

Ill

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9.

indorsement thereupon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer; and no such certificate or assignment thereupon shall be charged with any stamp duties whatever; and that the interest so computed and marked on every such bill shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill respectively; and the amount of such principal and interest, certified in manner before directed, shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall be entitled, at his, her, or their option, to either of such capital flocks as aforesaid, after the respective rates herein-before mentioned, for every one hundred pounds contained in such respective certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, to be attended with the respective annuities after the said rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or of four pounds per centum per annum, or of five pounds per centum per annum, as herein-before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any infant or infants Guardians shall have become entitled to any of the said bills, in such case Jfp ^s^for the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, of such infant or benefit of in-infants, shall or may, and he, she, or they, is or are hereby fants. empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver

up the same to such treasurer of the navy, or to such paymaster of exchequer bills; and such infant or infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, delivering up such bill or bills, shall be entitled to such certificates as aforesaid, and at the option of such guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall also be entitled to either of the said annuities as aforesaid, as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same, so as the name of such infant or infants be expressed in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all per- Executors, Tons who, as executors, administrators, trustees, committees of pveVII^bfns* ideots or lunaticks, or persons of unfound mind, depositaries or their pof-mortgagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or lession, &c. entitled unto, any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up

such bills as they shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, in manner before directed, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid; and as to executors or administrators, the capital stock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said bills so by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be assets in their hands in the same manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up; and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the capital stock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such trust or mortgaged bills which they shall deliver up as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same trusts or equity of redemp

tion

I 12

Bank to re -ceive certificates, and give credit in a book according to options made of stock;

and by Jan. 5, T798, to transmit a duplicate to the auditor of the exchequer.

Bank to appointacafhier. and accomptant general.

Money to be issued at the exchequer, for payment of annuities:

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

tion ns such bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

Xin. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills as -aforesaid in pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in respect of every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum, forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for such of the respective principal sums hereinbefore mentioned, in either of the said annuities of three pounds per centum per annum, or of four pounds per centum per annum, or of five pounds per centum per annum, as the person or persons bringing such certificates shall have elected; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such respective principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to attign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall also, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. And for the more easy and Jure payment of the annuities established by this act^ it is hereby further enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall from time to time appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first: cashier or cashiers, and one other person or persons, within the same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said consolidated fund) by this abb made applicable for that purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of the exchequer to the first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account for the payment

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9* 113

ment of the said annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers, toc^»erto pa$ whom the said monies shall from time to time be issued, ilia]l^e^wlt oUt from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant

general for the time being, shall from time to time inspect famine the and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent vouchers, any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies con- ^der^hiT^3* verted into annuities after the rate of three pounds per ce?itum per a<^. to annum by virtue of this act, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, added to the reputed, and taken, to be one capital or joint stock, and shall be 3b percents, added to and made part of the joint stock of annuities transfer-

rable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds,>^r centum per annum, were by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty third, years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to the redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice, as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed, in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every perfort and persons and corporations whatsoever in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies con- 4b per cents, verted into annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per added to annum by virtue of this act, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, cents.^reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint stock, and shall be

added to and made part of the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the-rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were by two acts made in the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent acts converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the said acts, and that all and every p.erson and persons and corporations whatsoever in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies con- 5!* percents, verted into annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum pert(? be added to

Vcl, XLI.

I

annum

the 5l. per cents.

book to be kept for entering the m.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

annum by virtue of this act, or intended so to be., shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, and shall be added to and made part of the joint (lock of annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same time and in like manner as the annuities carrying an interest after the rate of five pound* per centum per annum, established by the acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, and thirty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordinance debentures: and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional interest and {hare in the said (lock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

Transfers of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective made8 ^ndV capitals or joint flocks or any share or interest in either of them, and the proportional annuities attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept, in the office of the said accountant general for the time being within the city of London, a book or books wherein all assignments or transfers of the said respective capitals or joint flocks, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuities attending the lame, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered, which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawful authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to beattefted by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom any such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said respective capitals or joint (locks, and the annuities attending the same, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers or any of them.

XX. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share or interest in any of the said several joint (locks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise until so much of the said will as relates to such estate, share, or interest, be entered in the respective offices; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates directed to be made out by this act, or any assignment thereof, or indorsement thereon,

or

No stamp duties to be charged thereon.

Annuities may be devised.

Penalty for forging certificates, See.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 9* 115

or shall alter any number, figure, or word, in any such certificate, or in any assignment thereof, or indorsemfent thereof or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, of altered certificate or certificates, or assignment or assignments thereof, or indorsement or indorsements thereon, with intent to defraud his Majesty, or the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty or felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXir. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That Bank to cost-the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their potion till successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their annuities are own funds in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or redeemed, any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no fee, reward, or Penalty for gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing for markfng and marking the interest on the said bills, or for, receiving, bills, granting taking in, or cancelling the said bills, or any of them, or for grant- certificates, ing certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the

monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieyed, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasury may of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, now so^em^to'ed being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the com- in^xecuting; 6 missioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, this act.

and they are hereby authorised, out of the said consolidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be anyways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble,

1 2 of

116 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. [1796.

of the said accountant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person General issue. or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a ver-didl shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against: him or them upon demurrer or Treble costs, otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[Preamble.]

Every contributor of 100L entitled to a principal of nab ios.

In the 5 per cents, from 061.10, 1797,

Contributors to pay their subscriptions -hyinstalments,

CAP. X.

An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

[December 23, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjddls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have re-lolved that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten shillings, in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to be irredeemable, unless with the consent of the proprietors thereof, during the period herein limited, and subject to be converted into the joint stock of three pounds per centum consolidated an« nuities, according to the provisions in this act contained.

II. And whereas several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England, for that purpose fubcribed together the whole of the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several persons who have made such subscriptions, and he, (he, and they.

is

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. io. 117

is a fid are hereby respectively required, on or before the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to advance and pay to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and Receivers of such subscriptions, without any other warrant to be had in that, behalf), ' ten pounds per centum on such sum as he, she, or they shall have subscribed towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions; and also to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several'remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say). The further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of April then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centumy on or before the second day of June then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the twenty-first day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fifth day of August then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the twenty-eighth day of September then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the thirty-first day of October then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Guardians ful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the subscribe money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad- orin an vancing the said sum of eighteen millions, to be raised by annuities

in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sums or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as. to the said sums or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying

in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed, or any part subsc^pbons11 thereof, in respect of the said sum of eighteen millions, at any time paid \n ad-before the thirteenth day oVJanuary one thousand seven hundred and vance. ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of paying the same to the said thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that every contributor paying in the sum of twenty pounds, and no more, for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively subscribed, between the thirteenth day of January and the seventeenth day

*3 of

Annuities to be paid half-yearly, but not till subscriptions are completed.

ix8 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. io, [1796.

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an allowance in respect of one half of the sum so paid in advance, as the interest thereon shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of paying the same to the said seventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 5 and that every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed, in respect of the said sum of eighteen millions to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time between the seventeenth day of March and the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively final amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the same to the thirty-first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; which allowances are to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers -out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this abf, as soon as such respeeflive contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such respective payments.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of eighteen millions, shall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum, in respect of the said principal sum of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten shillings for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until redemption in manner herein after mentioned, which shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), On the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year, but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and

paying the # every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu-whole or their J ... n', n, .,

subscriptions tcrs3 administrators, and assigns, who mall have paid into the

as herein spe- hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or

cified, entitled their contribution money, on or before the fccorid day of April

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled

to have and receive, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, at the bank of England, the half-

year's annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum, that shall become due on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said

payment or payments on or before the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, final] be entitled on the

day next ensuing on which any dividend shall become due by

y; rtue of this abf, to receive the half-year's annuity, after the rate

of

Contributors

to annuities at certain periods.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. 119

of five pounds per centum, which by virtue of this act shall become due on such day respectively, or shall have become due at any day preceding, and shall not have been paid by virtue of this act; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity by this act granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said annuities shall Annuities

be payable and paid at the bank of England, and shall be charge- bank^out

able upon, and the same are hereby charged upon, and made t^e confon_

payable, as they shall respectively arile and grow due, out of the dated fund,

consolidated fund, and shall be irredeemable until the expiration and irredeem-

of three years from the period at which the joint stock of annui* for acer-J..nr 1 r rJ 1 tain period,

ties, carrying an interest after the rate of nve pounds per centum unless with

per annum, efhblished by certain acts of the twenty-fourth, the content of twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, and thirty-sixth years ofhe proprie-the reign of his present Majesty, for granting annuities to satisfy tors* certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, shall actually be redeemed or paid off, or until the interest or dividends now payable thereon shall have been redeemed, unless with the consent of the proprietors of the annuities granted by virtue of this act, the same shall be paid off, or converted into other annuities in pursuance of the provisions herein after contained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several principal Annuities to sums in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per ^certain^ annum, shall be paid off, redeemed, and fully discharged, by period. parliament at the expiration of three years from the period at

which the said joint stock of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall actually have been redeemed, or paid off, or the interest or dividends thereon shall have been redeemed, in pursuance of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majestcy's reign.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after Subscribera two years from the end of the present war, and ratification

the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period of fix applyto the months ending on the fifth day of April, or the tenth day of bank to have October, -in any year, it shall and may be lawful for any contri- their annuities butor, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, Averted'^or alsigns, to make application to the governor and company of into other the bank of England, to have the said annuities, after the rate annuities, of five pounds per centum, hereby granted, redeemed or paid otfi, or convened into other annuities, as herein after is mentioned, at his, her, or their election; and that after six months previous notice of such his, her, or their intention, the said annuities shall be redeemed and paid off3 or converted into such annuities accordingly.

1 4 X. And

the rate of 13*1. 6s. 8d. per cept.

120 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. [1796.

When re- X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said annui-

fubibri^ers t, es, > a^ter^rate ^ve Poun(^s Per centumi hereby granted, may apply to become redeemable, either by the redemption of the said

have their an- joint (lock of annuities, at the rate of five pounds per centum, in nuities paid off manner before mentioned, or by notice from the respective con-

in money or tributors as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the respective converted in- .*J, r

to 3l. per cent, contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminffirators, file-

annuities, at cessors, or assigns, to elect to have the same paid off in ready money, in which case the principal sums in such annuities, at the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten Shillings for every one hundred pounds by them respectively subscribed towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions, shall be paid off in money, with all dividends then due thereon; or at his, her, or their election, to have the principal sums in such annuities converted into other annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in which case every contributor, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or aiTigns, shall, for every one hundred pounds of the principal sums in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum as aforesaid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred and thirty.three pounds six shillings and eight-pence in consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ according to the provisions in this act contained.

XI. Andr, for the more easy and sure payment of all the several annuities established by this act> be it further enacted, That the

Bank to ap-

and accountant general, and the treasury to order money to be issued to the cashier for payment of the annuities.

governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act: appointed for payment thereof, and when and as the same shall 2rife, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine p.11 receipts and payments of the said 2'cashier

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. 121

cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers Cashier to give of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall receipts i°i have received, or shall receive, such part of the said contribu- which may be tions towards the said sum of eighteen millions, as is herein-be- assigned with-fore required to be advanced and paid on or b'efore the said ip certain pe-seventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- rioc*s* seven, shall, on the said seventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and shall also give a receipt or receipts to every such contributor who shall at any time have paid, or shall pay, the sum of twenty pounds per centum on the sum by him subscribed; and that the respective receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsementthereupon made, at any time after the said seventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the twenty-seventh day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: provided always, That such cashier or ftcurity

cashiers shall give security to the good'liking of any three or to pay the

more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer money he refer the time being, for duly answering and paying into the re- ceives into the ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the €xc^ieclllei monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of eighteen millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trufi: hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days* afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the office of the A book to be accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of Accountant England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided general's of-artd kept, in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly fice, for en-entered; which book or books the said respective contributors, tering contn-their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, ^plicate65* shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times. Whereof to be resort to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the transmitted to said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July tJie auditor of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, transmit an at- l!ferX° tested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or i

books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such contributors. Contributors duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respect their subsenr -tive times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective tions, entitled executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, to annuities

receive, tax-free.

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, for-'icited.

receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a ft to have, receive, and enjoy, the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum, by this act granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, until redemption thereof; and also at his, her, or their option shall be entitled to convert the same for such proportionate annuity as aforesaid, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and from thenceforth shall have, receive, and enjoy, the said annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, until redemption by parliament, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session.of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and effates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, hereby granted, as of the said other annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, when and as the same shall arise, payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such contributors who shall pay to the said cashier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the times, and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times, and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in respect thereof, and also all power of redeeming the same shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments of the whole sum payable by

betransferrccl. them respectively towards the said sum of eighteen millions, the principal sum or sums to which they shall be entitled respectively, shall forthwith be in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments reSpedlively, and the persons to whose credit Such principal Sums shall be so respectively placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, Share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry an annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable in manner herein mentioned, and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption

of

As soon as subscriptions are completed, they may

123

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10.

of the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per mnuj7iy in such manner as is herein mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shal]

be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect ofpCr^ona] the said eighteen millions; and all persons lawfully claiming un- estate. der them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be yre^urJ lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or ^oney paid the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from into the extime to time all such Turns of money as shall be so paid into the chequer, receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers,

to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con-Accountant stantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, ^er^0^s wherein assignments or transfers of all annuities in respectt of the for entering sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen transfers, millions, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That all Stock may be persons possessed of any share or interest in either of the said deviled, flocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said respective annuities be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said (locks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; Transfers not and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of}iable to stamp the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwith-(iuties* handing.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of Treasury may the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the defray inci-said sum of eighteen millions by annuities, any three or more of peaces mit the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the of contribu-rime being, shall have power to discharge all such incident tions, and charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in dlow salaries such manner as to them shall Teem just and reasonablej and also ^account-to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper ant general/

for

Contributors converting their 5l. per cent, annuities into 3l. per cents, to have their principals

124 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. [1796.

for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or caftfiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolickted fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; anctalfo for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their cpf* posal only.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contributor, his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have converted any of the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, into consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, the principal sum or sums to which they shall be entitled respectively in the said placecTto their consolidated annuities, shall forthwith be in other books of the credits at the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contribu-fe^'addeo° tors> t^eir executors administrators, successors, and assigns; and the joint (tack ^ie f^d annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall of 31, per be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank

cents. of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest:

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts confohated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, and shall be payable half-yearly, in equal portions, at such days and times as the said joint dock of annuities are by law payable, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed, in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he* she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intefeft and fihare in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rates aforesaid.

Persons coim-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person. or tei ei ing re- persons {liaji forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged

ceipts for contributions, &zc. guilty o-f felony.

or counterfeited, or shall willingly act: or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of the said contributions towards the said sum of eighteen millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or pub-iiih, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. 125

receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall Suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Bank to contU the said governor and company of the bank of England, and

their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of annuities their funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or hereby graat-any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this ed cease. act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the Said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or

gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ce^v; nq. conJ" Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription tributions, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or

oerning; the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, transferring

o 1 r/o 7 / *annuities on

or for any transfer of any Sum, great or Small, to be made in pur- penalty oFaol.

fuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, 1

by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of Suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege,

or wager of law, injunction or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons seisons shall be Sued, molelied, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the Special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and

if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, Treble code, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the com- Previous to

missioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, treatin'97* now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time ^ay being, shall judge it adviseable to raise any Sum not exceeding exchequer the Sum of five millions, at any time previous to the thirty-first bills to the day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on to

the credit of the aid and Supply by this act granted, it shall be nude out

on the credit of this act, according to the malt act

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10. [1796.

and may be lawful for the said commissioners and the lord high treasurer reflectively* at any time or times before the said thirty — first day of October, to prepare or make, or cause to be, prepared of this feffiun. or made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, not exceeding in exchequer bills current at the same time, the sum of five millions, in the same or like manner, form and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this act) as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting ta his Majesty certain duties upon, malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities contained in the said last mentioned act relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the said act, (except as herein mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said Several provisoes and clauses had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this adr.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this act, shall and may bear an

in bereft0 amT °, nterest not exceeding the rate of three-pence halfpenny per centum to be receiv- Pdr diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the monies respectable for taxes, tively contained therein; and that all such exchequer bills shall or in Raiments be receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes to the Monthalters6 receTt of any branch of the revenue, at any time after the expi-date.'ration of three months from the date of every such bill lefpebffvely;

and shall also be receivable as money in any instalment of the loan of eighteen millions to be raised by virtue of this abf, which shall become payable after the expiration of three months from the date of every such bill respectively; and that no exchequer bills shall be issued on the whole, receivable in any one instalment, to a greater amount than the sum which shall remain due on account of such instalment, at the time of the issue of any such exchequer bill respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this act, when and as the same shall become payable, shall and may be received, and taken by the said cashier or cashiers at the bank of England from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, making

receive uiaii, J c c c

and pay them any Payments there for or upon account of any part of the into the ex- said Sum of eighteen millions; and the said cashier or cashiers shall, upon receipt of any such exchequer bills in payment as aforesaid, compute and mark the interest due on such bills respectively, and the amount of the principal contained in such

bills*

Provisions of malt act relating to exchequer bills to extend to those made under this act.

Bills under this act to

Cashier of the bank to receive hills, and mark thereon the interest, and receive them,

chequer as cadi.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 11, 12. 127

bills, and the interest computed and marked thereon, as aforesaid,

shall allow, and receive the same as ready money, and shall pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer as cash, on account of the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by virtue of this act; and in case any such cashier or cashiers shall refuse or neg- An action lecl to receive any such bill or bills, and to allow the principal may be and interest thereupon, to be computed and marked as aforesaid, as ready Inoney in payment on account of the said sum of eigh- for refusing teen millions, then the person delivering the same may bring an to receive action on the case for the damages sustained thereby; and the bills, &c. plaintiff in every such action may recover his full damages sustained thereby, with full costs of suit; in which action no essoin, privilege, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bills not to be exchequer bill to be made forth by virtue of this act, shall be paid, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with, any collector at the excise-or receiver of any revenue, aid, supply, or tax whatever, payable qUer, but in to his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccedors, or at the receipt of the course of exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any payment, other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, (otherwise or any other account than for the discharging and cancelling of such exchequer bill, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment); nor shall any action be maintained against: any such collector or receiver, for neglecting or refuling to receive any such exchequer bill, nor against any officer of the receipt of the exchequer, for neglecting or refusing to receive the same before the day on which the same shall be made payable in pursuance of this act.

CAP. XI.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfclveu for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

[December 23, 1796.]

CAP. XII.

An to continue several acts, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, respetfting the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose for a limited time.

[December 23, 1796.]

Acts 35 Geo. 3.c« 15. — 35 Geo. 3. c. 80. — 36 Geo. 3. C. 76 continued until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

128 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13, 14, [1796.

CAP. XIII.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation, to raise a further sum of money for completing the salt! navigation; and for amending the several acts relating thereto.

[December3j 1796.]

Acts 16, 25, 30, and 33 Geo. 3. recited. Company may borrow 4o3ooool.

more.

[Preamble.]

Duties in schedule (A) to be levied, and drawbacks in schedule (B) allowed.

Commencement of duties.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and

CAP. XIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on auctions, bricks, cocoa nuts, British and foreign spirits, and tea.

[December 28, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties of excise herein respectively mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the several goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, mentioned and described in the schedule marked (A), hereunto annexed, the several sums of money and duties of excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in, the said schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several drawbacks of excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the schedule, marked (B), hereunto annexed; and also all such special allowances as are particularly directed by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the pasting of this act; and the same respectively shall commence and take effect from the respective days mentioned in the said schedules, in cases where special dates are inserted therein, and in cases where no such date is inserted, from the day on which this act shall receive the royal assent.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties of excise by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. 129

shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland re-Scotlandior the time being; and shall be accounted for, clearedpedively. off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the person and persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, payment, satisfaction, or discharge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner, as the duties of excise chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities respectively, or upon any person or persons for or in respect thereof, were by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, to be accounted-for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged,

III. And whereas, contracts or agreements may have been made before the said seventh day tf/'December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, by importers or dealers in foreign spirits, and by distillers and makers of spirits, for such spirits respectively in be delivered after the said seventh day /?/" December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; be it therefore enacted, That such importers or Where con-dealers, and such distillers and makers, respectively delivering tra(^s such spirits after the said seventh day of December one thousand fore Dec. seven hundred and ninety-six, in pursuance of such contracts, 1796, for de« shall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to livery of fpi-the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such spirits re-f^edively, to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of be ^ed this act to be paid for the same accordingly to the price.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several sums of Duties and

money respectively inferred, deferihed, and set forth in the said drawbacks to schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), as the duties of excise; anc*

and the drawbacks of the duties of excise set forth in the according to,

schedule, marked (B), upon the several goods, wares, merchan- and the goods, dizes, or commodities inserted therein, shall and may be re- See. to be sub-spectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and the like manner,

and in or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods by which the former duties of excise respectively, and drawbacks of duties of excise respectively, or by any or either of the special means, ways, or methods respectively by which the former duties of excise respectively, and drawbacks of duties of excise respectively upon goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities of the same forts or kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of excise, or so entitled to drawbacks of duties of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities in general, and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandizes respectively were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Vol. XLI. K ad

130 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

respecting the duties of excise; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death, as others, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acIs of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of excise, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and dir jdiions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declaVed to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, pradliled, and put in execution for and in reipcdt of the several duties of excise, and drawbacks of duties of excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated, and re-enacted in the body of this adh

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where duties are imposed, or drawbacks allowed by this act, on any specifick quantity of goods, wares or merchandize, the same shall in every case be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same proportion, and after the same rate, to any greater or less quantity than such specifick quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster\ and monies so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the monies arising, or to arise, by the said rates and duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for fraying the in- the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any created charge ]oan, ma(]e, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any act any^oarfot^or a<^s Pa^ec^ or to be parted, in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties, granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Duties and drawbacks on specifick quantities, to apply proportionally to greater or lets quantities.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to into the consolidated the said rund,

and deemed an addition to the revenue for de-

tius lefiion.

SCHEDULES

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

(A.)

AUCTION.

s. do

FOR every twenty shillings of the purchase money which shall arise or be payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain, of any interest in possession, or reversion in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of monies charged thereon, and of any uten fils in husbandry, and farming stocks, ships, and vessels, and of any reversionary interestin the publick funds, and of any plate or jewels, to be paid by the audioneer, agent, factor, or feller, by commission — — — o

For every twenty shillings of the purchase money which shall arise or be payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, to be paid by the audioneer, agent, factor, or feller, by commission — — — 03

BRICKS.

For every thousand of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain - 1 q

COCOA NUTS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall be lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, or which having been imported into Great Britain, shall be delivered, or shall have been so delivered, after the seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been so lodged, a duty of o9 For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any other place which shall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall be lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, or which, having been imported into Great Britain, Il>all be so delivered, or shall have been so delivered, alter the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been so lodged, a duty of — — 26

K2 SPIRITS*

oO(

13

i32

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

SPIRITS.

s. d.

For every gallon of fermented wort or walh which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England^ for extracting spirits for home comfump-tion, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, or which shall, have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually diHilled into spirits on or before the ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six — 0 1

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash, or liquor which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of British materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six - 0 1

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, or which shall have been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six - ° I-

For every gallon of wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from " foreign refuted wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixiure therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption, or which shall have, been so brewed or made, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred amd ninety-six — 02

For every nine tv-fix gallons of wash which sir William Bishop, AigJes Bishop, and George Bishop % or the survivors or survivor of them, shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, or which by them, or the survivurs or survivor of them, shall have been so produced, and which shall not have been actually distilled into spirits on or before the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six 2 8

For every galion, EtigUfo wine measure, of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland> and imported or

brought

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. 133

s. d.

brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England\ or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the ninth day of December one thoul'and seven hundred and nin^ty-bx, or which shall be so imported or brought — — — 0 5z

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits which shall have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland> into that part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, an excise duty of - 05*

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which shall have been so made or manufactured, and which shall have been so imported or brought after the said ninth day of December, or which shall be imported or brought, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength.

For every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall have been imported or brought from that part ol Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been so imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength, to be paid by

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

the importer or proprietor, as the case may require, upon demand.

For every gallon of single brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof — 0 10

For every gallon of single brandy which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boar, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or ether place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand - — — o jq

For every gallon of brandy above proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof — I 8

For every gallon of brandy above proof which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand — — I 8

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof o 8

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the.produce of the British colonies or plantations which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth dav of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or

upoa

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. 135

x. d.

iipon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand — — 08

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof — — — 1 4

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the fy\d ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand — 14

For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the produce of the British plantations, which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be in any warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided in an act, made in ihe fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in warehouses^ and Which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be delivered out of any such warehouse or warehouses respectively, for home consumption, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the case may require, upon demand — o 2

For every gallon of rum or spirits above proof, of the produce of the British plantations, which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be in any such wate-house, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for K 4 home

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

j. d.

home consumption, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, a duty of — 1 4

For every gallon of single spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been imported after the said ninth day of Dece?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof — 0 10

For every gallon of single spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand — — o 10

For every gallon of spirits or Aqua P*ita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), above proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported after the said ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof 1 8

For every gallon of spirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), above proof, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and which shall have been, after the said ninth day o{December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be found in any ship; or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or iq any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the fuft landing thereof, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand — — I 3

TEA.

For and upon 2II tea which shall be sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England., trading to the EqJI Indies, for two shillings and sixpence per pound weight* or upwards, after the seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, ten pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at vihich such tea shall be sold, to be paid by the purchasers

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 137

of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being,

(B.)

DRAWBACKS.

BRICKS.

For all bricks which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the duty by this a cl imposed in respedi of such bricks.

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duty hereby imposed in respe£b thereof shall have been paid), which shall be exported to Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations in America, the whole of the duty of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

CAP. XV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs, on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise, within Great Britain, except wine, and except coals^ when brought or carried coastwise; and for applying the money to arise by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar; towards defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan granted, or flock created, by any all or alls passed in the last session of parliament.

[December 28, 1796.]

Most: gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

[Preamble.]

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick-expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties of customs herein after mentioned $ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That The following the re shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for ^ties°oif the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above fUgai-s to be the duties payable by law, the following additional duties on paid: sugars, to be paid in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever; that is to say,

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve Rates, pounds, of brown and muscovado sugar of the British plantations,

138 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. [1796.

tions, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the sum of two shillings and sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or 1 efs quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds of sugar, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and which shall have been or shall be sold at the sales of the said company, to be used or consumed in this kingdom, after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the sum of two shillings and sixpence- and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity: and,

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of all sugar which shall be imported into Great Britain, (except sugars herein-before charged), or which shall have been so imported, after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the sum of five shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

]f sugars sub-

II. Provided always, That if any sugars subject to the said^duty of five (hillin gs imposed by this add, shall be warehoused by warehoused^virtue of any add or abts of parliament, then and in such case the it shall not be laid duty shall not be paid or payable thereon, until such sugars paid till taken shall be taken out of such warehouse to be used or consumed in out for home tf>js kingdom, in which case, and before the same shall be de-consumption. jjverecj frorn such warehouse, the said duty, over and above all other duties to which such sugars are liable by law, shall be first paid to the proper officer of his Majesty's cuidoms.

On brown

III. And be it further enacted, That upon all brown and

do^fuvar^of3" muscovado sugar, of the British plantations, which shall have the Brithh been i^ported into Great Britain after the said seventh day of plantations, December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on imported after which the duties by this act imposed shall have been paid, there

a drawback6', hall be

paid or allowed, on the due exportation thereof, within of the du^y to the t'mcs limited by law, a drawback of the whole of the said be allowed on duty by this act imposed, provided the said sugar be exported in exportation; the same (fate in which it was imported, but not otherwise. and on Baf-

IV. And be it further enacted, That forall refined sugar Urd, &c. fu- called Bastard, and ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf ported anad broke in pieceS and all sugar called Ca?idy, which shall be

ditionaldraw- made from brown or muscovado sugar of the British plantations, back of 2s.6d. which shall have been imported into Great Britain^ after the said cwt.; seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on which the duty by this act. imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback or bounty of two shillings and sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such sugars respectively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed for the same

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 139

same by law, on and immediately before the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

V. And be it further enacted, That for all refined sugar in aT1d on refined the loaf and whole, being net, which shall be made from brown

and muscovado sugar of the British plantations, which shall have an(* mi)fCOva-been imported into Great Britain after the said seventh day of do sugar so December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and' on imported, an which the duty by this act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, 4S# containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback or bounty of four shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such sugar, over and above all other drawbacks or bounties allowed for the same by law, on and immediately before the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, 3.?* 7d. addi-

levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, paid for^his heirs and successors, the following additional duties of cuf- every 1000 toms; that is to say, For every thousand of bricks imported into bricks ini-Great Britain from and after the passing of this act, the sum of ported after-three shillings and seven-pence. P£t.inst

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the an(/an addi passing of this act, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and tional duty of paid respectively, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs 5l. per cent, and successors, an additional duty of customs at and after- the on the amount rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of customs^on ali the several duties of customs then payable by law, for and goods import-upon any goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall be im- ed, &c. and ported into, exported from, or brought or carried coastwise from P^r port to port in Great Britain, except as herein after is excepted;

and a like additional duty of customs at and after the rate of ten articles; pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of the several duties of customs then due and payable by law, on the importation into Great Britain of the following articles, that is to say,

Brimstone, hemp, iron in bars or unwrought, and staves, imported from any part of Europe: provided always, That the said but not respective duties of five pounds and ten pounds per centum herein- on

before granted, shall not be charged or paid for or on account of prize any prize goods which now are, or hereafter may be, warehoused till delivered in this kingdom, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made out for home for granting relief to the captors of prizes, with respect to the consumption. bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom, unless and until such goods shall be taken out of or delivered from such warehouses to be used or consumed in this kingdom; in which case, and before the same shall be so taken out of or delivered (

from such warehouses, the respective duties by this act imposed of five pounds and ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the respective duties of customs payable by law on any such goods so taken out of or delivered from such warehouses, shall be first paid to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs:

provided

Duty of 5l. per cent, not payable on certain articles.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of customs in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties and drawbacks to be paid and a Howe d according to 27 Geo. 3. c 13,

Goods, Sec. subject to the regulations provided bylaw before p.< fling this act, S; c.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. [1796.

provided also, That the said duty of five pounds per Centum herein-before granted, shall not be charged or paid on the produce and amount of the duties of customs, payable on the importation of any wine into Great Britain, nor on the produce and amount of the duty of customs payable on coals brought or carried coast-wife from port to port in this kingdom; nor on the produce and amount of the duties of customs payable by law on any goods, wares, or merchandize, on which other duties are by this act imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties of customs by this act granted as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several duties of customs granted by this act, and the drawbacks allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the means, ways, or methods, by which the duties of customs imposed, and the drawbacks allowed on the like goods, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, amongst other things, for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said goods, wares, or merchah-dize lb by this act respectively made chargeable with duties of customs, or entitled to drawbacks thereof on exportation, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable, to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the pasting of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the pasting of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs and drawbacks of customs hereby respectively charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said act, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 141

accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall from time the consoli-to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at f111* Westminster; and the said money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Application of monies to arise as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be suffi- the dLltie3' cient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan

to be made or flock created, or to be created, by virtue of any

act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, and,

that the said monies, during the space of ten years next ensuing,

shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XII. And whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the application of the profit to arise to the publick by the provisions in an aff, passed in the loft session of parliament, intituled An act for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the ex- 3^ Geo. 3. portation of sugar; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after^and^fomu^h the passing of this act, so much of the before recited act, as directs thereof as" the application and setting apart of the several dims of money directs the therein mentioned and described, shall be repealed; and that the application of

sum of twenty-nine thousand one hundred and sixty-nine pounds mon^y therein.

mentioned re-

one milling and five-pence, being one-rourth part of the sum of pealed, and

one hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-six the applica-pounds five shillings and eight-pence, the annua] average amount don to be of the saving to the publick, at the rate of reductions of bounties and drawbacks by the before recited act, according to the average of the exportation of sugars for three years previous to the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall quarterly, upon the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April,

the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, during the period of nine years, be set apart from the money.paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer arising from the duties of customs; and the said sum of one hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and seventy-six pounds five shillings and eight-pence, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created, by virtue of any act or adds passed in the last session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and 'kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, during the said period of nine years, a book or books, in which the monies so set apart, and arising from the said reduction

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 16. [1796.

tion of drawback and bounties, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in the last session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid* be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on stage coaches.

[December 28, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

From Jan. 5, 1797, the owner of every stage coach to pay an additional duty of id. for each mile it shall travel.

Duty to be levied, &c. as ft amp duties.

Most gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the owner or owners of every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise, diligence, or other carriage, with four or more wheels, and of every calash, chaise, chair, or any other carriage with less than four wheels by what name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as publick stage coaches or carriages for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby charged with an additional duty of one penny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforesaid shall travel.

II. And be it further enacted, That the duty by this act imposed shall from time to time be raised, collected, levied, and paid, by such persons at such time, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such management, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with and subject to such powers, rules, and directions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, as are directed and prescribed in and by an add, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; intituled An act for repealing the duties on licences taken out by persons letting horses for the purpose of travelling post, and on horses let to hire for travelling post) and by time, and on stage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by tinu\ or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and that

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17*43

all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively, shall be in full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and the same shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the duty hereby imposed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been re-enacted with relation to the said duty hereby imposed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising p^into the

from the said duty hereby imposed, (the necessary charges for exchequer, raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time and carried to to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, an^ted°fund* shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. '

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the an^addkknfto monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby imposed, or so much the Revenue ° thereof as shall be sufficienr, shall be deemed an addition made for defraying to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge the encreased occasioned by any loan to be raised, or hock created or to be charge, oc-created by any act or acts passed, or to be passed in this session of any°loan of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of this session. ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt dihindly

and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duty hereby imposed shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on diJliU lerles in Scotland, and on the exportation of B>r\t\(h-niade spirits - from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

[December 28, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble* commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards.raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty'spublick expences, and makinga permanent addition to the publick revenue, having freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the further and additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing The following

of this ail, there shall be raised, levied, colleiled, and paid, to additional

nj duties of ex -cifetobepaid:

H4

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1796.

and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and things herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament the further duties of exc.ife herein after mentioned; that is to say, lo^(ffthecon For anc* upon evetT galion, English wine measure, of the cu-tents of every b, cal content or capacity of each and every (fill, (including the Hill uEd for head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other making spirits apparatus therewith connested, under whatever name or deno-inat^riata'in lT, mation the niay be called or known, as high as the fleam Scotland, slave can ascend), which shall be used or employed for the making or as accepted by distilling of low wines or spirits, from corn, grain, malt, tilts,

33 Geo. 3. c. 61.), 36l. annually:

cyder, or perry, or other wadi or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except such counties and didrifts of the highlands, as in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of di/UUeries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly specified, described, and enumerated, there shall be charged the annual sum of thirty-six pounds:

For and upon every galion, Englift) wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connested, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the uloT 6of.*and ^eam can ascend), which shall be used or employed in any part Or place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of sixty pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content and capacity of each and every still, (including used, 7^1.-and ^ea<^ an^ every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connested, under whatever name or denomination the same maybe called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of lowr wines or spirits from foreign refuted wine, or foreign cyder or wash, prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of seventy-two pounds: for each gal- For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu-lon of rectify- bica! content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head ing stil s, 361. an(j every part thereof, and of any hop, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connested, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland for the rectifying, compounding or mixing, of any kind of spirits or strong waters, the annual sum of thirty-six pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head and land ior^nak evei7 Part hereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other appa-

for each gallon of every still, used in Scotland, where rne-lafTes or sugar are

where other foreign materials are

For each gallon of stills,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 145

ratus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination J'nS ip^ri.ts the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can for

ascend), which shall be used or employed by any distiller or dif- exportation to tiliers, or maker or makers, of spirits, in that part of Great Britain Scotland 36b; called England, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wadi or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual sum of thirty Lfix pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- For eac^ S3*-bical content or capacity of each and every still (including the rnela^Te^or head and every part thereof, and of any horn pipe, tube, or other fu; ?ar are so apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno- used 60l.; and mination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of sixty pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- where other bical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the forelSn ma" head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other u e

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomi-'nation the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder or wafti prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of seventy-two pounds:

For and upon every galion, E?iglish wine measure, of the cu- for each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the !on of rettify-head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other ing apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by such distiller or distillers, or, maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England., for the rectifying, compounding or mixing, of any kind of spirits or strong waters, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual sum of thirty-six pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties to be duties by this act imposed, shall from time to time be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, by such persons, at such saws'now^n*times, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under force, such management, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such other powers, and subject to the like allowance, repayments, abatements, rules, and directions, and by such methods, and in such Vol. XLI. L manner

246 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1796.

manner and form, as by several acts, made in the the thirty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation of dif illertei in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, concerning the several matters and things reflectively, for or in respect whereof any duty is by this act imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively, shall be practised and put in execution for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, -or paying, the several and respective duties by this act imposed, and for the making any repayment, allowance, or abatement, in manner in the said act directed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enactedin this act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed, (the ne-

and carried to cessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), the consoli- shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer at Westminster; and the said monies so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising, or to arise, by the

the^evtC^ rateS ant^ut^es> or any t^em^ shall he deemed an addi-

for defraying ^on mac^e to revenue, for the purpose of defraying the in- creased charge occasioned by any loan made, or {lock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed by the commissioners of excise to work any still or stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt, corn, or any kind of materials herein-mentioned, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scot-

o^the>dut^>art to deliver up his, her, or their licence to the said commission-paid.^ers, or to the principal officer of excise within the division, who shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the same;

2 " and

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

dated fund;

and deemed

the encreased charge occa-honed by any loan of this session.

Distillers in Scotland may deliver up their licences before]an. 20, 1797, and receive a pro*

*47

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

and every such person or persons delivering up such licence to be vacated before the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to a return of a part of the duty paid thereupon for the present year, in proportion to the period of such year then unexpired; and all and every such person or persons shall be and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed, and discharged, from any payment of duty by this act imposed, and from any penalty, forfeiture, action, suit, or prosecution, for or by reason of his or their having worked or working any {bill or (fills under the authority of such licence, between the time appointed by this act, for the commencement of the said duties, and the time of delivering up such licence as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Where entry any such licence shall have been granted to any such diffiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, and any entry or entries than one shall have been made by such difbilIcr or distillers, or maker or some may makers of spirits, of more hills than one under such licence^ it cease and shall and may be lawful for such of and officers of thuietob* excise respectively, on notice being given-to them respectively in wor^e(j# writing, before the day herein mentioned, of the intention of such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, to cease working one or more of such stills, and to continue to work the other or others of such stills, to indorse the same on the back of such licence, specifying in such indorsement the content of such still or stills respectively, and distinguishing such as are intended to be worked from such as are not intended to be worked after the time before limited, and to re-deliver such licence to such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, with such indorsement thereupon; and which indorsement on such licence, shall be deemed to vacate such licence, in such part only as relates to the still or stills which shall cease to be worked, as aforesaid, and an abatement of duty shall be made on such last mentioned still or stills only: and which shall and may be set off against any duty to which such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, shall be liable to pay by virtue of this acct, in respect of such still or stills, as he* (he, or they shall continue to work after the time limited as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this amay be

may be varied, altered, or repealed by any acPor acts to be made pealed°this in this present session of parliament. section.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for altering certain rates of poflage for conveyance of letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of packets to and fr-om Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart at the receipt of the exchequer, for a certain period, out of the revenues of the post office^ the annual sum of forty thousand pounds^ towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan raised, or flock created, \ by any act or acts passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

[December 28, 1796.]

L 2 Most

148 Anfto tegni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1796.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain rates of pojiage ejla-V V blished by an act of the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and by two several acts of the fifth and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, should be repealed: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, as, well for the purposes aforesaid, as towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-From Jan. 5, liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so of^An re" muc^ °^" ari made in the ninth year of the reign of her late niJ3E> C# majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for establiftung a general'post office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the fiervice of the war, and other her Majestfs occasions; and so much of an act, made in the fifth year of your most gracious Majesty's reign, intituled An act to alter certain rates of pojiage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office; and also so much of another act passed in the twenty-fourth year of your most gracious Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting Berwick upon to his Majesty certain additional rates of pofiage for conveyance of let Tweed, re- ters and packets, by the post, within the kingdom of Great Britain;

for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in letters and packets*, and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from pojiage, as establishes certain rates or sums for the port and conveyance of letters and packets within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, from and afterjthe fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

IIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto Sufficiently authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend post, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the several rates and sums herein after mentioned, the same being rated by the letter or by the ounce; that is to say, For the port and conveyance of every single letter so conveyed or carried by the post, not exceeding fifteen measured miles from

thp'

5 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 23. Geo. 3. fess. a. c. 37. as establishes certain rates of postage in England, Wales, and

pealed, and the following rates to be taken;

rates.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of three-pence; for every double letter six-pence; fcr every treble letter nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight one shilling; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post above fifteen measured miles, and not exceeding thirty measured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of four-pence; for every double letter eight-pence; for every treble letter one shilling; and for every ounce in weight one shilling and four-pence; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the poll above thirty measured miles, and not exceeding sixty measured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of five-pence; for every double letter ten-pence; for every treble letter one shilling and three-pence; and for every ounce in weight one shilling and eight-pence; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post above sixty measured miles, and not exceeding one hundred measured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of six-pence; for every double letter one shilling; for every treble letter one shilling and sixpence; and for every ounce in weight two shillings; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post above one hundred measured miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty measured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of seven-pence; for every double letter one shilling and two-pence; for every treble letter one shilling and nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight two shillings and four-pence; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post one hundred and fifty measured miles, or upwards, from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the sum of eight-pence; for every double letter one shilling and four-pence; for every treble letter two shillings; and for every ounce in weight two shillings

*5°

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

[17*96.

and eight-pence; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

The5Sr* l

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said rates to1 be111 ^ay of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

taken for post- seven, it dial) and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postage of letters matter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufnoiently authorised, over and above the rates of pottage now payable, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend post, within Scotland, the additional rate of pottage herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For the port and conveyance of every ttngle letter one penny; for every doubled letter two^pence; for every treble letter threepence; and for every ounce in weight four-pence; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

bliihedb first And be further enabled, That so much of the said actt,

recited act to ma<^en the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen and from Anne, as establishes rates of pottage for letters from and to Lon-Portugal, and don, to and from Portugal; and so much of the said act, made in to and ^?nd ^tth year of your most gracious Majesty's reign, as establitties

in Scotland:

rates.

Rates efta-

America, repealed.

rates of pottage for letters from 3nd to London, to and from the

The following rates to be taken for letters to and from Portugal.

Rates.

British dominions in America, shall, from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters, packets, and other things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from the kingdom of Portugal, a packet pottage according to the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For all letters and packets, patting from any part of the kingdom of Great Britain to Lisbon, or to any other port in the kingdom of Portugal, and from any such port into Great Britain; for every single letter one shilling; for every double letter two shillings; for every treble letter three shillings; and for every ounce in weight four shillings; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorised, tish dominions to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to in America. demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every letters, packets, and other things, which shall be carried or conveyed from or to the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any port within the British dominions in America, a

packet

The following rates to be taken for letters to and from the Bri-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. 151

packet postage according to the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For all letters and packets passing from any part of the king- Rates, dom of Great Britain, to any port within the British dominions in America, and from any such port into Great Britain; for every single letter one shilling; for every double letter two shillings; for every treble letter three shillings; and for every ounce in weight four shillings; and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

VI. And be it further enacted, That over and above the rates Letters to or aforesaid, all letters and packets passing to or from Portugal, from ^America8^ or to that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, or to or from the chargeable British dominions in America, from or to that part of Great Bri- with the in-tain as aforesaid, shall be charged with the full inland rate of land rates, postage hereby established, according to the distance such letters

and packets shall be conveyed within England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, ?. nd with the full inland rate of postage now payable, together with the additional rate of postage hereby established, according to the distance such letters and packets shall be conveyed within Scotland.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mode of

letter or packet, together with the contents thereof, shall be

rated at an higher rate of postage, according to the rates and Weight. duties hereby granted, than as a treble letter, unless the same shall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and packets of the weight of one ounce, shall be rated as four single letters, and in proportion for every quarter of an ounce above the weight of an ounce, reckoning each quarter of an ounce as a single letter.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing charge herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construedto indreafe Gf pjftage orf or alter, the amount or manner of charging the rates of postage single letters upon single letters to be sent by the poll by or to non-commis- from or to _ fioned officers, seamen, and privates, on their own private concerns, whilst: such non-commissioned officers, seamen, and pri-cers e"fva. vates, shall be employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, blished by fencible regiments, artillery, and marines, made payable by an 3 5 Geo. 3-act passed in the thirty-fifth year of your most gracious Majesty's °* 33* reign, intituled An act for further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage; for allowing non-com-?niffioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on service, to send and receive letters at a loiv rate of postage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to he transmitted by the of at an easier rate than is now allowed by law; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the^oftof- all and every the clauses, provisions, powers, privileges, advan- fke, not here-tages, disabilities, penalties, and methods, for the recovery of by repealed or the same, and all other matters and things in force, at the time altered, tocon-of pasting this act, and contained in the said act, made in thetmuem uiCQm

152 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. iS.

[1796.

ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, or in any other act or acts of parliament, so far as the same relates to the poll: office, (and not repealed or altered by this act), shall continue in force, and shall be applied and extended, and shall be conflruea to apply and extend, to this present act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

Rates to be paid to the deceiver general of the post office, and by him into the exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

Average annual revenue of the post office for three years ending April, 5, 1795 which by 35 Geo. 3. c 53. has been increased.

Application of the poll office reyer

nue.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the poll: office, who shall pay the same (the necessary charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the same being first deducted) into the receipt-of his Majesty's exchequer, on such days and times and in such manner as the rates and duties hereby repealed were, by any law in force at and immediately before the passing of this act, directed to be paid; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to hnd made part of the consolidated fund,

XI. And whereas the annual average produce of the revenue of the post office for three years, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, amounted to four hundred and ten thousand five hundred and fifty-six pounds and whereas by an act passed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage; for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilflon service, to send and receive letters at alow rate of postage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to be transmitted by the poll at an easier rate than is now allowed by law, the said revenue hath been encreased by a sum computed at the annual sum of forty thousand pounds, communibus annis: be it further enacted, That, out of the monies to arise from the said revenue of the poll: office, the sum of one hundred and two thousand six hundred and thirty-nine pounds, being one-fourth part of the annual average amount before mentioned, shall quarterly on the fifth dav of April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January in every year, during the periods herein after mentioned, be set apart from the remainder of the said revenue; and that the sum of ten thousand pounds of the said remainder of the said revenue, shall quarterly, for the period of

eight years from the passing of this act, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, separate and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that the amount thereof, or so much as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made tc the publick revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan raised, or flock created, by any act or acts passed in the said thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that after setting apart the amount of the annual averages aforesaid, and the said further annual sum of forty thousand pounds, the remainder of the said revenue of

*53

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

the poll office shall, during the period of ten years after the passing of this act, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that the said remainder of the said rates so paid into the said receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan made or to be made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said respective periods, books in which the said annual sum of forty thousand pounds, and the said remainder of the monies aifing from the said revenue of the poll office, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons hied shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for maY plead the any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this &eneral hfu^. aft, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs, them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the more effectually securing the stamp duties on indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds.

[December 28, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the

[Preamble.]

reign of his present Majesty, certain provisons are made to 9 Geo. 3. C. prevent the revenue of Jiamps from being defrauded by the practice of^0> recited. inserting in one Jkin of pauhment more than the itjual and accustomed quantity of words, which had been allowed to be after the rate of fifteen com?non law fleets, containing seventy-two words in each sheet; which provisons have not been found effectual: and whereas it is expedient that the provisons of the said act should be repealed, and other provisons made for more effectually securing the said duties, and that the monies arising by any increase of Jiamps to be used in pursuance of this act, should be applied in the manner herein dir eft ed: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, as well for the purposes aforesaid as towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moll Prom Jan, excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ^amps for

assembled, any inden-

i^4 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1796.

ture, &c. to' assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and

be calculated after the fifth day 0j- January one thousand seven hundred and

in the manner.r.rn,

herein speci- ninety-(even, the numDer or damps required to be put on every

fkd. /kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper,

upon which any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed shall be engroded, printed, or written, shall be calculated according to the number of common law sheet's engroded, printed, or written thereon, each common law sheet containing seventy-two words, in manner following; that is to say, Where the quantity of words " engroded, printed, or written, on any (kin or piece of vellum

or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, shall not exceed fifteen such common law (beets, one damp; and where the quantity or number of words engroded, printed, or written thbreon, shall amount unto thirty such common law (beets, two (lamps; and so progressively one further (lamp for every fifteen such common law sheets above the number of thirty such common law (beets contained therein: provided always, That if thy quantity or number of words engroded, printed, or written thereon, shall, after calculating in manner aforesaid every amount of fifteen common law (beets contained therein, exceed the number of such common law (beets so calculated by a less quantity of words than other fifteen such common law (heets, no further damp shall be required for such excess above the number of common law (beets so calculated; and that in every such case the damps required to be put on any such (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed shall be engroded, printed, or written, shall be of the same value or denomination respectively, and shall be such damps which have been or shall be provided or directed to be used to denote the duties payable on such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, according to the laws now in force, or hereafter to be in force.

Schedules to

II. And be it further enacted, That every schedul'e or other be deemed indrument annexed unto any indenture, lease, bond, or other tures°^c^en" ^ee<^ and indorsement made thereon, shall, in edimating the number of damps required by virtue of this act to be put thereon,

be deemed as part of such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed; and the quantity or number of words contained therein shall be calculated as if the same were contained in such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed.

Any person

III. And be it further enacted, That if any attorney, solicitor, bringing in- clerk, officer, or other person, shall engross, print, or write, or dentures not cause to be engroded, printed or written, any indenture, lease, to1be rPt' bond, or other deed, on vellum, parchment, or paper, not duly jfhmpt, to damped according to the directions of this act, and shall neglect

forfeit 30l. to bring the same to be duly stamped in the manner and within the time hereby directed and allowed for damping the same, every such attorney, solicitor, clerk, officer, or other person, shall for-No indenture feit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and no such indenture, available un- Jease, bond, or other deed, shall be pleaded or given in evidence,

less duly or good, useful, or available, in any manner whatever, unless

stampt. the same shall be damped as required by this act.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. 155

IV. And be it further enacted, That every indenture, lease, Blank indeu-bond, or other deed, which shall have been damped with one ^hfch hav*e damp on every skin or piece of such vellum or parchment, or on beenstampt, every sheet or piece of such paper, before any matter or thing but not ac-shall have been engroded, primed, or written thereon, and shall cording to not be damped as by this act is directed, which shall be brought be^r^eiT^ at any time before the execution thereof, or within the space of stampt^within one calendar month after the date thereof, to the head office of a limited time, the commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, may be damped as this act requires, on

' payment of the duty for the same; and that, upon bringing any Officer to cal-indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, to be damped as aforesaid, culate the the officer appointed by the said of shall calculate the duty payable thereon, and the number of damps required by this and wlrit^ on* ato be put thereon, and dial] write in words at length upon them certain the margent of each skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or particulars, sheet or piece of paper, whereon the same shall be engroded, printed, or written, the number of common law sheets contained therein, and the day on which such payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his name thereto; and in case the duty shall be On payment so paid at the said head office, then the indenture, lease, bond, beacTaffice11'6 or other deed, so brought to be damped, shall, on payment of indentures' the said duty, be damped with such number of damps as the &c. to be case shall require; and in case the duty shall be so paid at any stampt; and other office to be appointed by the said of, the indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, whereon the duty so pay- tures ^c^to able, and the number of words so contained therein shall have be transmitted been calculated and written, shall be transmitted within the to the head space of twenty-one days from the day of payment of such duty office within to the head office to be damped, and the same shall be damped that purpose. accordingly with such number of damps as the case diall require; officer recdv-and if the person paying such duty at any such office to be ap- ing duty to pointed as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same shall be acknowledge transmitted to the said head office by the officer to whom such receipt of induty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such officer for such purpose, such officer shall, upon requed, sign and deliver fion> &c. an acknowledgement that such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, has been left with him for such purpose, and shall transmit such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, to the said head office to be damped as aforesaid, and the same shall be returned to such officer as soon as conveniently may be after the damping thereof, and such officer shall deliver back the same to the person entitled thereto, upon re-delivery to him of the acknowlegement which he shall have given for the same, if any shall have been given.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Indentures, be lawful to carry any such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, stamptYt the at any time within six calendar months after the date thereof, to head office at the said head office to be damped in like manner, paying the duty payment of for the same, and also the further sum of ten pounds by way of the duty and penalty, and also to carry the same to the said head office to be a pend

damped

156. Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1796.

stamped in like manner at any time after the expiration of the said six months, on payment of the duty for the same, and also the further sum of ten pounds for every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, whereon such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed or matter or thing aforesaid, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, by way of penalty for not having before caused the same to be duly damped according to the directions of this act.

In actions brought for engrossing indentures. Sec. contrary to this act, and not brought to be stampt within a month after date, the plaintiff to recover though afterwards stampt.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any action shall be commenced against any person for engrofdng, printing, or writing, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, contrary to the directions of this act, which shall not be brought to the said head office to be damped within one calendar month after the date thereof, and such action shall be prosecuted with effect, the same shall not be delayed, prejudiced, deseated, or barred, by reason of the payment of any duty or penalty on damping the same, or of the same being damped after the commencement of such action, but that the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall be entitled to recover as if such duty and penalty had not been paid, or such damp or damps had not been- put

thereon after the commencement of such action.

Penalty of 1 ool. for adding to indentures, See. after the duty has been calculated, and before stampt, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall add any word in any such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, after the officer to be appointed by the said of shall have calculated the duty payable thereon, and before the same shall be duly damped, according to the directions of this act, or shall alter any word or letter in any writing hereby required to be made, by the officer to be appointed by the said of, on the margent of such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed.

after such officer shall have signed the same according to the directions of this act, or shall knowingly utter or publish as true any such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, with such word added thereto, or any such altered writing, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or; any other person or persons, then and in such case every person so adding, altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

All acts re-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisoes, stam^ d°fe art'lC^es> clauses, allowances, and all matters and things pre-no H^reby^' fcr>ked or appointed by any former a Cl or acts of parliament altered, to be relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, applied to this and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and effeCl, with relation to the several matters and things by this a Cl prescribed or directed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the enforcing the regulations of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several Jy and respectively been hereby re-enacted.

Application

IX. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pecu-and recovery n]aTy penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed shall, if sued for sued for in within the space of four calendar months from the time of such four months, penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his

heirs

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. 157

heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of salt, to the person or persons who>(ha!l inform or sue for A the same within the time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's at- Where penal, torney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, ty appears to in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such penalty or curred^with^ forfeiture was incurred without any intention of fraud, to (say all out fraud? further proceedings, by entering a noli profequf or otherwise, with proceedings respect as well to the share of such penalty or forfeiture claimed may be stopu by such informer or informers, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in de- Recovery and fault of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the faedfor name of his Majesty's attorney general in England^ and of four months, his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, by information in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; and in every case where such information shall be prosecuted as aforesaid, the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and for- Penalties tp feitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as afore- b's Majesty to said, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be receWer gene-paid into the hands of his Majesty's receiver general of (lamp ralofftamp duties for the time being, any law, usage, or custom, to the duties, contrary notwithstanding; and that, in any case where the whole Informers of such penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered, to the use of may be re-his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said ^raitRs°to°^ of to cause such reward as they shall think fir, not Majesty. exceeding one moiety of the penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto, as an informer or informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the past- Application of ing of this act, out of the monies that shall be paid into the <jutics on receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of the duties imposed by any under former* former acts of parliament, on every (kin or piece of vellum or acts. parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any indenture,

lease, bond, or other deed, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, in pursuance of any such act or acts, or any other act or acts of parliament, or any of them, the sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one.potinds and five shillings, being one-fourth part of the sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred and five pounds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the whole of the said duties, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of Aprils

the fifth clay of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, in every year, during the period of ten years, be set apart from the remainder of the said monies; and that after set* ting apart at the said receipt of exchequer, at the end of each such quarter, the sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one pounds and five shillings, the said remainder of the said monies arising, or to arise, of the said several duties imposed by the said former acts, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charges occasioned by any loan made, or to be made, or any stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be passed, in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising; from the said duties, and

O

paid into the said receipt, mall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this felTion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the engrossing, printing, or writing, on any skin of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, or to any of the matters for which provision is made by this add, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XX.

An act for extending the time limited by an act of this session, for delivering in navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills.

[December 28, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHERE AS, by an act made in this present session of par-Act of present liament, intituled An act for granting annuities to satisfy recitedC* certa^n navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills; all per*

9 fons interested in or entitled unto certain navy, victualling, transport and exchequer bills, in the said act mentioned, were enabled at any time, on or before the eleventh day ^/'November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to subscribe the /'aid bills in the manner directed by the said eft: and whereas it is nccejjary to give further time to such person as have been prevented from subscribing their navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills, within the time befor-ementioned: be'it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by and the na\y, the authority of the same, That the officers of the navy, victualling, victualling, transport, and exchequer bill offices, and the treasurer of his Majesty's

Recited act in part repealed.

transporr,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2-1>59

jesty's navy, or his paymaster or cashier, and the paymasters of exchequer bills, at any time or times before the thirty-first mentioned, day ot December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, maybereceiv-shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered, ed at. the re-and required to accept and take in, from any person or persons, any such navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills, as shall before Dec. be offered to them, and to compute the interelf, and mark the 31, 1796, same, and to make forth such certificate or certificates as are directed by the said act \ and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and empowered to give credit for such stock and annuities as such person or persons would have been entitled to in respect of such bills, in case such bills had been delivered into such office or offices, on or before the said eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety six.

CAP. XXL

An act authorising his Majesty, for a limited time, to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of

Good Hope.

[December 28, 1796.]

WHEREAS the castle, town, and settlement, of the Cape of Preamble, Good Hope, with the territories and dependencies thereof are now in the possession of his Majesty; and it is expedient under the present circumstances, that the trade and commerce to and from the same ftoould be regulated for a certain time, in such manner as shall seem proper to his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, notwithstanding the special provisions of any act or acts of parliament that may be corflrued to ajftft the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, and until the His Majesty in expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next PnvV council session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, by any order or or- spefting the ders to be issued from time to time, to give such directions, and trade and make such regulations, touching the trade and commerce to and commerce to from the said settlement, and the territories and dependencies thereof, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient Hope, and salutary, anything contained in an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and encreasing offlipping and navigation\ or in an act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade; or any other act or acts of parliament now in force relating to his Majesty's colonies and plantations, or any other act or acts of parliament, law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise-notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares, or Goods, Sic.

merchandize imported or

160 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

exported con- merchandize whatever, shall be imported into, or exported from, inacouncUJerSany P^ace or P^aces' Part tIie^Settlement, or its territories forfeited, &c, or dependencies, or shall be exported from any part of his Majesty's dominions to any of the said places 5 or if any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be so imported or exported in any manner whatever, contrary to any such order or orders of his majesty in council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the ship or vessel in which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her guns, ammunition, furniture, tackle, and apparel, and every such forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of customs may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in places where respectively the offences shall be committed, and the produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like manner, in the said places respectively; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any manner be construed to infringe the rights, privileges, and advantages, belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Act not to infringe the rights of the East India company.

CAP. XXII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

[December 30, 1796.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it is expedient that an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for providing an aug-present ieihon mentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised in the man-ct ner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms, should be explained and amended, in the particulars after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, or place, within their respective cution^aTariy j urifdidlions, shall have and are hereby vested with full power other relating and authority, to carry the said act into execution, in the like man-to the militia. ner and as fully and effectually as they are authorised to carry into execution an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, or any other act relating to the militia; and that in all cases where deputy lieutenants are empowered by the said act passed in the present session of parliament

Justices may carry the said act into cxe-

Where deputy lieutenants are em-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2z 161

merit, or this act, to ad in the execution thereof at any sub- p2Tere<?to division meeting, any justice of the peace of the same county, aecjte^ Grthis riding, or place, together with one deputy lieutenant, may exe- a justice cute the several matters and things required to be done at such and deputy meeting, as effectually as two or more deputy lieutenants of such lieutenant county, riding, or place. ma^ aC '

II. And be it further enacted That, so much of the said act Supplemen-

of the present session of parliament as requires every person, pre- not/o be vioully to his being enrolled, or permitted to serve, in the sup- required to plementary militia of any county, riding or place, tofwearthat he swear theyare is a Protestant, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall be Protestants, lawful for the person or persons authorised to administer the oath admlmf" prescribed by the said act of the present session of parliament, and tcring the oath he and they is and are hereby required in every case in admini- to omit cer-ftering the same, to omit the following words, videlicet: And tain words.

I do swear, that I am a Protestant/

III. And be it fmther enacted, That if in any county, riding, Where 26 or place, or in any fub -division thereof, it shall have happened Geo. 3. that the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, constables, or other peace officers, have omitted to put the said

act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, into execution, ^y reason cxeution, that a due return of the annual lifts of men liable to be ballotred because a re* into the militia raised by virtue of the said last mentioned act was n; en

'.. _.. lioklp tA h/a

liable to be ballotted has

not made, or not ordered to be made, on the day or in the manner directed by the said last mentioned act, so that the said act, not been passed in the present session of parliament, cannot be duly execut- made, or ed for want of such returns; or if such lieutenants, deputy lieu. wflere

cates of such lifts have not

tenants, or justices of the peace respectively, have omitted to put the act of the present session into execution, by neglecting to beenmadeout, make out duplicates of such lifts which have been returned the powers to them, according to the said last mentioned act, or have been of

prevented from making out the same, it shall and may be lawful en

for the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and justices of the peace maybeexecu-respectively, to execute the powers contained in the said act ted at any passed in the present session of parliament at any meeting to be meeting after held after the pasting of this act, whether the purposes to be exe- a#1? such cuted at such meeting shall have relation to the militia raised manner that under the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, and to the the sup pie said supplementary militia to be raised under the said act of the !?^ntar7 r/^" present session, jointly, or to either of the said acts separately, or Raised without to meet for that purpose at any other time or times after the palT- delay, ing of this act, and from time to time, as there shall be occasion; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to meet and to execute the powers contained in the said act passed in the present session, in such manner that the said supplementary militia may be raised without delay: and it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants and Deputy lieu-

tenants, may pro- e»: on returns

justices so met, to proceed to execute the said act on the returns already made for the purposes aforesaid; or where no such returns shall have been made, or the same shall have been loft or ainauy made, destroyed, to order fresh lifts to be made out and returned, as or where none Vol. XLf. M tliers aremaJt>

i6z

may order fvefh ones to be made out; and where exemptions have been erroneously allowed, may amend lifts, and direct frefti ballots to be taken, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

there shall be occasion; and where lifts have been returned, and any exemption shall have been claimed, and erroneously, or contrary to this act, allowed, it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants and justices respectively, and they are hereby required to amend the duplicate of such lifts, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act of the present session of parliament, and of this act; and (where there shall be occasion) to order and dire<Sh a frefti ballot to be taken; and all acts which might lawfully have been done at any meeting held on the days mentioned in the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, and which shall have been done at any other meeting held under the said add, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same acts had been done on the days and in the manner directed by the said acts, or either of them; and all such meetings to be held after the passing of this act, for the purpose of carrying into effect the proceedings of former meetings, or of supplying any defect or omission in such proceedings, or of rectifying the same, or of further carrying the said act of the present session into execution, and all acts to be done at such meetings to be held after the passing of this act, pursuant in all respects to the directions of the said acts, or either of them (except as to the time of doing the same), shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, notwithstanding any Uwho*h a ve ^ormer defest, omission, or error as aforesaid; and all lieu-

omitted to act, tenants, deputy lieutenants, and justices of the peace, who have or have acted omitted to carry, or have been hindered from carrying the said erroneously act of the present session into execution, according to the directions thereof, or shall have executed the same erroneously, by allowing any exemption contrary to the intent thereof, or of this act, and who shall at any other time or times have met and executed the same, or who shall meet and execute the same according to the directions of this act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and damages, and against all actions and prosecutions whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by reason of any neglect, omission, or hindrance as aforesaid; and all constables and other officers are hereby also indemnified, freed, and discharged, from all penalties and damages, and 3gainst all actions and prosecutions incurred or to be incurred for any act done or to be done by them in pursuance of any order or orders of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, or justices of the peace, made or to be made pursuant in all other respects to the directions of the said acts, except as to the time of making the same; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any action, suit, bill of indictment or information, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be brought, carriedon, or prosecuted, against anypersonor persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified for or on account of any penalty or damages incurred or to be incurred for any omission or neglect before mentioned, or for any act done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general

indemnified#

In actions brought against persons hereby indemnified,

the gen^ r.sl

issue may be pleaded.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22.' 163

ral ififfie, and upon their defence give this a6fc and the special matter in evidence upon any trial to be had thereupon.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in any county, riding. If by Jan.-30,

according

*79 7>

a fuf-

e> ficient nurn-

or place, a sufficient number of officers, duly qualified

to the said acts, shall not be appointed to commissions in the ber of officers supplementary militia to be raised for the said county, riding, or shall not be place, on or before the thirtieth day of January one thousand appointed, the

lieutenant and deputy

seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall be lawful for the lie tenant and deputy lieutenants respectively, (and they are hereby Heii tenants required, as soon as conveniently may be), to appoint a sufficient may appoint number of such other persons, as are described in the said act of such persons the present session, to be officers in the said supplementary militia, ^inVhe ala " subject to the approbation of his Majesty, and in the manner of the'present therein directed. session.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the If it shall ap-lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, at any time pear before

before the fifteenth day o{"January one thousand seven hundred /TV IZ\i7-9'7*

J J, r, that a 1 urn el-

and ninety-seven, that a (umcient number or non-commissioned ent number

officers, drummers, or private men, cannot conveniently be of non.com-

spared from the regiment, battalion, or company of militia serv- missioned of-

ing for any county, riding, or place, to train and exercise the said

supplementary militia to be raised by virtue of the said act of the spareci frotn

present session as aforesaid, for such county, riding, or place, it shall the militia,

be lawful for the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively, to train the

and he and they is and are hereby required to appoint, for that ffipplemen-

r r, J.r r j n u r tary militia,

purpose, such number of men from and amongst the persons put chelsea pen-

or to be put on the establishment of Chelsea hospital, as shall be fionerscer-certified to him or them, by the fee re tary at war for the time tifiedby the being, to be fit and proper persons for such service; and any war's fit deficiency of non-commissioned officers, drummers, or privates, may\)e*remaining after j such appointments, maybe supplied by any per- appointed, &c. Tons who shall have served as non-commissioned officers, drum- deficiencies mers, or privates, in his Majesty's army, or in the militia, and still remaining have been discharged therefrom, or such other persons as the said hip-

lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively shall judge to be j-^s per proper for that service and shall appoint; and any person so to be charged from appointed shall be entitled to the same pay during such service as thy army, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men, serving See,

in the supplementary miiitia, would be entitled to by virtue of such appointment according to the said act, over and above any other pay, emolument, or allowance, to which they or any of them may be respectively entitled.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the powers given by the Powers given

said act of the present session to the lieutenant and deputy lieute- to heuter, ants r and deputy

nants ol any county, riding or place, to quarter and billet the ]K-Utenantsto

supplementary militia to be raised by virtue of the find act, shall qu o ter the

not restrain or fie confirmed to restrain justices of the peace of supplementary

bailiffs, constables, ty- n.Qtto

5, re it ram jul-

counties, ridings, or places, riiayc

thingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates and officers tices> &c of cities, towns, panihes, ty things, and places, from quartering from billeting and billetting the said supplementary militia; but that all such them.

m 2. magistrates

164 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

magistrates may, within their respective jurisdictions, quarter and billet the said supplementary militia, and provide lodgings for the non-commissioned officers of such militia, under and according to the powers and directions given by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall be ballotted to serve in the said supplementary militia, and who shall forfeit and pay the penalty of fifteen pounds, prescribed by the said act, for neglecting to serve or to provide a substitute, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, either for the militia raised by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, or by any other add of parliament, or for the said supplementary militia, for the period of five years.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person chosen by ballot to serve in the said supplementary militia, nor any substitute, being of the full height of five feet two inches, shall be deemed

unfit for service, or be liable to be discharged, by reason that

Person s ballotted paying 15l. for not serving or providing a substitute not liable to be ballotted for again for the militia for 5 years.

No person cho'en by bailot, nor any substitute.

5 teet 2 inches such person is under the height required by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the said act of the present session, shall be construed to empower any overseer of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, to provide any volunteer or volunteers for the said supplementary militia, without the consent of the inhabitants of such parish, tything, or place, to be obtained in the manner directed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons to offer themselves to serve as substitutes in the said supplementary militia, for any such sub-divi-fion, and to appear before any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, within such time and at such place as is provided for the enrolling volunteers under the said act of the present session; and that in every such case, a correct lift shall then and there be made of the names and places of abode of all such persons so appearing, who shall be approved of according to the provisions of the said adb, and such persons, so approved, shall be accepted as substitutes for such sub-division.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the overseer or overseers of the poor of any parish or place within the sub-division for which such person or persons shall have offered themselves so to serve as substitutes, (according to the order in which the said parish or place shall stand upon the lift prepared for the ballot), to give any such person or persons (according to the order in which their names shall have been entered in the lift as aforesaid), any such sum as shall be deemed reasonable, and shall be fixed by the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, at any sub-division meeting to be held after the passing of this act, after they shall have been sworn and enrolled to serve as the substitute or substitutes for such parish or place in the said supplementary militia, in manner as directed in the said

act;

high, to be deemed unfit for service. Act of the present session not to empower any overseer to provide volunteers without the consent of the parishioners. Substitutes may offer themselves at such time and place as is provided for enrolling volunteers.

Overseers may give substitutes such sum as shall be fixed by the sub-division meeting, which they may reimburse themselves out of the rates.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. 165

ad; and it shall be lawful for such overseers to reimburse themselves out of any monies of the rates then raised, or to be reimbursed out of any monies thereafter to be raised for the relief of the poor, in such manner as they may reimburse themselves, or be reimbursed for any monies by them expended in matters relating to the poor.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no person enrolled in Supplement the said supplementary militia shall, during his service therein, rnJn not li*. according to the directions of the said act of the present session, yc to be be liable to be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia raised or to choren by be raised by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year afore- ballot to said, or any other ad relating to the said militia. otheVmilitla.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants, gut> rhvision

or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one meetings may

justice of the peace, at any sub-division meeting to be held after fix the turns

the passing of this act, may fix the average current price then to be paid for

paid, or which in their judgement shall be a reasonable sum to Voluntvers,

I t r 1 > r, r 1.. according to

be paid for a volunteer in the said supplementary militia; and which the

that in every case where any person falling within the circum* elm ms for

fiances provided for by the said act of the twenty-sixth year half the cur-

aforesaid, shall claim to be entitled to one half of the current

price then paid for a volunteer, such price shall, in ail cases re- shall be afeer-

lating to the said supplementary militia, be ascertained by the tained.

average current price then fixed by the said deputy lieutenants or justices respectively, to be paid for volunteers in the said supplementary militia, and not according to the directions contained in

the said act of the twenty-fmh year aforesaid; one moiety of

which price so to be fixed shall be paid to such person by such churchwardens or overseers of the poor, at such times, and in such manner, and under such regulations, in all respects, except

as to the amount thereof as aforesaid, as are provided by the said

act of the twenty-six tli year a fore fa id.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if in any county, rid- In anyplace or place, for which any men are to be raised for the said where the

ing,

supplementary militia, the numbers appointed to be raised by the pointe^o^be said act of the present session shall, together with the numbers raised by the serving in the militia for the same county, riding, or place, act of the raised by virtue of the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, amount in the whole to more than the propor- Irving

tion herein after mentioned within such county, riding, or place, in the militia, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of the same to transmit to his lh'll amount Majesty's privy council an account in writing of the true date of the number of persons liable to serve under the said act of the portion0 the" twenty-sixth of his present Majesty j on receipt of which his litmen; nt Majesty's privy council final forthwith fix and lettle, as nearly as to transmit an may be, the number of the supplementary militia, who shall ^unt ot serve for such county, riding, or place, so as not to exceed, to- ^le to lerve gether with the numbers feiving in the said militia raised under 26 Geo. under the authority of the said act of the twenty-lixch year 3- cc7-of his present Majesty, the proportion of one for every fix of ^ounci^who the whole number of persons returned by the lieutenant as^fix the liable to serve under the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his number of

m 3 present

166 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2.2. [1796.

the supple- present Majesty; and where the number of supplementary militia

mentary nu-lila, and if less than the number appointed by the act of the present fe£ fion, the surplus shall

men, so fixed by his Majesty's privy council, shall be less than the number of such militia men who are by the said act of the present session of parliament appointed.to serve for any county, riding, or place, then and in every such case the general meeting of lieutenancy for such county, riding, or place, assembled for that purpose, in case the said supplementary militia shall have been raised for such county, riding, or place, fit all discharge, by

be discharged, bailot, proportionally out of each respective hundred, rape, lath, ^c# wapentake, or other division, so many militia men as shall exceed

the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and in case the said supplementary militia shall not have been raised for such county, tiding, or place, then the said general meeting of lieutenancy shall make an apportionment of the number of men to be raised in each hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or division, within such county, riding, or place, according to the number of men so fixed and settled by his Majesty's privy council as aforesaid; and the deputy lieutenants of the respective sub-divisions within such county, riding, or place, shall ballot for such number of men only as shall be so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

XVI. And whereas at the time of puffing the said add of the pre-Jcnt session, no return had teen or yet is made for the tozun of Birmingham in the county of Warwick, ' of the number of men liable to serve in the said supplementary militia for the said town: be it further enacted, That as soon as a return shall be made to his Majesty's pi ivy council, of the number of men liable to serve for the said town of Birmingham, in the said supplementry militia (which return the lieutenant of the said county of Warwick is hereby required to make as soon as conveniently may be), it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's privy council, and they are

As soon as a return of the number of men liable to serve for Birmingham is made to the

to serve, in a certain proportion to the number contained in the returns.

?hey^shal^fix hert'fiy required forthwith to fix and settle, as near as may be, the number the number of men who shall serve in the said supplementary militia for the said town of Birmingham, and which number so to be fixed shall not bear a greater proportion to the number of persons contained in such returns than shall be necessary to bring the number cf men now serving for the town of Birmingham in the militia for the county of Warwick, and the number so to be fixed for the said supplementary militia, in the whole to the proportion as near as may be of one for every fix persons contained in the said returns so to be made for the said town of Birmingham, and to transmit accounts of the number so fixed and settled to the lieutenant of the said county of Warwick for the time being.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks of the general sub-division meetings of lieutenancy, constables, and other officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute the said act passed in this session of parliament, or this act, in any of the particulars therein or herein mentioned, and who judge proper, shall respectively execute the same to the satisfaction of the juf-

of the^ounty tlces l^e Peace at *e*r respective quarter sessions assembled within the said counties, ridings, and places, therein mentioned, shall have and receive such rewards, and no other, for their care

Officers executing act to receive such rewards as the quarter sessions shall

rates.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22. 167

and trouble in and about the executing the said act of the present session of parliament and this act, and for their respective expences and charges in the same, as the justices shall judge the said officers to have deferred; and the said justices dial], after allowance thereof, airedt the same to be paid by the treasurer, or other officer of such county, riding, or place, out of any money in his hands of the county rates; and if such treasurer or officer shall not have sufficient money in his hands, of the county rates, to pay the same, then such justices shall, and are hereby authorised and required to make a rate for the payment of the same, in such manner and form as they are authorised by law to make rates for the repair of gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The County Rate, is or may by law be applicable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an Provisions of act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late ma- 24 Geo. 3. jeffy King George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering ^teridto justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, and for lieutenants indemnifying constables and others afiing in obedience to their warrants, and deputy shall extend to all his Majesty's lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants, lieutenants, aching in the execution of this act, or the said act of the present session, in like manner and as fully and effectually as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no order or conviction No order or

made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or by conviction to

be removed, or

any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieu- execution

tenant, together with any oae justice of the peace, or by any superseded by

justice or justices of the peace by virtue of the said act of the pre- writ of

sent session, or this act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the Certiorari.

county, riding, division, city, town, or place, wherein such order

+or conviction was made, into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction so made in pursuance of the said act of the present session, or of this act; but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

[The proyffi-

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the provisions of this act shall, in the execution of the said act passed in jgcitedaS of the present session of parliament, be used and applied, and con- the present strued, in like manner as if the same provisions were specially session, to be enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the used in exe-said act shall, in the execution of this act, be used, applied, ex- either* 0 tended, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions

were specially enacted in this act.

[Act may be

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be this^"

made in this session of parliament. 4 session.

168 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2.3. [1796.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a pr« viiioml force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

[December 30, 1796.]

Preamble, re-

WHEREAS it is expedient that an act passed in the present citing n <ft of Jeff on of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling his Ma-testion^c0^ jftly to 1 aile a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in

J*cale of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms, shouh be explained and amended, in the particulars herein after mentioned: may»it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person shall be exempt from the service em t from mentioned in the said act, by reason of his or her having been an

service unless artlc^ed clerk or apprentice, unless the articles or indentures under bound'on or which such person shall be bound shall have been executed on or before Odt.io, before the iweniieth day of Chioher one thousand seven hundred fe^vdnanthen an<^ nmety"^x> anc^ ur, Rfs such person shall be actually serving ° w under such articles or indentures at the time of his or her claiming such exemption.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act, pasted in the present session, as exempts any teacher of a private

separate con cor, greg2tion from the service required by the said act, shall be gregation lia- and is hereby repealed: and that no licensed teacher to any ble to service, separate congregation, shall be liable to the service required by who is not the fa*IC| who shall not be charged to the said dudes on horses for more than one horse, mare, or gelding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person not charged

to any of the duties on horses for more than three horses, mares, or geldings, shall have served or been entered in any volunteer corps of cavalry, raised by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol thenselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or

three, serving ccoft< or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present. in the cavalry __________ n ^, a u*

No articled clerk or apprentice ex-

exemption is claimed.

No licensed teacher of a

charged to the duties on horses for more than one.

Persons not charged to the duties on hoiks for more than

war, or who shall enter or offer himself, and be accepted before the fifteenth day of January out thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to serve in any such corps raised or to be raised by virtue of the said act, before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or such other day to which the bailot, within any sub-division of a county, riding, or division, shall be postponded by his Majesty's privy council, in the manner herein after directed; and if such person shall, at his own expence, furmfh a mare of gelding for the said service, in such

fts; but if any Corps, then such person shall not be liable to be clasted, or to

such person provide any man, or furnish any mare or gelding, in pursuance

charged for of the said act of the present session, in respect of such horses,

raised under 34 Geo 3. c. 31. or who shall be accepted to serve by a limited time, rior to be tlnfrc under recited; ct for lueh hor-

579^0 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 169

mares, or geldings, not exceeding three, for which he shall be more than so charged: provided always, That if any such person as afore- ^ee ^es* raid, being charged for more than three such horles, shall be ^ted or* appointed or chosen by ballot to provide for the service required chofcnby bal-by the said act of the present session of parliament, such person lot to serve, be shall be obliged to provide a proper substitute or substitutes, for the service thereby required, although by reason of the personal

service of such person in such volunteer corps he cannot be enrolled under the said act of the present session of parliament; and as also persons that any other person who shall by virtue of the said act be ap- choftn^by bal pointed or choien by ballot to provide for the service thereby i0t, deemed requited, and who shall be deemed unfit for personal service unfit for fer-therein* for any cause to be allowed by the deputy lieutenants, vice> of ]'cfuf-or one deputy lieutenant, and one justice of the peace, acting °e

for the lbb-di vision, or who shall refuse or neglect to take the oath required to be taken under the said act, as amended by this act, shall be obliged to provide a substitute or substitutes for the service thereby required.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no inferior officer of his Certain per- Majesty's duties of customs, nor any supervisor, riding officer, or exemPt" other inferior officer of the duties on salt, who shall not be respectively charged to the said duties on horses for more than one

horse, mare, or gelding, and who shall make it appear to the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or to one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, at any sub-division meeting to be held as aforesaid, that he is obliged by the regulations or orders of his fu peri or officers to keep such horse, mare, or gelding, for the necessary performance of his duty, as such officer, shall be liable to provide any man, or any mare, or gelding, for his Majesty's service, in pursuance of the said act 01 the prdenc session of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That no mare, or gelding, No horse of provided by any person by virtue of the said act, and being of the 14 har)?s or, height of fourteen hands or upwards, shall be deemed unfit for r^e&edVn^service, or rejected at any muster held under the said act of the account of its present session, by reason that such mare or gelding may be under height.

the height required by the said act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act of the present session as requires every person previously to his t'wear^he is a° being enrolled, or permitted to serve in the cavalry of any county, Protestant, riding, or place, to swear that he is a Protestant, shall be, and and in admi-it is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the oerfan or niftennS th.e persons authorised to administer the oath prescribed by the said vJorjs to be act of the present session of parliament, and he and they is and omitted, are hereby required in every case in administering the same, to omit the following words, videlicet; And I do swear that I am a ProtestantP

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Where de- said deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, have already omitted, or shall at any time or times jJave^omitted hereafter omit, to meet or execute any of the powers of the said to meet to ex -

aft ecute the re-.

i70 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

cited aft, aft: of the present session of parliament, at the time or times, or ^ey-ymeet acccording to the manner prescribed by the said act, it' shall and pose ^nd^re may for ^le deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of

required as them, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, soon after a (Sting for any sub-division of any county, riding, or division, to a (Ting this meet and execute the said powers, or any of them, at any other

ad as convenient, to meet to

time or times, and from time to time as there shall be occasion; execute the 2nd they are hereby authorised and required, as soon after the same.

Mode of pealing.

passing of this act as shall be convenient, to meet at such time or times as they shall think fit, and execute the same at any meeting or meetings, to be held in pursuance of (even days previous notice, to be given in the manner directed by the said act, or by adjournment, as the case may require, so as the said act may be fully executed; and all meetings and acts of the said deputy lieutenants or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace in any such sub-division, which have been already had pursuant (in all other respects) to the directions of the la d aft, or which shall hereafter be had under the authority given by this act, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding such former omission or defect.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person whose name shall be inserted in any list or class made out in pursuance of the said act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved thereby, and shall claim to be exempted from the service mentioned therein, it shall be lawful for such person, and he or she is hereby required, in every case where no ballot shall have taken place, to appeal to the sub-division meeting appointed to be held for the purpose of taking the ballot to be made for such class, and before such ballot shall take place, and that where such ballot shall have taken place before the passing of this act, then to appeal to the next sub-division meeting for hearing such appeals to be held by the appointment of two or more of the said deputy lieutenants, or of one deputy lieutenant and one'justice of the peace, or by adjournment, which meetings the said deputy lieutenants and justices respectively are hereby authorised and required, whenever there shall be occasion, to appoint, at any time after the eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and within twenty-one days after the passing of this act, unless a meeting shall beheld by adjournment on a convenient day within the time before limited; and any two or more of the said deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such appeals; and the determination of the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them there assembled, or the major part of nic^iing3 to be tem^ or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace there assembled, shall be final to all intents and purposes; and the said deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively shall, after Lifts, See.may hearing any such appeal, direct, as the case shall require, the lifts, be amended aiKj also the classes in all cases where any exemption shall be and a irc(h aj|0Wed in any class, to be amended 5 and if there shall be occasion,

Meetings for bearing appeals to be appointed when necessary.

Determina^ tion at such

ballot taken.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 171

a fresh ballot to be taken; and shall and may from time to time adjourn their meetings, or appoint other meeiings, and repeat the amending of the lifts and making the new classes, and taking a fresh bailot, as often as may be necessary for carrying the purposes of the said a c1 of the present session into execution.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Classes not to amendment shall be made in any class, unless the name of some amended person or persons inferred therein shall have been struck out, or cases^Certam the number of horses, mares, or geldings, inserted therein shall 9

have been altered by the order of two deputy lieutenants, or one

deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace; and that no fresh nor any frt'fh

ballot' shall take place until such class shall be amended by the°j^totake

insertion of the name or names of some other person or persons"

therein, and so as to make up the due number of horses, mares,

and geldings required to be inserted therein: provided also, That Sub-division

in order to fill up any class or clafLs from which the name or meetings may

names of any person or persons shall have been struck out, it shall be lawful for two or more of the said deputy lieutenants, names or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, at have been

any sub-division meeting, whenever the name of any person struck out, by

charged to the said duties on horses who ought to be classed in^eitin2' n. r 1 r, r, names omit-

mall have been omitted, to cause the lame to be interred tecj

in any such defective class, in order to compleat such class, or if it shall be expedient, then to distribute the persons com-poling any entire class orclafTes amongst the said defebfive claiTes, in such manner as to compleat the same, and so from time to time to alter, vary, or amend such classes, as often as shall be necessary, until all such classes shall be compleated, according to the intent and meaning of the said a«51 of the present session of parliament; and it shall be lawful for the lieutenant General meet-and two deputy lieutenants, or for three deputy lieutenants, atnSs maY> t any general meeting of lieutenancy for any county, riding, or b^taken^10* division, where a ballot shall have taken place before the passing p]: ice before of this act, if they respectively shall fee occasion, to amend the pa fling this classes in various instances, to direct the formation of the dalles a<T direc1 throughout any sub-division of such county, riding, or division, beformed^nd where such instances occur, anew, and to proceed to ballot a ballot thereupon as if no such former ballot had been made. to be made.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing £epUty ]jeLl. herein-before contained shall be construed to authorise or require tenants, &c. the respective deputy lieutenants or jufficcs of the peace, or any not to annul of them, to annul or let aside any of their proceedings respecthng pr?c*n^s any class or classes of persons already made, or any appointment ^alTcs'already or appointments, or bailot, already had, unless in their judge- made, &c. meat the same shall appear to be necessary and expedient, for unless for the purpose of completing such of the said classes from which any completing names of persons, or any enumeration of mares or geldings, have been alu-recT been ffruck out upon appeal as aforesaid, or otherwise, iri pur-on appeal, &c. fuance of the directions of this ail.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the number of horses, The number mares, or geldings, included in any assessment or assessments made after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- mJnt made

six,

ijz Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

after April 5, six, or to be made, to any of the duties granted by the acts of ^aie^twenhMourt^ twenty-ninth, and thirty-fourth years of the

1 u reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, in the said act of the present session of parliament mentioned, shall be inserted in the schedule directed by the said act to be laid before the general meetings of lieutenancy in their respective counties, ridings, and places in the said act described; and that from time to time new schedules shall be prepared of any other horses, mares, or geldings, which shall be.assessed to the said duties, or any of them, to be laid before such general meetings, which last mentioned

duties granted by Certain acts, to be inserted in the Schedules to he Hid before the general meetings; and new schedules, from time to time, of other horseS a defied to those duties, to be laid before them, until the service required

horses, mares, or geldings, shall from time to time be enume-

rated or clafoed in the manner herein directed, until the service required by trie said act shall be completed: provided always, That if any person shall have bona fide ceased to keep or use any horse, mare, or gelding, cr any number of horses, mares, or geldings, for which he or fire is charged in any such assessment, at all times since the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and shall have remained during the be completed. wj-10jc interval without any horse, mare, or gelding, liable to any Per fens ceai- tile duties, in lieu of the former horse, mare, or gelding, holies for^horses, marcs, or geldings, it shall be lawful for the deputy which they are lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieute-afseised, since nant and one justice of the peace, acting for any sub-division 0-51. 20, 1796, before whom any appeal for that cause shall be brought in pur-, -peal Ztt ftiance of this act, to discharge such horse, mare, or gelding, or them ft ruck such horses, mares, or geldings, which such person shall have coded to keep or use as aforesaid, from the copy of the schedule whereon the same respectively shall appear to have been so charged; and such person shall not be liable to provide for the service required by the said act in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding Ifruck out of such copy, in the manner and for the cause herein dhefted.

out of the schedule.

Persons charged for other 11 titles under the management of the commiftV); ers for t in a d liferent pi '.ce'han for horses, may el.cC in which; hi: y shall 1 e returned, S: c.

XII. And be it further enacted, Thft it shall and may be lawful for any person liable to the service required by the said act of the present (eflion, who shall be charged to any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of tuxes, in any place different from the place or places where he or ffte hiall be charged to the said duties on horses, to elect in which of the said places he or foe shall be returned as liable to the kid service, giving such notices thereof and procuring such certificates as are required to be made and procured by the said act in other cases where Inch election may be made; and in case such person ibail elect to serve in the place where he or she shall be charged to any other addled duties than the said duties on horses, then the number of horses, mares, or geldings, for which he shall be so charged, shall be indorsed or written upon the afle foment made after the fifth day of dpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in respect of such other duties upon such person in the place where he or foe foal! make such elect ion to serve in pursuance of such certificates; and all fines and penalties which such person may incur, and all other payments to which

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 173

such person may become liable, in pursuance of the said act, shall and may from time to time Be added to the said assessment upon which the number of horses, mares, or geldings, for which he or she shall be so charged, shall be endorsed or written in pursuance of such certificates, and shall be levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein respectively contained, subject to such application as is provided by the said in respect of fines, penalties, and other payments aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every class of persons made out or to be made out in pursuance of the said act of jot ^all fall, the present session, the person on whom the lot shall fall shall be shall provide bound to provide a man, who shall be approved in the manner an approved directed by the said act; and that no allowance shall be made to an» anc* no such person in respect thereof beyond such sum as shall be settled no l^lTbe*1 made; by the general meeting of lieutenancy of the same county, riding, in respetft

or division, where such person shall be chose

to be a fair com- thereof be-pensation in respedi of the cloathing to be provided; unless such person shall be deemed unfit for the said service, in which case c-eneral meet-an allowance shall be made, in respect thereof, of such firm of ing, unless the money as shall be settled at a sub-division meeting of lieutenancy person be in the division of the same county, riding, or place, where such ^f^vdce^person fmll serve, to be a fair compensation for the same, and which compensation shall be apportioned, assessed, collected, and paid in the manner directed by the said adfc. N

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no allowance shall be to be made'to made to any person on whom the lot shall fall, in any class, to the person on provide a mare or gelding for the said service, beyond such sum whom the lot as shall be settled at a general meeting of lieutenancy, to be si-

lowed for any extra expences to be incurred in providing furni- horse, beyond ture, and in maintaining and keeping such mare or gelding, the sum set-unless such person, at the time of such ballot being had, shall not ded a general be actually possessed of any mare or gelding, which shall be ^p-proved in pursuance of the directions contained in the said act; ballot he shall in which case such allowance dial I be made, as shall be settled at not be pof-such sub-division meeting of lieutenancy as aforesaid to be a fair k(Ted of aa compensation for the same, and which shall be apportioned, af-adP^ovecl sessed, collected, and paid, in the manner directed by the said act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act recited^a^as

made in the present session of parliament, as directs an allowance directs allow-to be made to the person who shall provide a substitute in cases ance in certain where in any class there shall not be a person fit for military ler- for vice, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. p»aled'r6-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any mare or ^rbenev^r gelding which shall have been approved at a mu (ler made in pur- any horse shall fuance of the said act of the present session, shall die, or become die or become unfit for service, the person before appointed or chosen by ballot unfit for fer-to provide such mare or gelding shall be obliged to provide ano- f^K^itiit^'die ther mare or gelding, which shall be approved in like manner; or\c dif-and that whenever any substitute fib all die, or shall be discharged charged, the in pursuance of the said act, the person who shall have provided perloa who such substitute shall be obliged to provide another man to the said another, for

174 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

which be shall said service in the room of the substitute so dying or discharged;

and in every such case the person so providing such other man,

receive compensation.

or

such other mare or gelding, shall

a compensation,

to

be settled at a sub-division meeting of lieutenancy in the manner allowance0 before directed: provided always, That where such allowance shall be made shall be made in respect of any mare or gelding provided under for a horse, it this act, such mare or gelding shall remain under and subject to shall be lub- all the conditions, restrictions, and regulations, for returning the same, as are contained in the said act, in the like cases where allowances are directed to be made by the said act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the persons charged or to be charged to the said duties on horses, in any county, riding, or division, at any time during the continuance of the said act of the present session, until the men serving in pursuance of the said act shall be called out and embodied according to the directions therein contained, although such persons may not be included in any class or dalles, and although such persons respectively may serve, or may have provided for the said service, in

jec5t to the conditions of the recited act All persons charged to the duties on horses, until the men serving underihe recited act, shall be embodied, shall be liable to be a fie fled towards allowances.

Persons enrolled may, before their corps are ordered to be drawn out, produce substitutes.

Whenever the

the manner directed by the said act, shall be liable to be assessed according to the general estimate to be made in such county, riding, or division, towards the allowances to be made in pursuance of the said act and of this act, in proportion to the number of horses, mares, or geldings, for which he or the are or shall be charged to the said duties.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person appointed or chosen by bailot, and enrolled to serve by virtue of the said act of the present session, at any time before the corps in which he shall be enrolled shall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give notice in writing of his intention to refgn to any one or more of the deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace acting for the sub-division for which he shall serve, and to produce a substitute at the next meeting to be holden for such sub-division after such norice, who, being approved, shall be enrolled and sworn in the manner directed by the said act, and thereupon the person so resigning shall be entitled to his discharge, to be made out in writing under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace acting as aforesaid,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the men

men are called serving under the find act of the present lession shall be called out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or any t wo or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, acting for any sub-division of a county, riding, or division, by an order in writing under their hands and seals, to dirtd the receiver general of the same county, riding, or division, to pay to the commanding officer of such men, or other person appointed provisionally to the com-

out, the dc puty lieutenants, kc. may direct the county receiver general to pay not exceeding 10l. in respect of each lVibfti-tute, &c.

mand for ceedi serve

of such men, in respect of each and every person serving the respective sub-divisions as a substitute, any sum not ex-g ten pounds, as the person for whom such substitute shall

shall have contracted to give to such substitute, such contract

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 175

being registered with the clerk of the sub-division where

inch substitute shall serve, within one month after the time of his enrolment in the said service; and such receiver general shall forthwith pay the same accordingly out of any monies in his

hands of the monies raised by virtue of the said act, or if he ill a! i

not have sufficient of the said money, then to pay the same out of any monies in his hands, or which shall be paid to him of or for any of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, all which sums so paid shall be allowed

to such receiver general in his accounts,

XX. And be it further enacted, That if in any sub-division Volunteers c J c t raised under

or any county, riding, or division, any number or volunteers Geo. 3

who shall be formed or raised under the authority of the said act c. 31. before passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Ma- Jan. 15, 1797, jesty, at any time after the passing of this act, and before the ^nd^their^ fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ]lorfeg5 mRy seven, shall be produced before the deputy lieutenants, or before be registered; one deputy lieutenant and one juliice of the peace, at any meet- and it they ing held for such sub-division within the time before limited; am^nt [Qh and if each of such volunteers shall be respectively cloathed, and tS0°^e e shall be provided with a mare or gelding fit for military service, raised in the.and fhair be, together with their respective mares or geldings, sub-division approved by such deputy lieutenants or justices, in the manner^directed by the said act of the present session, it ill a 11 and may be the present lawful for such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, session, the or such deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace as aforesaid, to further exe-cause their names and places of abode to be registered in books to be prepared for that purpose, and kept by the clerk of such certSn^parti-sub-division meetings; and if the number of volunteers to be re- outers, befuf-giftered in any sub-division within the time before limited shall pended, amount to or exceed three fourth parts of the whole number of men to be raised within such sub-division by virtue of the said act of the present session, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace there attending, may suspend the further execution of the said act of the present session within such sub-division, so far as re spedls the making of appointments, and the taking of ballots of persons to provide men, and to furnish mares and geldings for his Majesty's service, and for enforcing their attendance at muf-ter; and every volunteer so registered shall, in all cases where Volunteers so such suspension shall take place, be entitled to receive, and shall J

be allowed, the like compensation for extra expences in respect kcton-of cloathing to be provided, or for maintaining and keeping their ponfktious as respective mares or geldings fit for milirary service, as by the said persons chofi a act of the present session of parliament and this act is directed to by bailot, be allowed to persons chosen by ballot to provide for his Majesty's service under the said act of the present session; which allowances shall be settled by the general meetings of lieutenancy in the same county, riding, or division, and shall be assessed in the manner directed by the said act; and the monies so payable shall be received by the deputy lieutenant^ and paid over to the commanding

176

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

ing officer of such volunteers, for the use of such volunteers, in the manner therein directed; and that all rules and methods for.making and collecting assessments under the said act of the present session shall be applied and extended to the making and collecting the assessments to be paid to the use of the said volunteers, as fully and effectually as if the lame had been hereby expressly applied and extended thereto.

If the number

XXI. And be it further enacted, That although the number of voluntc-us 0|: volunteers to be so registered within any such sub-division, io reeiitcreu j /

shall not a- v/ithin the time herein limited, shall not amount to three fourth

mount to such parts of the whole number of men to be raised within such sub-3-4th parts, dffiuon under the authority of the said act of the present session, beTa Proved^nevert'neless it shall and may be lawful for such of the said volun-mayVVeV teers wk° &all be cloathed and equipped as aforesaid, and who the in (VI res for shall be approved, to enter themselves on the behalf of particular particular persons and dalles required to provide for the said military fer-cki's Vef.ec v*ce mider ffidadi, and to nominate the persons and classes ting whom the for which they are respectively willing to serve; and the said deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace there attending, shall cause the same to be registered in such books as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively to cause the further execution of the said act of the present session to be suspended within such sub-division, so

further execution of the recited act shall be fu impended, &c.; and in such

ciivilion meeting shall proceed to execute the act with respect to such classes or persons on whole behalf

cases the iub- far as respects the making of appointments, and the taking of ballots of the persons and classes on the behalf of which such volunteers shall enter themselves, and for enforcing the attendance at muster either1 of the persons enrolled in the said service by virtue of any appointments or ballots taken-of such persons and classes respectively, or of the volunteers who shall enter themselves on the behalf of such persons and classes respectively; and every vo-110 volunteers lunteer so entered shall be entitled to receive, and shall be allow-shall have en- the like compensation for extra expences as is herein-before 4"'red* directed to be allowed to volunteers to be registered under the authority of this act; and that in every case where volunteers shall be entered on the behalf of any persons or classes as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or any one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace, at any meeting of such sub-division, shall, within a reasonable time, proceed within such sub-division to appoint such persons, and to c ho off persons by ballots from such ciaffes only, and to enforce the enrolment or attendance at muster of such persons only on whose behalf no volunteers shall have so entered themselves, un-Jess in the meantime such suspension thereof as is herein after An account mentioned shall be directed; and the said deputy lieutenants and Ve V VeUn* juccs of the peace respectively shall forthwith transmit an act ran hr. itted count of the number of volunteers so entering themselves to the

to the county lieutenant of the same county, riding, or division, who shall lii.uten.int, transmit the same, without delay, to his Majesty's privy coun-mbVVtVtV'and, #t anc* may be lawful for his Majesty's privy counprivy council, cil to direct a suspension of the further execution of the said act who may al- within any such sub-division, for such time as shall be thought low a further'expedient,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 177

expedient, in order to give a reasonable opportunity to complete time for com-the quota of such sub-division by the raising and entering of volunteers for the remaining persons and classes in such sub-divi-^'

fion; and in such case it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively acting for such sub-division, within the time allowed by his Majesty's privy council, to enter any further number of volunteers on the behalf of the remaining persons and classes in such sub-division, and at the end If at the end of the time so allowed to make such appointments of the remain- of the time ing persons, and choose such persons by ballot out of the remain- 16

ing classes, or to enrol and enforce the attendance at muster of amount to persons before appointed or chosen by bailot, on whose behalf no 3-4ths of the volunteers shall then have entered, as shall be requisite: provided whole to be always, That if at the end of the time so allowed, the number °lr or

volunteers so entered shall amount to or exceed three fourth parts bailot, &c. of the whole number of men to be raised within such sub-division, shall take place then and in such case no appointment or bailot, nor any enrol- in foment or muster of persons appointed or ballotted, or their respective substitutes, shall take place within or for such sub-division, under the said act passed in the present session of parliament. be subject to

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the provisions every volunteer so to be registered or entering himself on the be- of the recited half of any other person or class as aforesaid, shall continue to be ^th^34th and shall be understood to serve under and subject to the provi- entitled to the fions and regulations of the said act of the thirty-fourth year of like exemp-the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be entitled to all and tions as vo-every the exemptions which any volunteer entered into any such

corps, at any time before the passing of this act, or the said act fgno. this of the present session, may be entitled to, by any act or acts passed or the recited in the present session of parliament, but shall not be considered act of the pre-as liable to the regulations of the said act passed in the present noTflabV session, either as to his attendance at muster, or to his being to the refute* drawn out and embodied in pursuance of the said act, or to any tions, except penalty or forfeiture for non-attendance at such muster, or non- such as relate compliance with any of the said regulations, except as to such to allowances, regulations as are herein-before provided with respect to the al- When the vo-lowances to be made to such volunteers under the authority of tered'fo/an1^ the said act of the present session, or of this act. sub-division

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the num- shall amount

ber of volunteers registered for any sub-division shall amount to to thepropor-the proportion herein-before specified, all and every the appoint- befo^eci ments already made, and ballots already taken or had, in purfu- £ed, the ap-ance of the said act for such sub-division, shall be, and are hereby pointments declared to be void.'made, and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and void/ one justice of the peace acting for any sub-division, where the \Vbere the appointments and ballots to be made by virtue of the said act appointments shall not have already taken place, to suspend the making such and ballots appointments, and taking such ballots, until the fifteenth day of tak^nn°la^V^ January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or such

VOL, XLI. N other funded

178 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

other day to which the same shall be postponed by his Majesty's privy council, in order that the provisions of this act, with respect to the raising of volunteers, may have their due effect.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the officers who shall be provisionally appointed by the lieutenant or general meeting of'lieutenancy of any county, riding, or division, with the approbation of his Majesty, to the' command of men enrolled by virtue of this act, whenever they shall be formed into a regiment, battalion, or troop, in pursuance of the said act, shall attend the musters which shall be directed to be made of men so enrolled in their respective sub-divisions, until such men shall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, and shall have full power and authority to execute the said act of the present session of parliament, in all things which may lawfully be done by officers appointed to muster such men.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person being of the people called fakers, shall at any time on or before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at the tirft sub-division meeting which shall be held after names (truck the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-andb^foed seven> produce or cause to be produced, before the deputy lieute-aos. for each riants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace acting ho rfc for which for the sub-division where such person shall be liable to the service they are^required by the said act, a certificate under the hands of two or more charged with repUtable housekeepers being of the people called Quakers, acknowledging such person to be of their persuasion, it shall and may be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant, and one justice of the peace, to cause the name of such person to be struck out of any list or class then made, whether a ballot shall have taken place for such sub-division or not, and thereupon such lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively, are required to fine such person in the sum of twenty shillings for each and every horse, mare, or gelding, for which such person shall be charged to the said duties, which sum shall be added to the last assessment of such person to the said duties on horses, and shall be levied at the next subsequent payment to be made of any of the said duties, and applied in such manner as is directed by the said act with respect to any fines thereby imposed. No order, &c. XX VU. And be it further enacted, That no order or convic-

to be removed tion raade by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or gj? ertioran, ^any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any one justice of the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of the said act of this present session or this act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, division, city, town or place, wherein such order or conviction was made, into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction so made in pursuance of the said act of the present session, or of this act; but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

Officers to attend mullers of men enrolled, when formed, until embodied, Uz.

Quakers on producing a certificate thereof, dial I have their

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24. 179

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of provisions of this act shall, in the execution of the said act passed redted^a^F in the present session of parliament be used and applied, and con- this session strued, in like manner as if the same provisions were specially shall be appli-enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the £d in the exe-said act shall, in the execution of this act, be used, applied, ex- either^tended, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions

were specially enacted in this act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Act may he

this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts this^"

to be made in this present session of parliament, session.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to explain and amend an at7, made in this present session of - parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

[December 30, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an aft0 passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a'Act of present certain number of men in the several counties in England, lor c. 4>

the service of his Majesty's army and navy, should be explained and amended, in the particulars herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the Volunteers advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- redtedUafter mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority for t^e army of the same, That any volunteer or volunteers raised under the may be said act for the army, who shall be approved by the regulating brought be-officer, may be brought before any two justices of the same "

county, riding, division, or place, residing near to the place ofmay'cause rendezvous, to be examined touching his consent to enter into them to beat-such service; and it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to tested accord-cause such volunteer or volunteers to be attested and (worn in the fofmJn the manner and according to the form in the schedule to this act an- annexed nexed (mutatis mutandis). schedule.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices may justices of the peace before whom any such volunteer shall be order, over attested, over and above such part of the bounty as shall have part of the been agreed to be paid to such volunteer on his engaging to serve, to to direct and order the further sum of one guinea, out of such volunteers on bounty, to be advanced and paid to the officer or officers appointed engaging, one to receive, and who shall receive, such volunteer, to be by him ^ehfln^of6 laid out in providing immediate necessaries for such volunteer. ficer^for ne-III. And be it further enacted, That if any volunteer or vo- ceflaries. lunteers who shall be so attested shall defect from his Majesty's If volunteers service at any time before such volunteer or volunteers shall have desert before arrived at the head quarters of their respective regiments, if they arrive at such regiments shall then be in Great Britain, and if such regi- chatlfam^hc ment shall then be on foreign service before such volunteer or pavifli must volunteers shall have arived at Chatham barracks, the parish provide

N 2 or others, and

i8o Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24, [1796.

or parishes by which such volunteers were provided shall be unpai^may to provide other fit' and able men in lieu of those who shall be applied for f° desert, -to be raised in the manner directed by the said act, that purpose. within fourteen days after notice in writing of such desertion shall be given to the respective overseers of such parishes or places by the officer from whom such volunteer or volunteers deferred; and the bounties agreed to be given to any such volunteers who shall desert, and remaining unpaid, maybe applied for the purpose Officers to re- Gf providing other men in lieu of those who shall ckfert: provided overseers the a^waYs^ "That the officer or officers who shall receive such other sum received men in lieu of those who have deserted, shall return to the re-for necessaries spective ovftfeers of the poor of the respective parishes by whopi ofdefsrters, such men shall be raised, all sums received by him or them for a guinea*2^t^ie Purpose of providing necessaries as aforesaid, not exceeding the sum of one guinea for each such man; all which sums of money so repaid shall be allowed to such officer or officers in his or their accounts.

On arrival of volunteers at quarters or Chatham, a pay ticket to be transmitted to the county receiver general, who shall pay the remainder of bounties, and demand the same of the county trea-fu-rer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any volunteer raised under the said act for the army, shall have arrived at the head quarters of the regiment for which he shall be attested, if such regiment shall then be in Great Britain, or if such regiment shall be on foreign service, shall have arrived at Chatham barracks, it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of such regiment, in every case where the regiment for which such volunteer shall be attested shall then be in Great Britain, and for the inspector general of the recruiting service at Chatham in every case where the regiment for which such volunteer shall be attested shall then be on foreign service, and they are hereby respectively required to make out and transmit the pay ticket directed to be made out by the said act (and which ticket shall be made out in the manner directed thereby) to the receiver general of the county where such volunteer shall have been raised, and such receiver general, shall and he is hereby empowered to pay to the order of such commanding officer, or such inspector general, as the case may require, the remainder of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such volunteer on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, out of any publick monies in the hands of such receiver general; 1 and such receiver general shall pay the same without delay, and shall demand repayment of the same from the county treasurer who shall have received such bounty

money.

Out of the V. And be it further enacted, That out of the bounty money bounty, three which any such officer or such inspector general shall receive in be^pph^ffir pursuance of this act for the use of any volunteer, it shall be lawful nectlFaries, for them respectively to apply part thereof, not exceeding three and the re- guineas, to complete the necessaries to be provided for such vo-th*volnnfeer lunteer> in the manner such commanding officer and inspector*general respectively shall think most for the benefit of the respective volunteers; and the remainder of such bounty money (if any) shall be advanced and paid to such volunteers without de-

lay; and the officer or officers who shall have expended any part

of

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24. 181

of such bounty money in providing necessaries as aforesaid, shall account to such volunteers how the said respective sums have been applied and disposed of, which accounts shall be rendered within a reasonable time after such application thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall P^'fons en-have been already enrolled by virtue of the said act of the present session of parliament, or who shall be enrolled by virtue the overseers, thereof after the passing of this atft, to serve in the army, shall be at the nearest delivered by the overseers of the poor of the parish or parishes rendezvous, for which such person shall be engaged to serve at the nearest q^rterTor place of rendezvous appointed, or to be appointed, for the recep- Chatham* tion of volunteers raised for the army by virtue of the said act, within the county, riding, or division, for which such person shall be engaged to serve; or if not there delivered, then at the head quarters of such regiment, if such regiment shall be in Great Britain, or if such regiment shall be on foreign service, then at Chatham barracks; and that no officer shall be compelled to receive such person at any other place than is herein described.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any volunteer volunteer raised, or to be raised, for the army by virtue of the said ddfoery^ add, who shall have been delivered to the proper officer at the place the rendez-of rendezvous appointed for the reception of volunteers within any vous, the pa-county, riding, or division, shall afterwards desert from such officer or officers, then the parish or parishes for which the person so another°man deserting shall have been raised, and which shall provide any other receive man in lieu of the person so deserting, shall be entitled to receive the sum paid the sum paid to such deserter, not exceeding one third part of such the (]caster, sum as shall have been agreed to be paid to him as a bounty at the " ffiird^of thlf time when he engaged to serve, and which shall have been ex- bounty, $; c, pressed in the certificate of the justices of the peace who shall have attested such person; and the justices of the peace before whom such other man shall be attested, shall, on produdfton of such certificate, or a true copy thereof, attefied by the joffices granting the same, make an order on the receiver general of the county, riding, or division, for the payment of the same; and which sum every such receiver general is hereby required to pay accordingly out of any publick monies in the hands of such receiver general.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever Volunteers any volunteer who, from and after the passing of this act, shall may rc- f be raised for the army by virtue of the said act of the present tS^county0* session of parliament, and entered in any regiment whose head for which quarters shall not then be within the county, riding, or division, raised, tohead for which such volunteer shall be engaged to serve, it shall and maybe lawful to convey such volunteer out of the county, riding, onjy part'Of or division, where he shall have been raised into any other county, their bounty riding, or division, where such head quarters shall be, or to Chatham to be paid til! barracks, as the case may require; and no part of the bounty t*leir arr*Yab money for which he engaged to serve, except one third part thereof allowed by the said act to be paid to him at the time of his enrolment, and the further sum of one guinea, allowed to be paid to the officer for his use for neccftarics by this act, shall be

n 3'paid

If overseers undertake to deliver any per ton raised, at head quarters or Chatham, they

1S2. Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24. [1796.

paid either to him or to his use until he shall have arrived at such head quarters, or at Chatham barracks, as the case may require.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the overseers of the poor of the parish or parishes for which any person already raised, or to be raised, for the army, by the said act is or shall be engaged to serve, shall voluntarily undertake to deliver such person at the head quarters of the regiment for which such a^him Person ]S or enterecL or Chatham barracks, as the case

theoremainder may reclu're> lt &aU an^ maY be lawful for them so to do, and of bounty. to Pay to such person the whole of the bounty money then remaining due to such person, except such sums as the commanding officer of such regiment-, the inspector general of recruits at Chatham, and the officers appointed to receive such men at the places of rendezvous respectively, shall be entitled to receive for the use of such person for providing necessaries, not exceeding in the whole, the sum of four guineas, including the sum of one guinea directed to be advanced to the officer at the time of receiving such person.

X. And be it further enacted, That any parish or parishes which shall cause to be delivered any volunteer raised or to be raised for the army, at the head quarters of the regiment in which he shall be entered, or at Chatha?n barracks as aforesaid, or shall deliver any volunteer raised or to be raised for the navy on board any of his Majesty's {hips of war, at such place and time as is herein-before mentioned, shall, by order of two justices of the peace for the county, riding, or division, where such volunteer shall have been raised, to be granted on the certificate of the commanding officer at the head quarters, or at Chatham barracks, in respectl of recruits for the army, and of the officer having the command of the ship, in respect of recruits for the navy, of such his future officer having received such volunteer, be entitled to receive an allowance after the rate of four-pence for each and every mile such volunteer shall be conveyed, from the receiver general of such county, riding, or division, to be paid to the overseer or overseers of such parish or parishes, by such receiver Receipts to be general out Gf any publick monies in his hands: provided, That

given r Qg FC-^t

ceiver generaln every ca^e where any receiver general is by this act required as his vouch- to pay any sum of money out of any publick monies, the person ers, who shall or persons demanding the same shall give a receipt for the same, wb, ch such receiver general shall produce as a voucher for such treasureT1111^ Payment: provided also, That every such receiver general who shall advance any monies in pursuance of this act, shall be reimbursed the same by and out of any monies which shall come into the hands of the treasurer of such county, riding, or division, of the fines to be paid by any parish or parishes for not raising the number of men required to be raised by the said act, and which shall be directed to be paid to such receiver general by any justices of the peace, in pursuance of the said act; and if such receiver general shall not receive sufficient of such monies, then the deficiency shall be allowed to such receiver general in his accounts.

Parishes deli-veiirtg volunteers at head quarters or Chatham, or on board ship to receive per mile, for the distanc* from the county receiver p'ene ral.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 24. 183

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per- Xo Person to son shall be enrolled to serve in the army, by virtue of the said ^he^rm^uii11 ad, who, being under the age of eighteen years, shall be under^certain the height of five feet three inches, or being above the age of heights, eighteen, shall be under the height of five feet four inches.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where the whole number Where the of men appointed to be raised by or for any place or places, shall not be raised, and a return thereof made to the justices of the raised for any district at a petty sessions, within three weeks next after notice place, further of the order of general sessions shall have been served, in the be

manner directed by the said act of the present session, it shall and ^he general may be lawful for the justices, at such sessions, to allow a further fefli0ns. time for that purpose, not later than the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and at the end of such further time to proceed in the execution of the said act, in the manner they are directed to proceed at the end of the first period of three weeks aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any volunteer entered Volunteers to serve in his Majesty's navy by virtue of the said act of the present session shall, at the voluntary request of the overseers of the t>oarci ship poor of the parish or parishes for which such volunteer shall be from over-engaged to serve, be conveyed by the said overseers on board any seers, who of his Majesty's ships of war, at such place, and within such time, bountkT as the regulating officer by whom such volunteers shall be entered, shall direct, by any order in writing signed by him, it shall and may be lawful for the person taking or having the command of such ship to receive such volunteer from the said overseers of the poor; and the said overseers of the poor may, in the presence of the person taking the command of such ship, pay the whole of the bounty money agreed to be paid, into the hands of such volunteer, to his foie life, every such volunteer giving a receipt to the said overseers, which shall be attested by the person then taking the command of such ship, in token of his having received such volunteer into the said service;

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- Provisions of visions of this act shall, in the execution of the said apafied in this and re-the present session of parliament, be used and applied, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions were specially the execution enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the of either, said act shall, in the execution of this act, be used, applied, extended, and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions were specially enacted in this act,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be

made in this present session of parliament. session.

n 4 SCHEDULE

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

FORM OF ATTESTATION.

Ido make oath, That I am

by trade a and to the best of my knowledge and

belief was born in the parish of in the county of

and that I have no rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits; and that I am no ways disabled by lameness, -or otherwise, but have the prefedt use of my limbs; that I am not an apprentice, nor belonging to the militia, nor to anyothef regiment, nor to his Majesty's navy, or marines; and that I voluntarily enlisted myfelt at in the county of the day of to serve his majesty King George

the Third, as a private soldier, in the regiment,

commanded by or in such other regiment wherein

I shall be required to serve during the continuance of the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the regiment in which I shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or otherwise, for the space of one calendar month next after its arrival in Great Britain.

As witness my hand, at this day of

Witness present

N. B % The justices Certificate, (according to the form No. 8, annexed to the act of the present session, in this act mentioned), to be subjoined to the attestation.

[Preamble.]

Constable of the Tower, and lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets,

&c. may arm and exercise the militia of the hamlets according to 26 Geo. 3.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better raifng and ordering the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex.

[December 30, 1796.]

WH E R E^A S it is expedient to vary the mode of raifng the militia within and for the liberty or difrift of the Tower division, in the county of Middlesex, commonly known by the name of the Tower Hamlets: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's constable of the Tower, and lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets for the time being, and in the absence of the said constable or lieutenant out of the kingdom, or in case of vacancy of the office of lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants of the said hamlets, authorised by his Majesty, or any three or more of them for the time being, or the major part of them, assembled at any publick meeting or court of lieutenancy to be called for that purpose, and they are hereby respectively

empowered

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25

empowered and required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised such persons within and for the said Tower Hamlets, in such manner as in and by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, isdiredbed with respect to the several counties, cities, and places, in the said act named; and that, from and after the passing of this act, all the powers and authorities given and granted by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, or by-any subsequent act or acts of parliament relating to the militia forces of this kingdom, and also all powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any such act or acts, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, with respect to the militia to be raised within and for the said hamlets, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, authorities, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly enacted in and by this act, save and except all such matters and things as are herein after otherwise declared and provided; and that, from and after the passing of this act, the several powers and authorities given, granted, and contained, in an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, so far as the same are repugnant to this act, shall no longer be applied or put in execution with respect to the said Tower Hamlets.

II. And be it further enacted, That the number of men to be raised for the militia of the said Tower Hamlets, out of and from the several parishes, hamlets, manor's, precincts, and liberties, within the same, shall be respectively as follows; (that is to say),

For the parish of Saint Mary, White Chapel\ one hundred and thirty-two.

For the parish of Chris Church, seventy-eight.

For the liberty of Norton Falgate, thirty-one.

For the precinct of the Old Artillery, eleven.

For the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, one hundred and fifty-five.

For the parish of Saint John at Hackney, eighty-four.

For the parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, one hundred and twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Mile End> New Town, twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Mile End, Old Town, fifty-seven.

For the parish of Saint Leonard, Bromley, fix.

For the parish of Saint Mary, Stratford le Bow, twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, twenty-six.

For the parish of Saint Ann, twenty-six.

For the hamlet of Ratcliff forty-four.

For the parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, seventy-one.

For the parish of Saint George, one hundred and ten.

185

c. 107. the provisions of winch shall ext md to them.

13 and 14 Car.

2. c. 3. so far as repugnant to this act, not to be applied to the Tower Hamlets.

Men to be raised in the following proportions.

i86

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

For the parish of Saint John of Woppingforty-five.

For the manor or liberty of Eafi Smith field, forty-five.

For the precinct of Saint Catherines, eleven.

For the liberty of the Tower Without, five.

For the parish of Trinity, Minories, eight.

And for the precinest of /^// Close, nine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said constable, and derk and lieutenant, and in his absence, or on any vacancy as aforesaid, me fieriger, three or more deputy lieutenants, at a publick meeting as afore-

and officers said, may and shall appoint a clerk and messenger, and also such

-Hohave been militia officers as have been usually appointed for the said hamlets, the Km^.^names of such officers having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty.

A general

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said constable, or

tenancy^tcfbe ^eutenant of hamlets, or in his absence, the deputy lieutenants aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to hold a general court of lieutenanc y, for the said hamlets, on the second Thursday next after the passing of this act, for carrying the purposes of this act duly into execution.

Residents in V. And be it further enacted, That the several persons residing and ao^of. t^le Tower Hamlets, and all high and petty constables,

ficers subject headboroughs, and other peace officers, of and for all and every to the like part of the said hamlets, shall be subject to the like duties, re-duties, &c. ?8 ftri&ions, penalties, and punishments, as persons residing in the in counties at several counties at large, and the peace officers acting within and for the same, are by any laws now in being, relating to the militia forces, subject or liable to,

When embo-

VI. And jt further enabled, That whenever the said militia'Vft^may^put out 2nc> embodied, one regiment thereof shall

one regiment remain within the said district of the tower, called the Tower under the Hamlets, for the defence and preservation thereof; and it shall

command of be lawful for his Majesty to put the other regiment of the said cers^to b* led mi^a under the command of such general officers as his Majesty to a certain shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said other regiment drftance. to be led' by its respective officers into any parts of this kingdom, not exceedino; the distance of twelve miles from the tower of London, or to the neared place of encampment, barracks, or quarters, beyond the said distance of twelve miles, for repelling and preventing any invasion, and for the suppression of any rebellion or insurrection within the realm of Great Britain. Constable, &c.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall may continue pe lawful for the said constable, or lieutenant and deputy lieute-n° ne f troPky nants, or any three or more of them respectively as aforesaid, to continue to raise and levy in every year, the proportion of one month's assessment of trophy money within the said hamlets, as he or they have been used to do by virtue and in pursuance of the said a cl passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years ojf the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. 187

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the estates requisite for Qualification the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia oi 0 ncei s* for th t Tower Hamlets shall be as follows; (that is to say), Every deputy lieutenant shall be seised or po fie fled, either in law or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession, of a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, 'or for the life of his wife,

(file having a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for her life), or for some greater estate, or of an estate for some long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, or of an estate for a term originally granted for twenty-one years or more, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in any part o£the kingdom called Great Britain, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a colonel shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall, in like manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds; a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, shal), in like manner, be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall, in like manner, be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; a major or captain dial], in like manner, be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a lieutenant shall, in like manner, be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds; an ensign shall, in like manner, be seised or possessed of alike estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifteen pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of two hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of four hundred pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount

of

188 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

of five hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds. ecffor\orant*

IX. And lt farther enacted, That a person possessed, either

vearToTan- fa ^aw or far his own ule and benefit, in possession of an

iiin] value estate for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years or equal to those more, of an annual value (ever and above all rents and charges required for payable out of or in respect of the same) equal to the value of ?ufficieiit US? Inch an estate as is required for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer of the militia reflectively, shall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be Efficiently -qualified to act in the execution of this act.

No rank fu- X. And be it further enacted, That no person shall hereafter

ten ant ^to ^be* - appointed to be deputy lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets afore-

given till the faic^ or he appointed to a higher rank in the militia, than that of qualification a lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the clerk of the be delivered peace for the liberties of the Tower, or (in his absence) to his of the^eace deputy, a specific description in writing, signed by himself, of his qualification, stating the county, parish, or place, in which the estate or estates which from his qualification is or are situate; and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall transmit to the lieutenant of the said hamlets, a copy of such description, and no commission granted after the passing of thisadf, for a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant shall be valid, unless it be declared in the commission that the officer to whom the commission is given, hath delivered in his qualification as above directed* Clerk of the

XI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk, of the peace ^uahlicabon^r ^or ^faertaes aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby required to en-id a roll, and ter the qualification transmitted to him, according to the direefi-dates of com- ons of this act, upon a roll to be provided and kept for that pur-missions, &c. pose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, the dates in the Gazette. pQe Commissions, and names and ranks of the officers appointed, together with the names of the officers in whose room they shall be appointed, if the case shall require the same, in like manner as commissions in the army are directed to be published from the War Deputy lieu- office, and he is hereby authorised to charge the expence of such tenants, &c. insertion in the Gazette for each commission, to the treasurer for oaths'"within t^e time befag z^c county of Middle fete, who is hereby directed six months. to Pay the same; and every deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer not having already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the declaration as required by the laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this act, shall, at some general or quarter sessions of the peace, or in one of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within six months after he shall have accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed to be taken by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty Fling George the First, intituled, In act for the further /ecurity of his Mojeffs person and government, and the successwn of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for ext ingulfing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; and also by an aeft, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. 189

tuled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the affura?tce; and for amending so much of an a Si of the seventh year of her late majesty fSueen Anne, ini'ituledy An act for improvement of the union of thetzuo kingdoms / as^ after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned, to persons indiSied of high treason, or misprijion of treason; and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration in the said act of the first year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers, civil and military.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall execute Penalty on any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by deputy lincj.ua^ec* lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being ^hohavenot qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such speci- delivered in fic description of his qualification as is herein-before required, their qualifi-every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred ^ns^or pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by captains not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification as is h.etein-before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety of which said several penalties shall go to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; and in every such action, fuir, or information, the proof of his qualification shall be upon the person against whom the same is brought.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all indictments and prosecutions for any offence committed within any part of the^dieter-said Tower Hamlets, relating to the said militia laws, or to any mined by the offence committed against tins aft, or in disobeying the order or general quar-orders of the justice or justices of the peace herein after men- terjbffi^nsfor tioned, shall be preferred before, and heard and determined by the ft5erties> justices assembled at some general quarter sessions of the peace to

be holden for the said liberties of the Tower, or the major part of them so assembled, and not elsewhere; which said justices are hereby empowered to hear and determine the lame, and to make and give such order and judgement therein, and to in-flift such punishment in consequence thereof, as in the like cases by law is now used or directed: and all high and petty constables and other peace officers, of and for all and every or any part of the said Tower Hamlets, are hereby directed and required to execute all and every order and orders of the said justices, in all or any of the premises aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any summons, Peace officers warrant, conviction, order, judgement, or other matter or thing,

in the execution of this act, or of the said militia laws, be so justices of the made and done by the justice and justices of the peace for the said liberties. Tower liberties, who are hereby empowered and directed to hear and determine the same, and to make such summons, warrant, conviction, order, adjudication, and judgement therein as to law doth appertain, all and every the high and petty constables, and

other

190

Deputy lieutenants or officers who are justices may act as such.

Appeal may be made to the general quarter sessions.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removeable into any court.

24 Geo. 2. c. 44. to extend to this act.

Plaintiff not to recover costs, where injury was not maliciously done.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

other peace officers aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey the order of the said justice and justices therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any justice or justices of the peace for the said liberties may act in the execution of the premises aforesaid, notwithstanding he may be a deputy lieutenant of the said hamlets or officer in the said militia; and that any such justice of the peace for the said liberties of the Tower, dwelling or being within the said hamlets, may act for the said liberties in the execution of this act, or in any other case whatsoever relating to the said militia laws at any place within the said hamlets.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the act of any justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, he, she, or they, may appeal to the general quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the said liberties, or any adjournment thereof, within three calendar months next after the cause of such complaint shall arise, such appellant first giving ten days notice in writing to the justice or justices by whose act or acts such person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, of his, her, or their intention to appeal, and at the same time entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said liberties, with two sufficient sureties conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such sessions, which said justices at or in such sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, or at any subsequent sessions, upon due proof of notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and to award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, and to make such order and orders therein as the said justices shall think necessary, which said determination shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided always, That no proceedings to' be had or taken by any justice or justices of the peace in the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed or removeable into any court by Certiorari, or other writ or process whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying confla-bles and ethers acting in obedience to their warrants, shall extend to the deputy lieutenants, justices of the peace, constables, headboroughs, peace officers, and other persons whatsoever, acting under the authority or in the execution of this act, or in anywise aiding or assisting the rein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when a verdict shall be given for the plaintiff in any action or suit brought, after notice shall have been given pursuant to the said statute, and it shall not appear to the court that the injury complained of was

maliciously

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26 — 28. 191

maliciously done, the plaintiff shall recover no cods, nor more than two-pence damages.

[Publick act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and be taken notice of, and

allowed in all courts whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XX. Saving always, to the King's most excellent majesty, General his heirs and successors, and to the condable or lieutenant of the &vinS* said hamlets for the time being, and the officers and ministers of the same, or of any part thereof, and to the governor of the fort of the Tower for the time being, and the officers and ministers of the same, and to all other person and persons whatsoever, all jurisdictions, powers, privileges, exemptions, and immunities, whatsoever, % belonging or heretofore used or enjoyed.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to provide for the more speedy pay?nent of all navy, victualling, and transport bills, that shall be issued in future.

[December

3°> 1796 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more speedy pay-

[Preamble.]

ment of all navy, victualling, and transport bills: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pa fling of this act, every bill issued by Navy, vio or under the authority of the commissioners of the navy, viftu- tualling, and ailing, and transport offices respectively, shall be made payable ^be^m^de^ on a certain day, to be expressed in each particular bill, which payable not day shall not be later than three calendar months from the date later than of such bill; and that every such bill shall carry an intered after three months the rate of three-pence half-penny per centu?n per diem, which a^el shall commence from the date of the same, and shall be paid at the time when such bill shall become payable; any former law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way of loan, pursuant to an act of the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned; and for granting further relief to persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and St. Vincent.

[December 30, 1796.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to remove doubts respecting promissory notes of the governor and company of the bank of England for payment of sums of money under five pounds, — [March 3, 1797.]

192. Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1796.

[Preamble.]

All notes issued by the bank after March 2, 1797, for films under 5l. shall be valid.

No person making or negociating such notes liable to penalty.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick service, and for the convenience of commercial circulation, that the governor and company of the bank of England should issue promissory notes, payable to bearer, for sums of money under five pounds; nozv, to avoid any doubt concerning the validity thereof be it enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty., by and with the advice and consent of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all promissory notes, and other notes for payment of money, which, since the second day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have been, or which hereafter shall be issued by the governor and company of the bank oi England, payable to bearer, notwithstanding the same shall have been, or shall be, made and issued for the payment of any sum of money under the sum of five pounds, shall be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, in like manner as if the same had been made and issued for the sum of five pounds, or upwards; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no person concerned, or who has acied in, or who shall or may be concerned or act in, the making, uttering, publishing, or negociating, such notes, shall be subject or liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatsoever in respect thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter, vary, or repeal, this act, or any part thereof, in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Port, in the parish of St. Breock, in the county of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the parish of Bodmin, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in the said parish of Bodmin.

[March 3, 1797.]

Certain proprietors incorporated by the name of ' The Company of Proprietors of the Polbrock Canal.' Proprietors may raise 18, 000]. to be divided into shares of 50l. each. Shares to be personal estate. Snbfcrib-ers to have a vote for every share. Proprietors may raise 12, 000]. more if necessary. Power to raise money by mortgage. First general assembly of proprietors to be held at Bodmin, upon the Monday month after passing this act. General assemblies for choosing committees, to consist of one hundred shares. General assembly to elect and appoint officers, and.to take security from them. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be sold. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book by the clerk, and tickets of their shares delivered to them. Powers for making the canal and collateral cut. Power to make rollers or inclined planes. Houses, gardens, See. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. A baton to be made at Guinea Port. Bo: lies politick, See empowered to sell and convey lands to the company., Commissioners appointed to settle differences. If parties are dissatisfied with the determination of the of, value to be ascertained by a jury. Rates. For freellone* limestone, brick, tiles. Hates, corn in the ft raw, hay, straw, faggots, dung, manure, sand, stones and clay, twopence per ton, per mile. For cattle, calyes, sheep, Twine and other

beasts,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30, 31. 193

beads, and coal, charcoal, coak, culm and lime, and rough timber, bark, tin, iron done, pig iron, and pig lead; and flour, wheat, barley, oats, beans, pease, and potatoes, three-pence per ton, per mile. For all other goods, See. sixpence, per ton, per mile. Tolls for patting on the towing paths. For a horse. See. one penny. For oxen, ten-pence a score. For lwine, sheep or lambs, five-pence a score. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Vessels under eight tons burthen not to pass locks without consent of proprietors. Lords of manors and land owners may erect wharfs, &c. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining; and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, See. Works damaged by flood, to be repaired by the company.

CAP. XXX.

An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation to finish and complete the same, and the collateral cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said canal and collateral cut.

[March 3, 1797.]

CAP. XXXI.

An act to enable the East India company to raise money by further increasing their capital flocky and to extend the provisions now exijling respecting the present fock of the company to the said in-creafedflock.

[March 7, 1797.]

WHEREAS, the affairs of the united company of merchants Preamble, of England trading to the East Indies require a permanent advance of a considerable sum of money beyond what the said company can raise under the powers now vested in them by law; and it is expedient that such money sould be raised by an increase of their capital fock; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it The com-shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the ^Wury^ e consent and approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's may a(jd treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of a3oooo, ooool. the high treasurer for the time being, from time to time, and atto their capi-any time or times hereafter, to open books and receive subserip- ta tock* tions from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick cr corporate, for enlarging their present capital Hock or fund of six millions of pounds to any sum or sums, not exceeding the further sum of two millions capital stock, so that their whole capital Hock shall not exceed the capital sum of eight millions; which laid additional capital stock shall from time to time be subscribed and paid for at such rate for every one hundred pounds of such stock as the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of the commissionei s of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, shall diredf;

"which said subscriptions shall be made, and the money for the said VOLj XLL O additional

be incorporated with the company.

194 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1796.

additional (lock shall, from time to time, be paid, in such manner and form, and by such instalments and proportions, as the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the capital stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the time of such payment, be «, r deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a part of the capital

U 'Cn ers 0 (lock of the said company; and the said subscribers, from and after the time of making full payment for the said additional (lock, and their respective executors or administrators and assigns, shall at all times be deemed and reputed to be members of the said united company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the regulations, rules, and orders, where to the present stockholders and members of the said united company, in respect of the (lock held by and belonging to them, are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto by any act or acts of parliament, charter, or bye-law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional (lock shall be transferrable and assignable in the like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional flock in like manner, as the respective present stockholders of the said company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective sums now belonging to them in the present capital stock of the said united company, and the same shall in all respects be consolidated and united as one joint (lock.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said united company shall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the said additional on the present (lock as they now do, and hereafter shall and may make and pay stock, to the proprietors and holders of the present flock of the said

united company, the first of which said dividends shall commence from such time as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription, by the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as

The like dividends to be paid on the additional as

Preference to be given to preTent proprietors, not

exceeding 50L aforesaid, to give the option and preference in subscribing for the

per cent, of -

their capital.

If their subscriptions be more than sufficient, a proportionable deduction to be made;

said additional (lock, to such persons as shall hold the said company's (lock at the time or times of such subscription as aforesaid, as far as and not exceeding the amount of fifty pounds per centum on the capital stock, which shall then be held by each (lock-holder so subscribing, for all such sums as they shall subscribe, on or before a day to be named by the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid; and in case the subscriptions made by them, on or before such day, shall exceed the sum proposed to be sold at that time, a proportionable deduction shall be made from each subscription; and if such subscription shall, on the close thereof on such day as aforesaid, fall and if ^ort ^lJrn ProP°^ to be sold, the deficiency shall be disposed

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. ig$

of to other persons, as the said court of directors, with less, the de-such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit. ^c^ncy

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au* ie

thority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend* or The addition-be conllrued to extend, to prevent or retrain the court of direc- al stock, with tors of the said united company, by and with such consent and consent of approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more person^be^olJto or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of the whole ^/c^inorc0 of the said additional capital stock, or for such part or parts there- persons.

of, as they shall from time to time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said court, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to contrail for and agree to fell the whole, or any part thereof, to one or more person or persons.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Receipts to be

as loon as reasonably may be after the deposit or first payment ^ich

shall be made for the said additional flock to be subscribed for, may be alTigrt-the said company's cashier or treasurer shall give a receipt for ed, Scc.

the same, and so from time to time as.future payments shall be made; which said receipts shall be assignable and transferrable by indorsement thereon; and when the last payment shall be made on the said additional flock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her name entered in proper books to be kept by the said united company for that purpose, with an account of the capital stock belonging to each proprietor in like manner as the accounts of the present proprietors of India flock are kept.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

That in case any subscriber or subscribers, after having subscrib- Deposits of ed, shall fail in making all or any the payments agreed at the be^forfefted.0 respective times for such payments, then and in every such case the said united company shall and may take in subscriptions for, and fell the flock subscribed for by such defaulter, to any other person or persons; and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to and become the property of the said united company.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee Guardians having the disposition of the money of any infant, to subscribe ma7 subscribe and pay for the said additional flock, or any part thereof, upon*01*ln ants' the terms and conditions contained in this act; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums by such guardian or trustee, shall be entitled unto the flock so subscribed and paid for on his account, and to all advantages in respect thereof, in like manner as any other purchaser or subscriber; and the said guardian or trustee, as to the sum or sums advanced by him, shall be, and is hereby discharged in respect thereof, so as the name of such infant shall be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

VIII. And whereas, by an act made in the thirty-third year of 33 Geo. 3. c. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing in recited,

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1796.

the East India Company, for a further term, the possession of the Britisho territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, tinder certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same 5 for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, it was (amongst other things) entitled, "That, during the continuance of the exclusive trade to the said company, the net proceeds of their sales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances arising by private trade, and all other profits of the said company in Great Britain, after providing for the payment of bills of exchange then already accepted by the said company, as the same should become due, and for the current payments of other debts, interefi, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company (their bond debt always excepted), should be applied and disposed of in the following manner; (that is to say), First, in the payment of a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the present or any future amount of the capital stock of the said company, the first half-year's payment thereof to commence and be made tf/Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; secondly, in payment of five hundred thousand pounds per annum, the same to be Jet apart on the first day of March and the first day of September, half-yearly, in equal portions, and applied in the discharge of bills of exchange drazvn or to be drawn in India, for the transfer or remittance of the debts of the said company fro?n thence to Great Britain, for the diminution of finch debts, until the same should be reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds filer ling; thirdly, in pay-7nent of a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds in every year into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be applied as parliament fljoidd direct and that, until the said debts in India should he reduced to the amount of two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds fierling, the idtimate surplus which should remain of the said net proceeds, after such payments thereout made as aforesaid, should and might be from time to time set apart and applied in augmentation of the said fund or annual sum of five hundred thousand pounds a year, thereby appropriated for the reduction of the said debts in India, in and for the reduction thereof by the discharge of any further bills of exchange to be drawn from thence either for the transfer and remittance thereof to Great Britain, or for loans of money to be borrowed on the credit of any bills of exchange which should be granted by the order of the court of directors to any greater amount than was therein before limited or directed in that behalf, or ctherwfe it fi: ould be lawful for the said court of directors to apply any part of the said ultimate surplus of the said net proceeds in the payment of any debts of the said company in Great Britain (the bond debt therein mentioned, of one million five hundred thousand pounds only excepted), or to the purchase of any goods, wares, or other merchandise, to be disposed of in India or China, and to appropriate the produce thereof in and towards the more speedy diminution of the said debts in India $ and that when and so loon as the said debts in India

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

should have been reduced to the amount therein before limited in respect thereof and the bond debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred thousand pounds, the surplus of the said net proceeds, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences, of the said company, and of a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum on the said capital stock, and the said annual sum of five hundred thousand pounds to be paid into the exchequer, and after making good all former deficiencies in the said annual payments, otherwise than was provided by the said act, should be applied and disposed of in the manner following-, (that is to say). One sixth part of the said surplus, computed and adjijled to the first day of March in every year, should be reserved and retained by the said company for their oven use, and applied in augmentation of the dividends on their capital stock, and that the reficlue of the said surplus shoidd be fit apart, and from time to time paid by the said company into the bank ^England, within the first week in April, in each year, to be there placed to the account of the of appointed by an act of the twenty sixth year of his Majestfs reign, intituled An act for vesting certain Turns in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied in the reduction of the national debt, until the monies so paid, together with the sums arising by the growing interest thereof', should have amounted to twelve millions of pounds sterling: and that, from and after such payments, together with the monies so arising by the said growing interest, shoidd have amounted to the said sum of twelve millions of pounds sterling, the said surplus should be, from time to time, paid into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, and be there placed to the account of the confioli-dated fund, as the property of the publick in full right: and it was thereby further enacted, That the governor and company of the bank of England should raise, and keep an account with the said of in their books, to be intitided. The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies-, and that as well all such monies as should be paid by the said united company to the said governor and company, by virtue of that act, as alj'o the annual dividends or interest to arise therefro?n, in manner by that act provided, should be placed to the said account, and should be severally and respectively under the order and direction of the said governor and company of the bank of England, laid out and invested in the names of the said of in the purchase of capital stock.in any of the redeemable publick annuities transjerr able at the bank <9/" England, the same to be transi ferrecl to the said of, on account of the said guarantee fund in the books of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and that the dividends payable thereon, should from time to time be received by the said governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the said of: and it vjas thereby further enacted, That when and after the monies paid by the aid united company to the said governor and company of the bank, together with the monies received for dividends on the capital stock of annuities purchased therewith, and with the proceeds thereof, should have amounted to twelve millions of pounds sterling, the dividends of the

o 3

198 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1796.

said capital stock of annuities should, in preference to any other disposition thereof be subject and liable to make good to the said united company, for and-during such time as they shall continue to trade with a joint stock, any deficiency or deficiencies in their own funds, applicable to the payment of the dividends in the said act mentioned of ten pounds per centum per annum on the capital stock of the said united company, if any such deficiency should happen in such payment or payments 3 andihat when there should be no such deficiency, or being such after the same should be made good out of the said dividends, such dividends, or the surplus thereof should be deemed to be the property of the publick, and should be paid, when and as often as the same should arise, by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of the exchequer, and be there carried to the account of the consolidated fund: and it was further enacted, That the capital stock of annuities wherein or in the purchase whereof the said sum of twelve millions of pounds jierling should be invested pursuant to the directions of that act, should he deemed and considered as a guarantee fund for the better securing to the said united company their capital stock, or the value thereof such value being always computed for that purpose after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such capital stock 3 and that if at the time of the right and title of the said united company to the said whole, foie, and exclusive trade (limited as in the said act mentioned) becoming determined, their own funds and afsets, real and personal, should be insufficient to pay and satisfy all their just debts, and to make good to the said company their said capital stock, or the value thereof computing the same after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of the said flock, that then the said capital stock of annuities, or guarantee fund, should be deemed and considered, as far as the same should or might extend for that purpose, to be in the first place, and before any other application thereof, subject and liable to make good to the said company and their creditors the deficiency so arifeng in their own funds a?id effects for the purpose aforesaid 3 and that the said capital stock of annuities, or the surplus thereof, after making good such deficiency (if any such there should be) should remain and continue as a guarantee fund, for the better securing the capital stock of the said united company, or the value thereof, rating the fa?ne as ajorefa 'ifl, after such determination of their whole, foie, and exclusive trade, for so long time as they should continue to trade with a joint stock, and subject thereto 3 and after making good all such deficiencies, the said capital stock of annuities, or so much thereof as should then remain, should be and be deemed the property of the publick, as by the said recited act may appear: and whereas it is.just and expedient that after the flock of the said company shall be encreased, the said guarantee fund, should be also encreased, so as to give the proprietors of the said encreafedJlock the same security and benefit as the proprietors of the preflnt flock of the said company are entitled to 3 be it therefore further enacted Act the flock by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time when and as the said company's stock shall be encreased, the said fund, in the guarantee^faJ<^ recited act, called Tfe Guarantee Fund, shall also be encreased, fund, men- by the means and in the manner in which the said guarantee tioned in the^fund

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.99

fund of twelve millions of pounds sterling is to be raised, so b^also^tQ that the same may amount to the sum of the capital stock of the created^ said company, computing the same at such rate as in the said recited a£^ is mentioned; and the said guarantee fund, so encreased as aforesaid, shall be subject unto and a security for such payments, and shall be applied in the same manner in every respect, to all intents and purposes, as the said guarantee fund is directed to be paid and applied, so as to secure and make good to the creditors of the said company any deficiency of their funds for the payment of debts, and also any deficiency to the proprietors of the said increased stock, as well as the proprietors of the present stock of the said company, of the said dividend of ten pounds per centum, and of the value of the said stock, at the times and under the circumstances in the said act mentioned, rating such value at two hundred pounds for everyone hundred pounds capital stock, as in the said act is mentioned.

IX. dnd whereas, by the said act made in the thirty-third year 33 Geo. 3. of the reign of his present Majesty, taking notice of a fund separately seated^ belonging to the said united company, and therein called The. Company's separate Fund, it was enabled, That the said separatefund, or the monies conflicting the same, should continue in the hands of the said company, bearing interest, and be employed in their trade, subject to the payment of such dividends as were therein-after specified \ and that the said separate fund, with the growing interest thereof should be divided and difributed in the manner therein-after mentioned., and in no other manner whatsoever, that is to say, That after payment should be made by the company into his Majesty's exchequer of the two first injlalrnents of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds each, which by force and virtue of that act would become due from the said company to the publick on the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the firs day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, respectively, or otherwise, after Jetting apart a fuss-cient sum for such payments (which said payments were duly made agreeable to the provision of the said act), it should be laivjul for the said company, out of the said separate fund, and the inter ef or growing income thereof to make and declare a dividend or dividends after the rate of ten shillings per centum per annum on the present or any future amount of their capital stock, tuhich said dividend or dividends fioould be paid and payable to the said company over and above any other dividend or dividends which should become due in respect thereof and that after the expiration of" the further term thereby granted in the said exclusive trade, it should be lawful for the said company to retain and dispose of what should then remain of the said company7s separate fund, or of the monies conflicting the same, and the internal or other annual proceeds thereof, in such manner as they should then think fit: and whereas the payment of the said dividend of ten shillings per centum to the propydetors of the said increased fiock out of the said separate fund as in the said recited act is mentioned, will exhaufi the same long before the expiration of the term of the said exclusive trade, to the injury of the present proprietors of the )lock of the said company, who would thereby be deprived of such dividend for the remainder of

0 4 the

ioo Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1796.

the said term, and in regard the money to be raised by the said in-creafedflock is for the mutual hem fit of the publick and the said united company, it is fit that the said dividend should be considered as a charge.m upon the said trade; be it therefore further enacted by the authority

FoT^er cent aforesaid^> That the said dividend of ten shillings per centum, which payable under under the authority of the said recited act will be payable to the recited act;, proprietors of the said increased flock out of the said separate out of the fe- fund, shall be paid to them out of the annual profits of the said to'be^id^ut company> the same manner, and at the same times, as the

of the profits dividend of ten pounds per centum in the said act mentioned is to of the com- be paid to the proprietors of the dock of the said company; and Pany- for that purpose a Turn equal to the amount of such dividends

shall, from time to time, be debited to the annual account, as a charge on the said trade, and carried to the account of the said separate fund; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Preamble.]

15 Geo. 3. c. 5 1. and

3 7 Geo. 3. c. 30, recited,

Recited acts, to far as they relate to the making void notes under 5l. payable on demand to bearer, suspended till May 1, 17 97.

CAP. XXXII.

jin at1 to suspend, for a limited time^ the operation- of two afis of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negociation of promissory notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

[March 10, 1797.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to retrain the negociation of promissory notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas another act was pajfiedin thej'eventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty? intituled An act for further retraining the negociation of promissory notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it is expedient, that the said acts should be suspended for a certain time, so far as the fa?ne may relate to any notes, draughts, or undertakings, made payable on demand; be it therefore enacted by the King's mot excellent majety, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited acts, so far as the same relate to the making void of promissory notes, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, payable on demand to the bearer thereof, for any sum of money less than the sum of five pounds in the whole; and also to refrrain the publishing or uttering and negociating of any such notes, draughts, or undertakings as aforesaid, shall, from and after the second day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the same is

hereby

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 33, 34. 2ot

hereby declared to be, to all intents and purposes, suspended until the first day of May next.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act Act may be may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be

made in this present session of parliament. iession.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if notes are

if any person liable to the payment of any of such notes, draughts, not paid with-

or undertakings in writing, as may be issued in pursuance of this in three

act, shall neglect or fail to make full payment in money of the ^'^a^eia

sum or sums for which such notes, draughts, or undertakings justice may

in writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much order pty-

thereof as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by merit with the space of three days after demand thereof made by the holder costs 5

a j on neelecc

or holders of such notes, draughts, or undertakings in writing, mav Jause the

it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's same to be justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, division, or levied by place, where the person or persons respectively so refusing to pay distress. any of such notes, draughts, or undertakings in writing, as Jail aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or relide, and such justice or justices is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof to summon the person or persons against whom such complaint shall be made, and after his, her, or their appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof upon oath, (and which oath such justice orjustices is or are hereby empowered to administer), of such summons or warning having been given, such justice or justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and award such sum to be paid by the person or persons respectively liable to the payment of every such note, draught, or undertaking in writing, to the holder or holders thereof, as shall appear to such justice or justices to be due thereon, together with such a sum for costs, not exceeding the sum of twenty shillings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet; and if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay or satisfy such sum of money as upon such complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, upon the same being demanded, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the party so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 10, 1797.]

Number of forces 60, 765, including 5, 222 invalids.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore. —

[March 24* 1797.]

202 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 33 — 39. [1796.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this felTion of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[March 24, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable canal from and out of a ccP* tain branch of their laid navigation, calied, The Calcfon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford; and also a reservoir for supplying the several canals of the said company with water.

[March 24, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same rJate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States.

[March 27, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[March 27, 1797.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present fejfon of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

[March 27, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an act passed in the present Act of pre- session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sent fdfion, number of men in the fevera'l counties, stewartries, royal burghs, c. 5, recited 5 and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy, should he altered, explained, and so much and amended: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may diVd^s the ena(^e<^ 5 and be h ena(^ed by the King's most excellent

number of majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual men to be and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-raised for the bled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the

- the cl? of said ac*'

as directs one hundred and fifty-four men to be levied Aberdeen, re- ^or county of Aberdeen, and thirty-two men for the city of pealed.'Aberdeen, including the parish of Old Machar, shall be and is Number of hereby repealed.

men to be

II. And be it enacted, That for the county of Aberdeen, in-

raiftd for the eluding the whole of the parish of Old Machar, there shall be th^dt^of* levied one hundred and fifty-nine men; and for the city of

Aberdeen. Aberdeen twenty-seven men.

If the city

III. And be it enacted, That in case the said city of Aberdeen shall have de- shall have raised thirty-two men as directed by the said act, and

delivered

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III.-c. 39. 203

delivered them over to the regulating officer, five of that number liyered 3*

shall be added to those appointed to be raised by the said county;

and the said county shall refund to the said city the expence in- to be refunded

curred in raising the said five men, to be calculated at the average bythecounty.

rate of the expence of raising the said thirty two men, but not to

exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds sterling for each man.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said aeft So much of as directs two men to be levied for the town of Mclrose, in the n^mt^r county of Roxburgh, and two men for the town o {Newton, in of mento be^ the county of Wigton, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that raised for

for the town of Meltofe, and the villages of Danielton, Darnick, Mjdrofe and

Bridgend, Gattcnfide, and Newjiecl, there (l)all be levied two

men; and for the town of Newton Douglas two ftien. another ap-

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the said act as directs portionment five men to be levied for the town of Jedburgh, in the county of made; Roxburgh, shall be repealed; and that for the said town of Jed- asdf° for burgh there shall be levied three men, and that the remaining Jedburgh; two men shall be levied for the said county.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said act and Thurso. as imposes the number of eight men upon the town of Thurso, in

the county of Caithness, shall be repealed; and that the number of three men be raised by the said town of Thurso, and the remaining five by the said county of Caithness.

VII. And whereas by the said act, the trustees or magistrates respectively are authorised and required to divide and apportion bounties, fries, and penalties, among the inhabitants of any county or place, in such manner and by such rule as to them shall seem rnojl expedient, and as may render the operation of the said act in such cajes as equal and impartial as possible; but doubts having arisen whether the justices are authorised to.apportion the number of men to be raised by each parish otherwise than according to the proportion which the valuation of each parish bears to the valuation of the ivbole county; be it therefore enacted and declared, That the justices of the peace, when Justices may apportioning the number of men to be raised by each parish, separate any town, burgh, village, or place, if it shall appear to them, from the lifts of inhabited houses or otherwise, that any town, burgh, ]?ate it as to village, or place, should be rated with a greater number of men them shall than according to the valuation of the saidparish, the justices are seem just. 4 hereby authorised to separate the said burgh, town, village, or place, from the parish to which it belongs, and to apportion such a number of men upon such burgh, town, parish, or place, as to the said justices may seem just and reasonable; and where the justices have already acted in manner aforesaid, their proceedings and orders are hereby declared legal and valid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every certificate granted to a person inrolled in virtue of the said act, or a full and true copy thereof, signed by the regulating officer, shall in all cases be; nro]ied to transmitted along with the person inrolled, and delivered to the thecom-commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, or manding of-of the ship, tender, or vessel of war in his Majesty's service, in feTman^or which such person shall be inrolled or entered to serve; and such vesselsjwho

2 commanding shall in a

Certificates to be delivered

204

limited time make out tickets for payment of bounties remaining due, which shall be paid agreeably to c. 4. of the present session.

Time for which persons inrolled shall be liable to serve.

Persons inrolled accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate.

Penalty on officers for refusing to deliver them over.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1796.

commanding officer shall, within four days from the time of such person being admitted into any regiment, or before such volunteer shall be compelled to go out of the county for which he shall serve, or from the time of such person's joining such regiment, which shall first happen, or from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board any such ship, tender, or vessel, and before such ship or vessel shall proceed to sea, as the case may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to serve, and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the certificate granted in that behalf, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such person on account of arrears of pay as a private man in such regiment, if such person shall enter into the army, or on account of wages as a landman or seaman on board such ship or vessel, if such person shall enter into the navy; and' such bounty money shall and may be paid to such person, or to his family, in the manner directed in respect of men inrolled in England, by an act passed in the present session ot parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties of England, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy, and shall be reimbursed to the person so paying the same, by the collector of the cess for the particular shire, stewartry, burgh, or town.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every person inrolled by virtue of the said firstrecited act, and infilled into any regiment or independant company of his Majesty's army, shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the regiment or independant company in which such person shall be serving shall be in Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of one calendar month next after the arrival of such regiment or company in Great Britain; and that every such person entering into the service of the navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the ship on board which such person shall serve shall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of one calendar month next after the arrival of such ship in any such port.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person inrolled in his Majesty's service, by virtue of the said first recited act, dial] be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, effiate, or property, of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the command of such party, is and are hereby required to use his or their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magi-ifrate, and shall also be aiding and affiffing'to the officers of justice in seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial j and if any such officer shall wilfully neglect or resute, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over ftfch accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding

or

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. zo$

or assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offender, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace of the county where the fact is committed, by the oath of two creditable witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service, provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the of of the treasury for the time being.

XI. And be it enacted, That no person who shall be inrolled P^fons in-in his Majesty's service, in virtue of the said firffc recited act, taker?out shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any of the service process whatever, other than by some criminal process for some but for a criminal matter, punishable by the known laws of the land, criminal

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several forms of atter* enrolment and of the return which the justices of the peace and ^5?^ the* other officers are required to cause to be made and returned of following the number of men levied for his Majesty's service, together form*

with the other particulars by the said first recited and this act directed, shall be made in the following form:

Names of men enrolled. Volunteers or substitutes. County or burgh for which they serve. Parishes they belong to Ages. Sums paid to volunteers or lubifi-tutes. Sums paid to the collectors of the cel s, and to whom. Days on which they were enrolled, and at what places.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any servant what- Justices may ever, hired by the year or other wise, shall be inrolled, and any ^etermine dispute shall arise between his master or mistress, employer or tween^masters employers, and such servant, touching any sum or sums of and servants money due to such servant for or on account of his service, per- inrolled formed before the time of such enrolment, or to such time as touching he shall be obliged to quit the service of his said master, ^kvy^the mistress, employer or employers, it shall and may be lawful, on money by complaint made thereof to any justice of the peace for the county, distress. city, town, or place, where such master, mistress, employer or employers shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such

servant.

2q6 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1796.

servant, or any other witness or witnesses touching the same* and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of any sums so ordered, by the space of seven days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such mailer or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus fif any) to the owner or owners after payment of the charges of such distress and sale*

Provisions of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro-

cite^a&to Vl^10ns of this act, shall, in the execution of the said first recited

apply to act passed in this present session of parliament, be used and ap-

either. plied, and construed in like manner, as if the same provisions

were specially enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the said act, (except in so far as hereby altered), shall,

in the execution of this act, be used, applied, extended, and construed in like manner as if the same provisions were specially enacted in this act.

Ac1 may be

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ^ledVhL1"6" may a^tere^' varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to feVion. he made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XL.

An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffne notes for sums under a certain amount, for a'limited time \ and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

[March 27, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

XT 7 HERE AS^an °^'> ini^e fifth year of his present

5 Geo. 3. c. Majestfs reign, intituled An act to prevent the inconve-49, recited. niencies arising from the present method of issuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies, and bankers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it was enacted, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-fve, no note, accepted hill, post hill, ticket, token, or other writing, circulated or which might be cir culated as specie, in the manner of a bank or bankers ?ietc, should be issued, re issued, or given out as specie, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, their servants or agents, in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, for any sum or sums of money less than twenty shillings lawful money of Great Britain, any law, usage, or custorn, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, their servants or agents, who should, 'after the said first day of June, issue, re-ijsue, cr give out any note, accepted bill, post bill, ticket, token, or other writing aforesaid, for any sum less than twenty j.hillings, should, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds sterling, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who ftoould inform or prof cute for the same, to be finedfor and recovered in

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 207

manner thereby directed: and whereas it is expedient at the present time to allow the banks and banking companies herein after described, to issue notes for a less sum than twenty fillings, for a limited time, notwithstanding the said recited clause in the said act: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, The bank of it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British) Linen Company, and all other banks or banking companies in Scotland, who, on or before the first able to bearer 'day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on demand, have exercised the business of banking, or keeping any bank for under 30s. receipt of money, and have issued notes under the firm of such bank, in the nature of bank notes, (but to and for no other person or persons, company or companies, whatsoever), to issue notes, bills, or tickets, in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any sum whatever under the sum of twenty {killings sterling, in the same way that the said banks and banking companies have heretofore been used to issue notes for twenty shillings and upwards, since the said first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any thing in the said recited act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, from the present difficulty of procuring specie, several persons, bodies politick or corporate, their servants or agents, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have issued, and may continue to issue, bills, notes, or other obligations, for smallfuns under twenty shillings sterling, and doubts may arise whether such persons have not been guilty of the offence prohibited by the said recited

all; be it therefore enacted, That such person or persons, bodies Persons who politick or corporate, and their servants or agents, shall, and havek^ed they hereby are indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and ^os^riorTo against all penalties or forfeitures incurred, or that may be in- puffing this curred, for or by reason of their having issued the bills, notes, or act, mdenmi. obligations aforesaid, or by reason of such as may be issued on or before the passing of this act: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the holders of such bills, notes, or obligations, at any time from demanding and receiving payment thereof from the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who have issued, or may, until the passing of this act, issue the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred of afh

and ninety-seven, and no longer; and shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act Act may be

may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made alcefe?f?1"* re- in this present session of parliament. Session. 18

2o8 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4r.

[1796.

CAP. XLI.

An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

[ April 24, 1797.]

WHEREAS by'an act passed in the present fejfon of parliament, for punishing mutiny and desertion.

[Preamble.]

Mutiny act recited.

and for the better

payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates are efa-blished in that part c/'Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on whom non-commissioned officers and private soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with diet and shall beer at their quarters; and an option is given to such innholders and others, to furnish certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and small beer, at the rates prescribed: and whereas the occasion- of marching and quartering of troops has encreased, and may continue, and the rules prescribed for furnishing soldiers with necessaries are, in many in fiances, become, from the high price of provisions, inadequate, and are productive of distress to such innholders and others: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Non-commis- thority of the same, That every non-commissioned officer and and foldierTto Pr*vate f°Hier who shall be furnished with diet and small beer allow icd. per within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, by the innholders or diem for diet other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or private and small beer soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said act, m quartets in p3y ancj a]jow for the farne ten-pence per diem\ and that the

S91 accounts of the same shall be rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed.in the said act now in force touching the former rates of sixpence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any innholders or other persons on whom any non-commissioned officers or private men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said option in the

in lieu thereof, said act, furnish such non-commissioned officers or soldiers with ad. per diem the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and small beer, at the rates prescribed by this act, such innholders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commissioned officer and soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said act; which sum of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like man* ner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person, on whom any of the horses belonging to his said Majesty's forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said act, for hay and draw, shall be ten-pence halfpenny per diem for each horse, indead of sixpence per diem as directed in the said act.

and for articles which have been furnished gratis

to be allowed.

For boi fes quartered, lod. 2q. per diem to be paid for hay and draw.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41. 209

IV. And whereas the provisions contained in the said recited' aft-, So much of

with respect to the manner of dieting non-commissioned officers and fol- to^fur-

diers on a inarch, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits nj(hing w|th by them raised, have been productive of much inconvenience, as well diet non-com-to the troops as the innholders \ be it further enacted, That so much missioned

of the said recited act as relates to the manner of furnishing non-commissioned officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in rnarcj1 or re_ recruiting, and likewise the recruits by them raised, with diet or cruiting, re-other provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed. pealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned Regulation officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and respectto small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they Com"5ffioned may be billetted, at the rates hereinbefore prescribed, while on officers and the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place soldiers on

of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless tkeir inarch*

either of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in and for the town or place where such officers or soldiers shall be billetted,

or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day the supply of

diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles

in the said recited act specified, and at the rate herein-before

prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any regiment, troop, company, When

or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a non-commis-limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non- honed officers commissioned officers and soldiers belonging thereto shall be en- and soldiers titled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on entitled to whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such ^eer as after4 time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same arriving at after arriving at the place of their final destination, according to their deftina- this act. tion:

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen and if such that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on hajtJn^r^ their march, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the marching aftJr arrival, orders that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, com- and that be a pany, or detachment, shall halt for any longer time than one in- market day, tire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and the day after such arrival shall be such market day as aforesaid, it^e ^ifeon-shall not be lawful for the innholders or other persons on whom tinued. the non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue, on such market day, the supply of diet and small beer to any such officers or soldiers; but that all such officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from such innholders and other persons aforesaid, upon such market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein-before prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

---

[Regulations respecting recruiting]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned

210 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42 — 45. [1796.

[parties and recruits on their march.]

officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits by them raised, shall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting station, be entitled to the same benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting station, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered: provided also nevertheless. That in case any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from their station, and after a time shall return to the same place, they, and the recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

[Continuance of act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have continuance from the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

CAP. XLII.

An act for altering and amending an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching, the town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein; and for continuing the term of certain tolls by the said act granted.

[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLIII.

An act for building a new chapel at Plymouth dock, in the parish of Stoke Damerel, in the county of Devon.

[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLIV.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLV.

An act for confirming and continuing for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on payments of cash by the bank.

[May 3, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

[Minute of privy council of Feb. 26, 1797, recited.]

WHEREAS, by minute of his Majesty's privy council, made on the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, upon the representation of the chancellor of the exchequer, stating, that from the result of the information which he had received, and of the enquiries which it had been his duty to make respecting the effect of the unusual demands for specie that have been made upon the metropolis, in consequence of ill-founded or exaggerated

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45- 2x1

alarms in different parts of the country, it appeared, unless some measure was immediately taken, there might be reason to apprehend a want of a sufficient supply of cash to answer the exigencies of the publick service; it was declared to be the unanimous opinion of the board, that it was indispensably necessary for the publick service, that the directors of the bank of England should forbear issuing any cash in payment until the sense of parliament could be taken on that subject, and the proper measures adopted thereupon for maintaining the means of circulation and supporting the publick and commercial credit of the kingdom at this importunate conjuncture; and it was ordered, that a copy of the said minute should be transmitted to the directors of the bank of England, and they were thereby required, on the grounds of the exigency of the case, to conform thereto until the sense of parliament could be taken as aforesaid: and whereas, in pursuance of the said minute, the said governor and company of the bank of England, have since the said twenty sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, forborne to issue cash in payments, except for purposes for which the issue of cash was deemed unavoidable; and it is necessary that the restriction contained in the said minute, although not warranted by law, should be confirmed, and should be continued for a limited time by the authority of parliament: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The bank indemnified for all acts done in pursuance of recited minute of council.]

That all acts done by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or by their order or direction, in pursuance of the said minute of council, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed; and that all and every persons and person who have or hath been concerned in doing any such acts,

or any matter or thing relating thereto, shall be, and are and is hereby saved harmless, indemnified, and discharged, in respect thereof, as well against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other persons and person; and that all suits and proceedings whatsoever touching or concerning any matter discharged by this act, shall be, and the same are hereby made void and of no effect to all intents and purposes; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[The bank not to issue cash but according to certain provisions.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for the said but recording governor and company to issue any cash in payment of any debt or to certain demand whatsoever, except according to the provisions herein after contained;

[During such restriction no suit e prosecuted to compel payment of notes which the bank shall be willing to exchange for other notes.]

and that during the continuance of the restriction hereby imposed on payments by the said governor and company in cash, no action or suit shall be prosecuted against the said governor and company to compel payment of any note of the said governor and company expressed to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any note of the said governor and company made payable otherwise than on demand, which the said governor and company shall be willing to exchange for any note or notes of equal amount expressed to be payable on demand, or to

212 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1796.

compel payment of any sum of money whatsoever by the said governor and company, which the said governor and company shall be willing to pay in notes of the said governor and company expressed to be payable on demand; and it shall be lawful for the said governor and company during the continuance of the restriction aforesaid on payments in cash, to apply to the court wherein any action or suit shall be brought, or shall be depending, against the said governor and company, to stay proceedings therein, in a summary way;

[The bank may apply to the court to stay proceedings in actions.]

and in case such action or suit shall be brought to compel payment of any note or notes of the said governor and company made payable on demand, it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to apply to the said court to stay all proceedings in such action or suit until the expiration of the time herein after limited for the continuance of such restriction as aforesaid, and such court shall stay all proceedings accordingly; and in like manner it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to apply to any court in which any action or suit shall be brought or depending for the purpose of compelling payment by the said governor and company of any note of the said governor and company payable otherwise than on demand, or of any other debt or demand whatsoever, to stay all proceedings against the said governor and company in such action or suit, on payment of such sum of money as shall appear to be justly due, or which might be recovered in such action or suit, by delivery of notes of the said governor and company for the amount thereof expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties to whom such money shall appear to be due shall be willing to accept payment thereof in such notes, and thereupon such court shall order all proceedings to be stayed accordingly; but if the party or parties entitled to any such money shall refuse to accept payment thereof by delivery of such notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand as aforesaid, the said court shall order all proceedings against the said governor and company in such action or suit to be stayed until the expiration of the time herein after limited for the continuance of such restriction on payments in cash as aforesaid:

[The court may permit proceedings to be had to ascertain the amount of any demand on the bank, or for the furtherance of justice.]

provided always, That if it shall appear to such court to be necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of any demand on the said governor and company, or otherwise for the furtherance of justice, that any proceedings should be had for any such purpose, it shall be lawful for the said court to permit proceedings to be had in any such action or suit for such necessary purpose only, or to ascertain the amount of such demand, in a summary way, as the nature of the particular case may require, and as shall be consistent with the restriction on payments in cash hereby imposed:

[No costs to be given unless the court think the action necessary, &c.]

provided also, That no costs shall be recovered against the said governor and company, in any action or suit which, during the continuance of the restriction aforesaid, shall be brought or prosecuted for the purpose of compelling payment by the said governor and company of any debt or demand, unless

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 213

the court wherein the same shall be brought or prosecuted shall be of opinion that the same was necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of such debt or demand, or the title thereto, and in such case such court may direct the payment of such costs by the said governor and company in their notes expressed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties entitled to such costs shall be willing to accept such notes; and if such party or parties shall refuse to accept such notes, then such court shall stay all proceedings to compel payment of such costs until after the expiration of the restriction on payments by the said governor and company in cash, herein contained.

[The bank may issue cash in certain cases.]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to restrain the said governor and company from issuing any sum of money less than twenty shillings in cash in payment of any debt or demand not amounting to twenty shillings, or in payment of so much of any larger debt or demand as shall be a fractional part of twenty shillings over and above the residue of such debt or demand; or from issuing any sum of money in cash for the services of the army, navy, or ordnance, in pursuance of an order of his Majesty's privy council, stating the special purpose for which such issue shall be required, and the necessity for the same;

[Orders in council for issuing cash to be laid before parliament.]

all which orders of council shall be laid before both houses of parliament within three days after the date of each of such order, if parliament shall be then sitting, and if not, then within three days after the sitting of parliament.

---

[Bank not to advance more

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said governor and company, during the continuance of the restriction on payments of cash imposed by this act, to issue any sum of money in cash, or in notes of the service during said governor and company, by way of loan or advance, for or the reilric-on account of the publick service, except to an amount not ex- tion. ceeding six hundred thousand pounds, on the credit of exchequer bills, to be issued by virtue of an act of the present session of parliament for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities; any law, usage, or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the seventh day of The bank April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, during the may pay in

continuance of the restriction by this act imposed on pay- a

portion of

meirts by the said governor and company in caih, it shall never- fums not un-

theiefs be lawful for the said governor and company to accept, der 500l. ex- from any person or persons whatsoever, any sum or lums of mo- changed for ney, in cash, not being Ids than five hundred pounds, in exchange <ince

for notes of the said governor and company, of equal amount, 7, 1

upon an engagement from the said governor and company to pay to such person or persons, during the continuance of such restriction as aforesaid, calli in exchange for any note or notes.of the said governor and company, payable on demand, to such

214 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1796.

an amount, not exceeding in the whole three fourths of the sum of money which shall have been so paid by such person or persons to the said governor and company in cash, and in such proportions, and at such intervals, as shall be expressed in such engagement; and it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to pay in cash such sum and sums of money as shall be required to be so paid, according to the terms of such engagement, to the amount, in the proportions, at the times, and in the manner therein to be expressed; any thing in this contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-advance teethe a^ore^a^' That it shall be lawful for the said governor and bunkers of company, notwithstanding the restriction imposed by this act, to advance, for the accommodation of the persons dealing as bankers in London, Westminster, and the borough of Southwark, in cad), any sums of money, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds in the whole, to be paid to such persons, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner, as to the said governor and company shall seem expedient.

[The bank may advance in cash to the bank of Scotland, and to the royal bank of Scotland, 25,000l. for each.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England., upon application being made to them, by or on the behalf of the treasurer of the bank called The Bank of Scotland, established by an act of the parliament of Scotland, in one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the behalf of the cashier of the bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by royal charter, dated the thirty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to issue and pay to such treasurer or cashier respectively, or to such person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, for the sole use of the said banks, such sum or sums of money, in gold or silver, as may be required, not exceeding the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds for each of the said banks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Payments in notes to be deemed pay-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all payments in notes of the said governor and company expressed to be payable on demand, which have been made lince menth in cash the said twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred if accepted as ancj ninety-seven, or which shall be made during the re-UL l' firitffion on payments by the said governor and company in cash,

herein contained, shall be deemed payments in cash if made and accepted as such; any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No person to

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cfa^b^i^uiikfs during ^ie continuance of the restriction on payments by the said affidavit be governor and company in cash, imposed by this act, no person

made that shall be held to special bail upon any process issuing out of any

there had been cours? unless the affidavit which shall be made for that purpose according to the provisions in the act of the twelfth year of the ..... reiern

London, Westminster, and Southwark, ioo, ocol. in calli.

---

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 215

reign of his late majesty King George the First, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, shall not only contain the several matters required by the said act, but also that no offer has been made to pay the sum of money in such affidavit mentioned, and therein sworn to, for the purpose of holding any person to special bail, in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of the sum of twenty shillings only excepted);

[if no such affidavit be made the same proceedings to be had as if no affidavit had been made to hold to special bail.]

and if any process shall be issued against any person upon which such person might have been held to special bail before the passing of this act, and no affidavit shall be made as aforesaid, that no such offer of payment in notes of the governor and company had been made as aforesaid, such person shall not be arrested on such process, but proceedings shall be had against such person in the same manner as if no affidavit had been made for the purpose of holding such person to special bail under the provisions of the said act of his said late majesty King George the First; and all provisions in such act, or in any other act of parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, shall be applied to the provisions in this act contained, so far as the same are capable of being so applied:

[If any person cannot by reason of this act be held to special bail, the court may order him to deposit bank notes to answer the demand, and if not done, he may be arrested.]

provided always, That if affidavit shall be made upon which any person or persons might have been held to special bail upon any such process as aforesaid, before the passing of this act, and it shall be likewise sworn in such affidavit that such offer of payment has been made as aforesaid, so that the person or persons who might have been arrested and held to special bail upon such process, if this act had not been made, cannot, by reason of such offer and of the provisions in this act contained, be so arrested and held to special bail, it shall be lawful for the court out of which such process shall issue, or for any judge of such court, in a summary way, to order the defendant or defendants in the action in which such process shall issue, and who might have been so held to special bail as aforesaid if this act had not been made, to cause notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, to the amount of the sum of money for which such person or persons might have been so held to special bail if this act had not been made, to be deposited in such manner as such court or such judge shall direct, to answer the demands of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action; and if such deposit shall not be made within the time limited by such order after such notice thereof as shall thereby be directed to be given, it shall be lawful, upon affidavit duly made and filed that such deposit has not been made according to such order, to arrest such defendant or defendants, and hold him, her, or them to special bail, in such and the same manner as if this act had not been made.

[Collectors of the publick revenue to accept it in bank notes.]

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of the restriction on payments by the said governor and company in cash, by this act imposed, all sums of money which now are or shall become payable for any part of the publick revenue, shall be accepted by the collectors, receivers,

216 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1796.

and other officers of the revenue, authorised to receive the same, in notes of the said governor and company, expressed to be payable on demand, if offered to be so paid (fractional parts of the sum of twenty shillings only excepted).

[The bank may issue cash out of any come into their hands since Feb. 26, 1797, on previous notice to the speaker of the house of commons.]

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, during the continuance of this act, to issue cash, out of any cash which shall have come into the hands of the said governor and company subsequent to the twenty-sixth day of February last, and which shall be at their disposal, in payment of any debt or demand whatsoever, or of any part or proportion of any debt or demand whatsoever, upon their giving five days notice in writing to the speaker of the house of commons of their intention so to do, any thing in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; which notice the speaker of the house of commons is hereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette, and a copy thereof to be affixed on the Royal Exchange in London.

[Continuance of act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be in force and have continuance, so far as the same restrains the said governor and company from issuing cash in payments, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[Act may be repealed or altered this session.]

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any manner whatsoever, during the present session of parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for making certain annuities, created by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and the dividends thereon payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

[May 3, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, made and passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

[Act of the parliament of Ireland, 37 Geo. 3. recited.]

An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sums therein provided, for and towards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for other purposes, reciting (among other things) that by a resolution of the house of commons of Ireland, of the eighteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it was resolved, that whatever sum or sums of money should be advanced or paid into his Majesty's treasury in the kingdom of Ireland, not exceeding in the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 217

whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant, to defray such extraordinary expences as the then present circumstances rendered necessary, and which had not been provided for by parliament for the service of the then current year, should be made good, such sum to be raised by issuing debentures or stock of one hundred pounds, bearing an interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and not redeemable for fifteen years, to the amount of five hundred thousand pounds, together with such annuities for each one hundred pounds as should be agreed on by his excellency the lord lieutenant, not exceeding the lowest rate which should be offered by any person or persons proposing to pay and advance such sums, such annuity to continue for fifteen years, or by sale of annuities of one hundred pounds each, not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixty thousand pounds per annum, for fifteen years or for one life, to the person or persons offering the greatest number of years purchase for such annuity, or partly by issuing such stock or debentures, and partly by sale of said annuities, in such manner as should be directed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the said kingdom of Ireland; and also reciting that, in pursuance of the said

---

restation, the sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, being three hundred thousand pounds British currency, part of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, had been subscribed for in England, to be paid into his Majesty's treasury in the kingdom of Ireland, and had been made fiock, transferr able in transfer books, agreed to be kept by the governor and company of the bank of England, for which sum an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of September one thousandfiven hundred and ninety-six, was payable in the city of London; and that the said sum was due, and unpaid; and for effeCluating the raising of the said sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, annuities of four pounds and fifteen J, hillings, by the year, [or each sum of one hundred pounds, for thirteen years and a half, from the said twenty-fifth day ^/'September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, amounting to fifteen thousand four hundred and thirty-seven pounds ten shillings Irish currency, transferrable at the bank of England, had been appointed to be paid in London to the person or persons who advanced and paid the said sum; it was enabled, (amongst other things),

1That for the said sum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds made stock, transferrable at the bank of England, there should be paid in the city of London, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons who paid or lent or should have become entitled to the same respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum Irish currency, such interest to be paid without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time, as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was further enabled., That the several annuities granted in pursuance of the jail reflation of the eighteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, should be regularly paid at the city of London, to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shoidd become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the Cn'ft

ad

2l8

The bank of

England may-pay the interest of 300, 000). iubihribed in

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1796.

aft: and whereas the governor and company of the hank ^England have consented and agreed that the annuities and interest upon the said principal sum of three hundred thousand pounds sterling, herein-before stated to have been subscribed for in England, and by the said ah of parliament ^Ireland made payable in England, shall be payable at the bank of England, and the said governor and company have also consented and agreed to keep fitch transfer books thereof as are mentioned in the said act of parliament of Ireland; but such agreement cannot be effectually carried into execution without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to pay the interest and annuities already due and payable, and hereafter to become due and payable, upon the said principal sum of three hundred thousand pounds sterling; and the said which^mav be aniunties> ar*d also the said principal sum or stock, and any part transferred at or parcel thereof, shall and may be transferrable at the bank of the bank. England, in the manner herein after described and the said annuities, principal sum, or stock, and the interest payable thereon, shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to authorise and direeft their accountant general for the time being to keep books, wherein all assignments or transfers of the said annuities and principal sums or stock shall be entered and registered, in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct; which entry shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in manner aforesaid; and that no other method' of assigning and transferring the said annuities and principal sum or stock, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall N° stamp du- o-oot} or available in law: provided always, That no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers, nor on any receipt for any payment in respect of the said annuities or the said principal sums or stock, or the interest thereof; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

ILL. And whereas for the prevention of forgeries and frauds in respect of the receipts, payments, and transfers made or given in pursuance of this act, it is necessary that the like provifeons should be enabled as by the laws now in being are already in force, respectling flocks,

annuities5

Rooks to be kept for enter in2 transfers.

ties to be charged on transfers or receipt of annuities.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 219

annuities, other publick funds tramferr able at the bank of England: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons forg-persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be recent* forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in the forging or ordebentures, counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part to suffer or'parts of the said subscriptions or contributions towards the said death, principal sum of three hundred thousand pounds sterling, or any debenture or debentures, purporting to entitle any person or persons, or body politick or corporate whatsoever, to any principal sum, or the interest thereon, or any annuity or part of any principal sum, interest, or annuity, payable under the said act of parliament of Ireland, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons, or body politick or corporate being inserted therein, as the subscriber or subscribers, or contributor or contributors, or payer or payers towards the said principal sum of three hundred thousand pounds sterling, or any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, such receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, concerning some part or {hare of or in the principal sums or flock, or the annuities, by this act made or declared transferable at the bank of England, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or a (lifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid,

shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Persons forg- from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons inS letters of shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter-^person ating feited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or proprietors, counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or in- to suffer strument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any part or share death.'of or in the principal sums or (lock, or the annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or to receive any annuity or annuities, or interest, or dividend or dividends, in pursuance of this act, payable at the bank of England, or any part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any the proprietor or proprietors of any such part or share of or in such principal sum or stock, or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, instrument, or authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such part or share of or in such principal sum or flock, or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, transferred, assigned, fold.

220

Persons forging dividend warrants, <!xc. to suffer death.

Officers of the bank embezzling potes, See. to Suffer. death.

or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, or instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of the said shares of or in the said principal sum or flock, annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer any part or share of or in the said principal sum or (lock, or annuities, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money of such true and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if such offender or offenders were the true and lawful owner or owners thereof, then and in every or any such case, such offender or offenders shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable in pursuance of this aeft at the bank of England, or any indorsement thereon, or shall offer or dispose of or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or servants, knowing such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every person or persons so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felo'ny, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any officer or Servant of the said governor and company of the bank of England, being intrusted with any note, bill, dividend warrant, or war-

' rant for payment of any annuity or interest, or money, or any Security money, or other effects of or belonging to the said governor and company, or having any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or interest, or money, or any Security money, or other effetfts of any other person or persons, body politick or corporate, lodged or deposited with the Said governor and company, or with him as an officer or Servant of the said governor and company in pursuance of this act or of the due execution thereof, shall secrete, embezzle, or run away with any Such note, bill, dividend or other warrant, Security money, or other effects as aforesaid, or any part thereof, every such officer or servant so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall Suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 221

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after "the passing of this act, if any person or persons mak-persons shall wilfully make or assist in making any transfer ofin^other^han any interest, part, or share of or in any principal lum or hock, m*oprietors annuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transferable names, to at the bank of England, in any of the books of the said governor fader death, and company of the bank of England in which transfers of principal sums, flock, or annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of this act shall be made, in the name or names of any person or persons not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such principal sum or flock, or annuity or annuities transferable as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England., or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, such person or persons so making or affilling in making such transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons whatsoever shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or to^fufffrS^cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or death, shall wilfully act or aflifl in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting of any transfer of any interest, part, or share of or in any principal sum or flock, or annuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be falle, forged,

' or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every person or persons whatsoever so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Persons nrik- from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully make or affill in making, any false entry, ^>oks of the or shall wilfully alter, or affill in altering, any word or figure in bank, to suffer any entry in the books of account kept, or in pursuance of this death, act to be kept by the said governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the several accounts of the owners or proprietors of principal sums or flock or annuities by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England arc, or in pursuance of this act shall be, entered and kept, or illal 1 in any manner wilfully falsify the account or accounts of any such owner or proprietor in the books of the said governor and company, wherein such accounts are, or in pursuance of this act shall be, entered and_kept, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

X. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries andfrauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been sometimes made out for different sums than the sums really due; be it therefore enacted by Officers of the the authority aforesaid, That if any clerk, officer, or'servant of, out^fedfe^di"1^ or ot^er person or persons employed or entrusted by, the said videndtvar- governor and company, shall from and after the passing of this rants to be act, knowing or wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure transported. to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or assist in the making out or delivering of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or interest, or money payable in pursuance of this act at the bank of England, for a greater or less amount than the person or persons on whose behalf, or pretended behalf, such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or interest, or money payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every such person or persons so offending, being in due form of law convicted of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for (even years.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for discharging the estates of John Yeldham, esquire, from certain demands of the crown, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

[Maya, 179 7-]

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual two acts, made in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation and improvement of the fisheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and streams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Eyemouth in the county of Berwick.

[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. L.

An act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Barmouth, in the county of Merioneth.

[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. LI.

An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leicester navigation to finish and complete their several works, and to discharge the debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said navigation, ' and several other works in such ad mentioned.

[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. LII.

An act for regulating and converting the statute labour in the county of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing the highways within the said county. — -[May 3. 1707.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. 223

CAP. LIII.

An act for carrying into execution his Majesty's order in council of the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for an increase of pay and provisions to the seamen and marines serving in his Majestf $ navy; and to amend so much of an act, made in the thirty -fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables petty officers and seamen, non-commijfwned officers of marines9 and marines, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives, children, or mothers.

[May 9, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an order was made by your Majesty in council,

[Preamble.]

on the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for an increase to the present allowance of wages and provisions for the petty officers, seamen, landmen, and marines, serving in your Majests fleet; and for a continuation of the pay of all petty officers seamen, landmen, and marines, who may hereafter be wounded in attion with the enemy, until their wounds shall be healed, or some other provision j, hall be made for them: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous of enabling your Majesty to carry the same into full and immediate execution, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Ring's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a sum not exceeding three hundred and seventy-two 372, 0001. thousand pounds, be granted to his Majesty on account, towards panted to^his enabling his Majesty to make an addition of five shillings and in(?reafe of sixpence per month to the present wages of the petty officers and pav and liable seamen belonging to his Majesty's fleet; an addition of four lowance to shillings and sixpence per month to the wages of ordinary sea- P*1>r.

men: an addition of three shillings and sixpence per month to, n 1 i r ., r. and marines,

the wages of landmen; and for continuing to the marines, when

embarked and serving on board his Majesty's ships, the allowances usually called Consolidated Allowances made to Marines when serving on Shore, videlicet, to serjeants, corporals, and drummers, at the rate of two-pence, and to privates, at the rate of twopence farthing, per diem; and also to enable his Majesty to defray the expence of providing for the full allowance of provisions being issued to the crews of his Majesty's ships, without any deduction whatsoever on account of leakage or waste, and for paying short allowance money to the crews of any of the said ships, in lieu thereof, until the same can be carried into full effebl.

II. And be it further enacted, That all petty officers, able Petty officers seamen, ordinary (eamen, landmen, and marines, who may Earned a^nd hereafter be wounded in action with the enemy, shall receive the wounded" to

full receive their

224 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1796.

wages and al- full amount of their wages and allowances until their wounds their^vound- Sealed, or unt^ being declared incurable they shall re-

are healed or ce've a pension from the chest at Chatham, or be admitted into are other wise the royal hospital at Greenwich.

provided for.

III. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Alajefys reign, intituled An act to enable petty officers in the navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families; it is mailed^ That it shall be lawful for petty officers and non-commissioned officers of marines, to allot half their payable-bodied seamen five-pence per day, ordinary seamen ayid landfmen four-pence per day, and marines three-pence per day*, for the maintenance of their valves and children Pay.hereby or mothers: be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing given may be of this a£>, it shall and may be lawful for the of of m^ntena^ce16 Majesty's. navy, or any three of them, to direct the treasurer of families, as of navy, or any receiver general of land tax, collector of cuf-by 35 Geo. 3. toms, or collector of excise, or clerks of the checque, to whom c. 28. an allotment made conformable to the said act shall have been

addressed, to increase, from the twenty-fourth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the allowance in the payments he or they or any of them may thereafter make to the wife or mother of any petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to a proportion equal to half the increased pay of such petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, provided for by this act; and which shall thereupon be paid in the same manner as if such declaration and order of allotment had been originally made according to the rate of half the pay of petty officers, seamen, and marines, as by this act is provided.

Allotments of

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any petty officer pay to be cal- or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall corffino- to"the hereafter a^of any Pay for maintenance of his wife and chil-annexJd sche- dren or mother, the same shall be at a rate calculated as nearly dultv equal as may be to half his pay, and according to the table in

the schedule hereunto annexed.

The

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers,

A TABLE,

Shewing the allowance to be granted by allotment, calculated according to the rates of pay per month.

PAY,

Per Month.

£--5 0 4.15

4 10 4 5 3 15 3 11 3 5 3 .1 2 19 2 17

2 ?5 2 13 2 10

2 7

5

2

1 o

*99 17 >5 13

11

10

9

3

2

o 19 3

014 o

ALLOWANCE,

Per Day. Per Month"

d. S. d.

O I9290

O I 8 2 6 8

O I 7 2 4 4

O 1 6 2 2 0

O I 4 I7 4

O 1 3 I 15 0

O I 2 1 12 8

O I 1 1 10 4

O I 0 i I92

O.I 0 1 8 0

O O ni 1 6 10

O O 11 I 5 8

O O ioi I 4 6

O O 10 1 3 4

O O 9i I 2 2

O O91 1 0

O O Si O9 10

0 O 8 0 18 8

O O 8 O 18 8

O O 7i O £7 6

O O 1 O 16 4

O O O lS 2

O O 6 O H 0

O O 5 O 11 8

O O 4x O 10 6

O O 4 O94

O O 3 O 7 0

CAP. LIV.

An act for authorising the company of proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of a certain part of the said canal, so as to render the execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

[May 9, 1797.]

CAP. LV.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Milbrooke in the county of Southampton, and for enlarging the qhurch yard of the said parish.

[May 9, 1797 ]

Vol. XU. Q. CAP.

226 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56, 57. [1796.

CAP. LVI.

An a to amend an a <ft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge across the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the county of Hereford.

[May 9, 1797.]

CAP. LVII.

An act for raising the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities — [May n, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising the Taid sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, either in money or in exchequer bills, as herein after is mentioned, be entitled to the principal sums of one hundred pounds and twenty-five pounds in consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and also to a further principal sum of fifty pounds in reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and also to a further prin^ cipal sum of twenty pbunds in annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said several consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum^ to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand seven fhundred and ninety-seven; and every such contributor shall also thJconfoli- ° entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so

dated fund, contributed, to a further annuity of six shillings and sixpence,

(subject to a deduction as herein after mentioned), to continue for a certain term of sixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to cease; and that the said several consolidated annui-

Every contributor of iool. towards raising 14, 500, cool, to be entitled to a principal of iool. and 251. in the 3 per cent, confols; a principal of 50l. in the

3 per cents, reduced; a principal of act. in the

per cents, and an annuity of 6s. 6d. for a certain term,

half-yearly.

ties after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per cen-'turn, and the said further annuity of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as herein after is mentioned) in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 227

shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and mad, e payable out of the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly* on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as herein after mentioned) to continue for a certain term of sixty-two years and nine months, from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to cease, shall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year.

II. And be it further enacted, That every contributor towards Contributors raiding the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall, in proportion to every one hundred pounds so con- ably to raising tributed and paid, contribute a further proportional sum to any a further loan loan not exceeding three millions five hundred thousand pounds, of 3*500, 0001. which shall be made by virtue of any act or adbs to be passed in the present session of parliament: provided always, That in case ditfion to be provision shall not be made by any act or acts to be passed in the made from present session of parliament, for a further loan to the amount of the annuity of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, over and above the said fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, a deduction of sixpence shall be made from the amount of the annuity of six shillings and sixpence herein-before mentioned, upon every one hundred pounds contributed towards the said loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, for and in respect of every million, by which the total amount of such further loan or loans shall be less than three millions five hundred thousand pounds; and in case provision shall not be so made for any part of the said three millions five hundred thousand pounds, a deduction of one shilling and sixpence shall be made from the amount of the annuity of six shillings and sixpence before mentioned.

III. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions herein mentioned, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by an-unities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, with the c a finer or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, and have also made further deposits of ten pounds per centum towards raising any further loan or loans not exceeding three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament, before the twenty-sixth day of May one thousam seven hundred and

ninety seven; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be Contributors lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits 0plts

with the cashier or caftiiers of the governor and company of the ^the bank1

QJZ bank may pay the

remainder of subscriptions by installments.

bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) to advance and pay unto the said caflfier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed, towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, either in money or exchequer bills, as herein after is mentioned, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf, (that is to say), The further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-sixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the further sum oi fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of June then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of August then next following, the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of Sep- tember then next following, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of October then next following, the further'sum often pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of November then next following, and the remaining sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-ninth day of December then next following: provided always, That if provillon shall not be made by any act or acts- to be passed in this session of parliament, before the twenty-sixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for raising such further loan or loans to the full additional amount of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the excess of each additional sum so deposited by every contributor, over and above the proportional deposit on any such further loan or loans, less in the whole than three millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deemed a part of the second payment to be made by him towards raising the loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and that if provision shall not be made in like manner towards raising any part of the said additional sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the whole of each additional sum so deposited as aforesaid by any contributor, shall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deemed part of the second payment to be made by him or her towards raising the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds.

Exchequer

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who bills_made out shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by vir-3^ Geo. c 10.tue an P3fied in the present session of parliament, intituled, dated prior to sin c<ft for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, Jan, 21, 1797, which were dated previous to the twenty-first: day of January contadne'°ne ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or of any such the annexed exchequer bills which are contained in a schedule hereunto an-schedule, to nexed, shall be a: liberty to pay or deliver in the same for the be received as purchase of the said annuities, and such exchequer bill or bills

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 229

shall be received as money by the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company, and placed as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering in the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who Exchequer

shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue f° irnc

out benrin

of the said last mentioned act, which mall bear date at any time dat^ a^rr 0

after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety- May 1, 1797,

seven, and which shall become payable on the twenty-fifth day and becoming

of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be °n

at liberty to pay or deliver in the same on account of the install- to be receded

ment which shall become due by virtue of this act on the twenty- as caih in the

sixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, initallment on

and such exchequer bill or bills shall be received as money by the 26, J 797>

cathier or cashiers of the said governor and company, and placed

as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or

delivering in the same: provided always, That no such laid-

mentioned exchequer bill or bills shall be so received, unless the condition before-mentioned, and the purpose for which the same shall be issued, shall be inferred therein, and the amount and number of such bills so issued shall be contained in a list to be made out by the direction of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and certified to the governor and company of the bank of England, or their cashier or cashiers; and the said lords of are hereby authorised to cause any exchequer bills to be issued under the authority of the said last mentioned act to be so made out and certified as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe law- Guardians fulfor any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the money maY subscribe or effects of any infant, to contribute and pay any money, or ^ornt: ants# deliver in any exchequer bill or bills before-mentioned, for or

towards advancing the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such.sum or sums of money, or delivery of such bill or bills by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or Turns so advanced, or exchequer bill or bills delivered in, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money or exchequer bill or bills.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying Discounttobe in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respect allowed on

of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, thJwhole°of to be contributed as aforesaid either in money or in exchequer bills, the subserip-at any time on or before the seventeenth day of November one tions in ad-thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to anvance> allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum

<U Per

and on sub-fcnptions advanced in part.

Contributors entitled to certain annuities.

per annum from the day of completing; the same to the twenty-ninth day ol December out thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven* which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed such payments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such contributor who shall advance and pay unto the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, any such proportional part or parts of the sums by him or her contributed, which by this act are limited to be paid by installment, before the day on which such installment shall be made payable (such proportional part or parts not amounting to the whole of his or her contribution,) shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing any such installment shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same to the day on which the same shall become payable by virtue of this act, which last mentioned allowance shall be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed such payments.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, be entitled to annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum in relpeff of the said principal sums of one hundred pounds and twenty-five pounds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, unti} redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum in respect of the additional principal sum of twenty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and {half also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of fix fhfilings and sixpence (subject to a deduction as herein-before mentioned) to continue for the term of sixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and

then to cease 5 which said respsdtive annuities, after the rate

1796.] Anno iegni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 231

of three pounds per centum^and of three pounds per centum^ and of four pounds per centum respectively, and of six shillings and sixpence, (subject to such deduction as herein-before is mentioned), shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to say), The said first-mentioned several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum^ on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as aforesaid) on the said tenth day of October and the said fifth day of April in every year; the first payment upon the said first-mentioned several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and on the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum> and on the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and niiiety-seven; and on the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as aforesaid) on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; but shall not be payable until the respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns,

shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Contributors every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, who shall have paid or delivered their subscript-into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, tions as herein her, or their contribution in respect to the said several consolidated specified, to be annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on entitled to an-or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ^-tain pe^ ninety-seven, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth riods. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, at the bank of England, the half-year's annuities after the rate of three pounds centum, that shall become due on the said fifth day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said payment or payments in respect to the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or in respetft to the said annuity of four pounds per centum, or in respect to the annuities of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as aforesaid), on or before the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the half-year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or four pounds per centum, or six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as aforesaid), or either of them respectively, whereupon such payments shall have been completed and shall become due, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

The bank to appoint a cailiicr and accountant general, and the treasury to order money to be issued to the cashier.

232 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

Annuities

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid

bank*ke Paya^e an^ paid, and be transferable at the bank of England, and as to the said several annunities of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per, centum, and of four pounds per centum respectively, shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

XII. dad, for the more eofy and sure payment of all the several annuities established by this act, be it further enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England and their successors, dial] from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first: cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first: or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, byway of imprest and upon

Cashier to pay account, for the payment of the said several and respective an-annuities nuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or

d^the"acca^'ers> to whom the said money shall from time to time be countanfge- ^ue^5 shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same ac-neral toinlpedt cordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to his accounts, the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall, from time to time, inspedf and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the voucbeis relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions

Cashier to give receipts for subserip-tiens, which

SfnrfNinu" towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

ed before Nov. 16, 1797.

C fhier to give security.

pound?, shall give receipts, in writing, to every such contributor^ for all such films and exchequer bills; and that the receipts to be given shall be made out separate in respect of the first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, the lait mentioned annuities after the like rate, the annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, and the annuities to continue for sixty-two years and nine months, as aforesaid, distinguishrng each frock; and such receipts shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at anytime before the sixteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to

the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 233

the good liking of any three or more of the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly

answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer,

for the publick use, all the monies and exchequer bills which they have already received, and not already paid in, and which they shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum

of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed; and shall from time to time pay and deliver all such monies, and exchequer bills as soon as he or they

bish£-

shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days within live

afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in days after re-

the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deduiling

thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in en

pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be

made in his or their accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That In the office of the A hook to be

accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of iccPt m*ie o o 1 - j " accounr^rir

England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided general's office and kept, in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly for entering

entered; which book or books the said respective contributors, contributors'

their respective executors, administrators, successors, and aliigns,

shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort which to be

to and inspect without any fee or charge 5 and that the said transmitted to

accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor of

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, transmit an attested the exchequer*

duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into

the eftice of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer,

there to remain for ever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, duly Contributors paying the whole sum so subscribed, either in money or exchequer subseno-bi 1 Is, at or before the respective times in this act limited in that tions, entitled behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, to their annui-and aliigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by ftes tax-free, virtue of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this act granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out

of the monies granted and appropriated in this section of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act: contained, as well in respect of the said transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds/>£r centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum respectively, as of six shillings and sixpenceper annum (subject to such deduction as aforesaid), payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever: provided always, That in Subscriptions " in case any such contributors who have already deposited with, or Paici in PHrt> shall hereafter pay to, the said cashier or cashiers any sum or sums p^ecTVor-111* of money, or deliver any exchequer bill or bills at the time, and teited.> in the manner herein before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed towards raising the sum

234 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance in money or exchequer bills to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times, and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, in respedi of the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum respecti vely, and of six shillings and sixpence per annum (subject to such dedudiion as aforesaid) in respedi thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contri-are completed hutors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, they may be shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole transferred. sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respedi of the several consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, to which they respectively shall become entitled in respedi of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or alsigns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respedi of the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or in respedi of the annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of the annuities of six shillings and sixpence (subject to such deduction as aforesaid), or of any or either of them, the respective principal sums or annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, completing such respective payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other perfomor persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England\ and such sums shall carry the several first-mentioned annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four potinds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of six shillings and sixpence per annum (subject

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 235

to such dedudion as aforesaid) for sixty-two years and nine months, and then to cease; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be dock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption of all the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centu?n per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence per annum (subject to such dedudion as aforesaid), at the expiration of the said period of sixty-two years and nine months.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall Annuities to be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of be deemed the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds,

and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible ro heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury may lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from [h*e exche^ ° time to time all such sums of moneyas already have been or shall quer. be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or gaflfters, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant stantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, general to wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or con- keeP, 1hooks for tributed towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred transfers; thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry

shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That in whose of-all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of the said flocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible tered. witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said flocks of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said flocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; and that

not

Treasury to pay incidental expences out of contributions, and to allow salaries to the cashier and accountant general.

236 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

Transfers not no ft amp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said liable to stamp transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

U XX, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out

of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them Avail seem just; and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant genera], for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respeef of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the fad governor and company, shall be for the ule and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, to be added to respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said the joint sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which flock of 3l. per the said respective. annuities first mentioned, after the rate of

The 3l. per cents, confols' under this act

cent.con ols; t]iree pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several act$ made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed, in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person' and persons, f and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, tliall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rates aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards percents, re- the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, duced; on

and the 3l. per cent, reduced, to the joint stock of 3l.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 237

on which the said annuity lad mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England) which, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint dock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become and the4l. per entitled by virtue of this act in respect of any sum advanced or j^stockof contributed towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred Jthe 4l. per thousand pounds, on which the said annuity after the rate of four cents, pounds per centum per annum shall beattending, shall be added to the joint frock cf annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two acts made in the twentieth and twemy-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and, upon such notice as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the said acts; and that all and every person or persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities Annuittesof after the rate of six shillings and sixpence per annum, (subject to addedt eft he such deduction as aforesaid), to continue for a certain term of annuities for sixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one 99 and 98 thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to cease, to years* which any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, shall be entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any*sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raiding the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand poundsas aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the banko{England for the re spedltve terms of ninety-nine yearsand ninety-eight years from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and

Annuities granted by this act? to

Persons counterfeiting receipts for contributions, See. to suffer death.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, respectively, and then to cease; and which said respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by divers acts made in the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable, at the same time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money shall, from time to time, continue to be set apart be paid out of and issued at the receipt of the exchequer, to the said cashier or the eonfoli- cashiers of the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy dated fund. and p3y f0 Gf said annuities, after the respective rates

of three pounds per centum per annum, of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted, to continue fora certain term of sixty-two years and nine months, from the said fifth day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or aflifl in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as a contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter orpublish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or ailifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament, or shall cease, as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank ot England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of

The bank to continue a corporation till the annuities here by granted cease.

TOb fee to be taken for receiving sub-l'criptions, or paying or transferring

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 239

them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made annuities, on in pursuance of this acct, upon pain that any officer or person^0 offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

[General issue.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special

matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and

if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants,

[Treble costs.]

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be non-suited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded

to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or At may be

any part thereof, may be altered or varied by any act to be passed tlus

in this session of parliament. e

SCHEDULE to which this act refers*

AN account of certain exchequer bills issued at par, between the seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the twenty-sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the publick service, under an engagement on the part of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, to propose to parliament that the said exchequer bills should be received as cash on the deposit of the new loan then intended to be proposed to parliament.

No. 2, 489 to 2>493' dated 7th April 1797, £ 100 each [1500.

3>011 to 3>023> — nth — 500 each 6, 500

3>024 to 3»177» — 12th — 500 each 77, 000

3>«78 to 3>223> — 12th — 500 each 23, 000

2)201 to 2, 250, — 13th — 200 each 50, 000

2, 251 to 2, 291, — 15th — 200 each 8, 200

3>3°i to 3>338, — 15th — 500 each 19, 000 11, 800

2, 292 to 2>35°, — 15th — 200 each

3)339 to 3, 460, — 15th — 500 each 61,000

2>35i to 2, 625, — 26th — 200 each 55, 000

3>56i to 3>78o> 26th — - 500 each 110, 000

£ 4-22, 0

240 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 58, 59.

[1 ^96.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in the town of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for opening con-vcnient avenues thereto.

[May n, 1797.]

CAP. LIX.

An act for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and the regular redemption of the capital to be created thereby; for enabling the governor and company of the bank of England to retain the sums granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick service; and for repaying to the contributors to the loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, the excess of their deposits beyond the proportional depofts to the said loans.

[May

25.1797-']

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

Convention between his Majesty and the emperor of Germany, recited.

Contributors to the loan by virtue of, 37 Geo. 3. c. 57. may subscribe to a loan to the emperor, and for every 100l. shall be entitled to a principal in the 3l. per cents.

WHEREAS by a convention, fgned on the part of your Majesty and the emperor of Germany, bearing date the sixteenth dfiy of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it was agreed, that your Majesty having advanced the sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds for the service of his imperial Majesty, the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds should be raised by loan on account of his imperial Majesty, on the terms and conditions herein after mentioned; and that your Majesty had engaged to propose to your parliament to guarantee the regular payment of the half-yearly dividends on the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and also to provide for guaranteeing the payment of a sum equal to one pound per centum per annum of the capital to be created by such loan, to be applied to the reduction thereof: and whereas? we, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have resolved that provision be made for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on such loan, and of the said sum to be applied to the reduction of the capital created thereby, conformably to the said convention: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raiding the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, raised by virtue of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities, shall, in proportion to every one hundred pounds so contributed and paid, be entitled to subscribe a further proportional sum towards the said loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that every such contributor shall for everyone hundred pounds so contributed towards the said sum of one million

fix

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59* 24r

six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, be entitled to principal sum of two hundred and twenty-six pounds and ten shillings in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to commence from the thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety*seven, and to be added to and made one joint hock with the three pounds per centum annuities, guaranteed by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and shall be transferable at the bank of England in the same manner as the said three pounds per centum annuities are transferable there.

II. And whereas several contributors towards raising the said loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, raisied by virtue of the said act of the prese?it session, have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the further sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, on the conditions that such part thereof as should be raisid by loan by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this fission of parliament, should be deemed to be a depost for such loan, and the excess thereoffall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deemed a part of the second payment to be made by him towards the said loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds; be it further enacted, That so much Depofifs to of the sums deposited by the said contributors towards the further sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be 3>500j000l. by after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the sum of one million contributors six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, shall be deemed a to the loan deposit towards the loan to be raised by virtue of this act; and u°der37 peo°

r j m*. c r 7 to

it shall be lawful to and for such contributors who have made^deemed such deposits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and deposits company of the bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is towards the and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such con- ^and tributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), the Vemaizider to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the gover- of subserip-nor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders tions thereto of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds as herein- nfe^s>a*after is mentioned, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), The further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-sixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-first day of June then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of August then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of September then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the seventeenth day of October then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before-, the seventeenth day of

Vol. XLI. R November

Guardians may subscribe for infants*

Di (count to be allowed on payment of the whole of subscriptions before Nov. I7> 1797.

Bifcotmttobe allowed on payment of instalments in advances

In default' of payment by

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

November then next following 5 and the remaining Turn of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty - ninth day of December then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money or effects of any infant, to contribute and pay any money for or towards advancing the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thou fan cl pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or jams of money by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money; and also in the debenture, or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to be granted on the part of his imperial majesty as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respect of the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the seventeenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interefi: of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, of their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds^r centumper annum, from the day of completing the same to the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respecttive contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed such payments.

V. And be it further ehacled. That every such contributor who shall advance and pay unto the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, any such proportional part or parts of the sums by him or her contributed, which by this act are limited to be paid by instalment before the day on which such instalment shall be made payable, (such proportional part or parts not amounting to the whole of his or her contribution), shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interefi: of each sum fopaid in advance for completing any such instalment shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the same to the day on which the same shall become payable by virtue of this act, which last mentioned allowance shall be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assign.s, shall have completed such payments,

VI. And be it further enacted, That in default of payment.of

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 243

of the interest and annuity stipulated to be paid on the part of the emperor, the emperor, on the first day of May and tbd first day of Novem- [o^'lii^at her in every year, agreeably to the dividend certificates to be an- t£e^nexed to the debentures and annuity bonds to be granted on the charged upon part of his said imperial majesty, the amount of such dividend the consoli-certificates shall be paid to the respective holders at the bank of dated fundI; England^ on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January subscriptions next after such default, and that the payments so made at the to both loans bank of England, in consequence of such default on the part of are completed, his imperial majesty, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and and deben-are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the consoli- ^ccd^for dated fund, and the same shall be payable and paid at the bank of annuities on England^ on the days herein after mentioned; that is to say, the loan under Such of the said dividends wherein default shall be made on the this first day of May in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of July next ensuing, shall be payable and paid at the bank of England, on the fifth day of July next ensuing such default; and such of the said dividends wherein default shall be so made on the first day of November in any year, and shall remain un-satished on the first day of January next ensuing, shall be payable and paid at the bank of England., on the first day of January next ensuing such default: provided always, That no such payment shall be made until the respective contributors towards both the said loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, shall have completed the whole of the respective sums by them subscribed, for the purchase of the said several annuities, nor until the person or persons entitled thereunto shall have deposited, or shall produce, from time to time, at the bank of England, the debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, for securing his, her, or their share or interest in the principal sums or annuities on the said loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several contributors, in respeT of the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty ^rtain ai£ thousand pounds, their respective executors, administrators, fuc- nuities. ceftors, and assigns, shall, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, be entitled to annuities after the rate of three pounds per centimi in respect of the said principal sums of two hundred and twenty-six pounds and ten shillings, to commence from the thirty-first day of January., until redemption, in manner herein mentioned; which said annuities, in default of payment thereof by his imperial majesty, or his bankers or agents at or during the times herein-before mentioned, shall be payable and paid halTyearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), The fifth day of July for the payments becoming due on the first day of May preceding, and the fifth day of January for the payments becoming due on the first day of November preceding, provided that the first payment thereof shall be made for three quarters of a year from the thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the first day of November next following, but shall not be

R 2 payable

244 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

Contributors paying the whole of subscriptions by Odt aj, 1797* to be entitled to

payable until the respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and alligns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every such contributor or contributors, his her, or their executors, administrators, and alligns, who shall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution, in respect of the said sum of one million fix three quarters hundred and twenty thousand pounds, on or before the twenty-dividends on fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, Nov. 1, 1797. (pall be entitled to have and receive, on the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven at the bank of England, the annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum for three quarters of a year that shall become due on the said first day of November.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the; cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions maybeadign- towards the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty ed before thousand pounds, shall give receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such lums, which receipt, shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the fix-. teenth day of November, and no longer: provided always, That

and payUrro? such cashier or cashiers shall give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received and nor already paid in, and which they shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of one million six hundred

Cashier to give receipts for subscriptions, which

Nov. 16, 1797.

Cashier to pay money within five days after received into the exchequer.

and twenty thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he. or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, de-dueling the reour. such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

Contributors, duly paying subscriptions, entitl'd to

a 11 unities Ux free.

X. And be it further enacted, That such subscribers duly paying the whole sum so subscribed, at or before the respective times in this a cl limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and aftlgns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this aeft, to have, receive, and enjoy, (he said several annuities, in relpeCl of the sum so subscribed in default of payment of the same on the part of his imperial majesty as aforesaid, and shall have good and sure interests and effaces therein according to the several provisions in this act contained, payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges,

and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59- 244

and impositions whatsoever: provided always, That in case any Subscriptions such contributors who have already deposited with, or shall here-^0*001-after pay to the said cafihier or cashiers, any sum or sums of mo- pieted, for-ney, at the tim£ and in the manner herein-berore mentioned, felted, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed towards raising the sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, or alsigns, shall not advance to the said cafihier or cafihiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or

cafihiers in respect of the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in the office of the ac- A book to be

countant general of the governor and company of the bank in ttie

of England for the time being, a book or books final 1 be provided general's'^ and kept, in which the debentures and annuity bonds to be office fer en-issued by the bankers or agents for his imperial majesty shall, tering deben-after being countersigned by or by the authority of the said accountant general, be fairly entered, specifying the number and a^entT^ndV sum of each debenture and annuity bond, and the name or duplicate of names of the person or persons in which the find debentures and it to be trans-annuity bonds shall be filled up; and the said accountant general to

shall, on or before the fifth day of "July one thousand seven hun- ex'-lie<luei dred and ninety-eight, transmit an attefied duplicate, fair/y written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Agents of the lawful for the bankers or agents of the emperor, to advance and

pay to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of bank^hedi-the bank of England, before or on the first day of May and the vidends. and first day of November in every year, the dividends to grow due shall deliver on the whole of the loan of the said one million six hundred and ^Turns fro twenty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as shall not have grow due been redeemed or paid off by the emperor for the purpose of fa- half-yearly, tisfying the dividends to grow due on those days relpefitively, or See. to advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, such part of the said dividends as shall have been remitted to them, or shall be in their hands for that purpose, and filial also, on each day appointed for payment of such dividends as aforesaid, deliver to such cashier or cashiers an account in writing, ligned by them, of the amount of the sums to grow due at the end'of such half-year on such loan, and of the deficiency (if any) in the sums remitted to them, or in their hands, for the purpose aforesaid, together with the amount of the principal sums and interelf thereon, which the emperor may have redeemed or repurchased of rbe

r 3 said

246

If the whole dividends be not paid to

who Hi all cause the deficiency to be ififued out of the consolidated fund.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

said loan in pursuance of the provisions contained in the convention before mentioned; and if the whole of the half-yearly dividends shall not be paid to the said cashier or cashiers on or the cashier, he before the day on which the same shall be payable to the respectis to certify tive contributors, their respective executors, administrators, fuc-d^r^<^rst0 Ce^'°rS' or affiSns> according to the stipulations contained in or which shall be re^erre^ to by the convention before mentioned, the said cashier transmitted to or cashiers shall, on the day next afterwards, certify the same to the treasury, the governor and company of the bank of England; which certificate shall be by them transmitted under their seal to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer, for the time being; and the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered in pursuance of such certificate, to cause to be issued within the time herein-before limited, to the governor and company of the bank of England, out of the consolidated fund, in case the necessary provision shall not in the mean time be made on the part of his impelial majesty, the amount of the deficiency so certified, receiving from the said governor and company the tallies or certificates of the films so paid on account of such dividends, according to the intent and meaning of the convention on the part of his Majesty and the emperor before mentioned, in order that his Majesty may be enabled to recover the same, with interest, in the manner therein agreed upon.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both houses of parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of every session, an account of the total sums from time to time issued and

what has been applied by virtue of this act, towards paying and satisfying the repaid by the dividends to grow due on the said loan of one million six hundred emperor. ancj twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and a like account of the total sums from time to time issued and applied by virtue of this act, towards the redemption of the capital to be created by virtue of this act; and also an account of all sums repaid by, or recovered from, or on behalf of the emperor, by reason of such advances, or either of them, together with the interest paid or recovered thereon.

XIV. And whereas, in pursuance of the said convention certain debentures and annuity bonds are to be issued in the name of his imped rial majesty, by his said imperial majejlf s bankers or agents resident in this kingdom, for fearing the principal sums, interest, and annuity on the said loan; be it further enacted, That it 111 all and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the said debentures or annuity bonds, or any part or parcel thereof, being lodged at the bank of England, to authorise and diretft their accountant general for the time being to keep books, wherein the persons so depositing such debentures and annuity bonds, or any of them, shall be credited for the amount of the interest according to the principal sums contained in the said debentures,

Treasury so lay before parliament an account of the sums issued, and of

Debentures issued in the name of the emperor, may be entered at the bank, and transferred.

247

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 49.

bentures, and of the annuities contained in the said annuity bonds, and wherein all alignments or transfers of the principal sums, interest, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds respectively so deposited, or of any part or parcel thereof, shall be entered and registered in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct; which entries shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in writing, under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by t\vo or more credible witnesses, and that the several persons to whom such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwite their acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised as aforesaid, and that no other method of assigning and transferring at the bank o$ England the principal (urns, interest, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds that shall be so deposited at the bank of England, or any part or parcel thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law for the purpose of claiming or demanding any dividend, interest, or annuity, for or on account of such debenture or annuity bonds as shall be deposited at the bank of England as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in default of payment In default of

of a sum equal to one pound per centum per annum of the capital payment by

created by the said loan of one million six hundred and twenty the empei-or

thousand pounds, on the part of his imperial majesty, in any °ei*ann^of the

year, which payments have been stipulated to be made by four capital, a

equal payments in the year9 videlicet. On the first day of February, sufficient sum

the first day of May, the first day of Attgust, and the first day of to \T; J^J i c \ J \ quarterly out

November, in every year; the nrft payment thereof to be made 0Ytheconfo-

on the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety- lidated fund (even, a sum not exceeding the sum of nine thousand one hun- to the bank dred and seventy-three pounds and five shillings, or so much 'VKi placed to thereof as shall be sufficient for that purpose, shall be set apart of^com-quarterly out of the monies composing the consolidated fund, missioners for and shall be issued and applied, at the receipt of the exchequer, reduction of to the governor and company of the bank of England, on the ^that'ona^ days, and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say.

Such of the said payments wherein default shall have been (o made on the first day of February in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of April next ensuing, shall be issued on the fifth day of April next ensuing; and such of the said payments wherein default shall be so made on the first day of May in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of July next ensuing, shall be issued on the fifth day of July next ensuing; and such of the said payments wherein default shall be so made on the first day of August in 'any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the tenth day of October next ensuing, shall be issued on the tenth day of October next ensuing; and such of the said payments wherein default shall be so made on the first day of November in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth

r 4 clay

Treasury may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

Treasury to pay incidental expences out of contributions. and allow laUries to the ifhier and accountant general.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

day of January next ensuing, shall be issued on the fifth day of January next ensuing; and the said sums so to be issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said governor and company shall be placed to the account of the commissioners for the redudfion of the national debt, and shall be by them applied, together with the imereft arising therefrom, in the redemption of such proportion of the said consolidated flock of annuities as shall be added thereto by virtue of this a£u

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such (urns of money as already have been or shall be lo paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said ca[flier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the monies arising from the contributions, towards raising the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to di (charge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this ain such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowance as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances a3 shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which, any person or persons (flail become entitled by virtue of

prietors^o be of any sum advanced or contributed towards

added to the the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, on which the said annuities shall be attending, shall, with the con lent of the respective proprietors thereof, be added to the flock of annuities with the three pounds per centum annuities, guaranteed by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, before mentioned, and shall be deemed part of the said flock of annuities, transferable at the bank of England, subject nevertheless to redemption, in such manner as in this act is directed; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid

Annuities, with consent of the pro-

3 per cents, guaranteed by Geo. 3. c. 93.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 249

laid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That un- Contributors less any one or more of the contributors towards raising the said to deemed sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, his, ^njefs differit her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or a/Tigns, be signified shall previously to the fifteenth day of "June one thousand seven before June hundred and ninety-seven, signify his, her, or their di/Fent to l5> XW* the governor and company of the bank of England, in writing,

in a book to be kept for that purpose, he, she, or they shall be deemed to have consented, and all the said monies shall be added to such flock, according to the directions before mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no stamp duties what- No (lamp soever shall be charged on any of the said debentures or annuity

bends, nor on any of the alignments or transfers thereof, at the debentures' bank of England, nor on any receipt given for or upon the pay- see. ment of the said loan, or any part thereof, or of the interests, annuities, or dividends, to grow due thereon; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty for Tons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forging de-forged, counterfeited, or altered, any debenture or debentures, bond" annuity bond or annuity bonds, purporting to entitle any person letters of

or persons, or body politick or corporate, to any principal sum attorney, &c. or interest thereon, or any annuity or dividend for or on account of the said loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, or by virtue of this add, or shall wilfully deliver to or deposit with the said governor and company of the bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully acfl or aftift in forging or counterfeiting, any letter of attorney or other authority or instrumens, or any indorsement on any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to transfer or assign any such debenture or debentures, or annuity bond or annuity bonds as aforesaid, or any principal sum or sums placed in the name of any person or persons whomsoever in the books of the bank of England, as herein mentioned, or any part of such sum or sums, or to receive any such interest, annuity, or dividend as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the said debentures or annuity bonds, or any of the said principal sums, interest, annuity, or dividends, or any part (hereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

letter of attorney, indorsement, authority, or instrument; or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such principal sum or sums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any such annuities, interest, or dividends, or any of them, by virtue of any such counterfeited or forged letter of attorney, indorsement, authority, or instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or of any of such principal sums as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, or of any such annuities, interest, or dividends, as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or any of them, or the said principal sums, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive any of the said annuities, interest or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or dividend, herein mentioned, or any indorsement on any warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest, or dividend, or shall offer, dispose of, or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or dividend, as aforesaid, or any warrant for such payment, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or servants, knowing such warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest or dividend as aforesaid, or the indorsement on any such warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest, or dividend as aforesaid, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to deiraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part or parts of the said contributions towards the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as a contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; every person or persons so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 251

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the The bank to said governor and company of the bank o{England, and their successor's, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their tj]j^an_ own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or nuities cease. any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further erracted, That no fee, reward, or No fee to be

gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his taken for Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying, the said subscription 'or

or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made annuities, on in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person P^na^0 offending, by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty

pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wTager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may

[General issue.]

plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter

in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if

afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their

action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall he

given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise,

then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded Treble costs,

to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXV. And whereas several fans, amounting together to the sum of five millions five hundred thousand pounds, have been granted to his Majesty, towards repaying to the governor and company of the bank of England, advances made by them to that amount, for the publick service: and whereas the most convenient way of effecting the same, will be to enable the said governor and company to retain the amount in the proportions, and at the times, and in manner herein after mentioned; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be The bank t<v lawful for the said cashier or cashiers, out of the monies which retain

shall be paid to him or them on account of the several instalments herein after mentioned, that will become due and payable in(ta!merits on the said loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand on the two pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, loans, in to retain and pay, to the use of the said governor and company, yan^es^for the the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, out of the instaiments publick ler-

which vice.

252 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

P, irt of 3 7 Geo 3. c. 57 recited.

which will become due and payable on the twenty-first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further ium of five hundred thousand pounds out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the eighteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the fifteenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds, out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the seventeenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; the further sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the seventeenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any sum not exceeding the further sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, which shall, on the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, appear, by the certificate of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, which certificate the said auditor is hereby required to make out, and transmit to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, on or before the said twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to be due and payable to the said governor and company, on account of exchequer bills which have been made out in pursuance of an act passed in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, and of another act passed in the same session, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, out of the instalments which will become due and payable on the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven.

XXVI. And whereas by the said act of the present session, it is provided, That if provision shall not be made by any act or acts to be passed before the twenty-sixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for raising a further loan or loans to the full additional amount of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the excess of each additional sum which has been deposited by every contributor, over and above the proportional deposit on any such further loan or loans less in the whole than three millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deetned a part of the second payment to be ?iade by him towards raising the said sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas it is not intended to raise any such further loan above the said loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be raised by virtue of this act, whereby there will remain an excess of one hundred and eighty-eight thousand pounds, above the deposit of ten pounds per centum on the said loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds: and whereas it is expedient that the said sum of

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 60. 253

one hundred and eighty-eight thousand pounds shall he repaid to such contributors $ be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- As the whole ful for the said cashier or cashiers, out of the monies that shall be advanced and paid towards the said sum of fourteen millions excess of con-five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and tributions to twenty thousand pounds, on or before the twenty-sixth day of be paid out of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on account instalments of the instalments to become due on that day, to repay to the^ ay 2

several contributors the said excess of one hundred and eighty- 1797* eight thousand pounds, in the like proportions as the same shall have been advanced and paid by the said contributors respectively; which payments shall be allowed in the accounts of the said cashier or cashiers.

CAP. LX.

An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

[May 25, 1797.]

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, passed in the thirty-

[Preamble.]

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 34 Geo. 3. c. act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on inden- recited, tures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts rn England therein mentioned; it is enabled, That, within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and in every other part of England and Wales, from and after the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be ra fed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of every contract in writing made after the said fifth and tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four reJ'peSlively, whereby any person fail become bound to serve as a clerk, in order to his admission as a jolkiior or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the said act mentioned, in pursuance of the laivs then in force for the better regulation of solicitors and attornies, divers rates and duties in the said act mentioned, and the indentures or other writings containing such contra51, duly fiamped according to the directions of the said act, are required to be enrolled or registered with the proter officer to be appointed for that purpose by the court wherein such person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a solicitor or attorney by virtue of the service under such contrast, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of such contrast by such clerk; and in case such indenture or other writing fall net be Jo enrolled or regifered within six months next after ih: execution thereof, together with such affidavit of the time of execution of such contrast, then, and in such case, the j'ervice of such clerk under such indenture or writing, fall be deemed to commence from the time of such enrolment or regifry only, and not from the execution of such indenture or writing; and whereas the said act did not receive the royal assent

254 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1796.

until the twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and several persons ivere bound by indentures and writings made after the said fifth and tenth days of February r espectively^ and before the said twenty-eighth day of March, and which indentures and writings are charged with and liable to the said duties imposed by the said at7, and no provfion is therein made for the payment of the same, or for the enrolment or registry of such indentures and writings reffectively: and whereas it is reasonable that some provfion should be made for that purpose; therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con°-sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this Indentures present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, jmcfioth^cb* any an^ eve, 7 such indenture and writing, made after the

1794, and be- so'd fifth and tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred tore March 28, and ninety-four respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth 1794, whereon day of March in the same year, whereon any such duty is by the any duty^be said act: required to be paid, shall and may, on payment of the pauTby^the re. duty thereby required, on or before the first day of August one cited ad, thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be damped with the may, on pay- proper (lamp in that behalf; and the commissioners for the time betnS appointed to manage the duties on damped parchment, Jy 1797, be*PaPelb a°h vellum, are hereby authorised and required to cause stampt. the same to be damped accordingly.

Indentures so

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That stampt, may every such indenture and writing shall and may, at any time within two calendar months next after the same shall be so damped by virtue of this act, be enrolled and registered by the proper officer of the court for that purpose, together with an affidavit of the time of the clue execution of such contract, in manner di-reded by the said act; and such officer of the said courts is hereby required and authorised to enroll and register the same accordingly; and the service of every such clerk shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the clue execution of such indenture and writing; the said act or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas several persons who were bound as clerks to attornies by such indentures and writings as aforesaid made after the said fifth and tenth days of February respectively, and before the said twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, have since procured the said articles to be stamped vuith the jiamp required by the said act to denote the payment of the said duties, and other such persons have been again bound by indentures and writings duly stamped according to the said act; and it is reasonable that form relief should be given to such clerks in respect to the time when their service shall be deemed to commence, therefore, be it enacted by of t^ie authority ^hresaid. That in every such case where the said

be deemed To duty fias> since passing of the said act, been already duly paid, have com- and such indenture or writing has been already duly stamped, or menced. where such clerk has been again bound by any indenture or writing duly stamped according to the said act, that then and in every such case the service of such clerk shall hp deemed and taken to

have

D" enrolled within two months.

255

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 61.

have commenced at the time of the execution of such first indenture or writing, and agreeable to the terms thereof, provided the same has been already, or shall be in the time and in manner herein-before mentioned, enrolled and registered, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution thereof; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An act to revive, amend., and continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

[May 25, 1797.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the present session of parlia-

[Preamble.]

merit, intituled An act to suspend, for a limited time, the 37 Geo. 3. c* operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of 3Z> recited, the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it teas by the said at7, amongst other things, enacted, That if any person, liable to the payment of any of such notes, draughts, or undertakings, writings as may be issued in pursuance of the said act, should neglect or fail to make full payment, in money,

or yh//75 for which such notes, draughts, or undertakings,

/Vz writing, should be respectively given or issued, or much thereof as should be or remain due thereon respectively, the space of three

days after demand thereof made by the holder or holders of such notes, draughts, undertakings, writing; #; z^ z/z case the

amount of the money due, should be levied on the goods and

chattels of the person liable to pay the same, in manner by the said act prescribed: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be revived, altered, continued, tf/zzf that the said term of three

days, therein mentioned., should be extended to seven days', be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act shall be, and the same is Recited act hereby revived..revived.

II. And it is further enacted, That the find act shall be in Term allowed force from the first day of this instant May; and that the term f°.r payment allowed for payment of any note, draught, or undertaking, to beVven? writing, therein mentioned, shall be seven days; till the expira-days.

tion of which time no warrant of distress shall be issued under the authority of the said act, so revived and amended as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said act so amended Continuance shall have continuance until the eighth day of July one thousand of

seven hundred and ninety-seven,

256

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III.-c. 62. [1796.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered> varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

CAP. LXII.

An act to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an at7, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

[May 25, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the present session of parlia-

3? Geo. 3. V y merit, intituled An act to allow the banks, and certain

c. 40, recited, banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for final] sums of money in that part of the united kingdom; it was enacted, That, from and after the pa fling of the same, it should be lawful to and for the bank of Scotland, the royal bank ^Scotland, the British linen company, and all other banks or banking companies in Scotland, who, on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, had exercisecl the business of banking, or keeping any bank for receipt of money, and had issued notes under the firm of such bank in the nature of bank notes, (but to and for no other person or persons, company or companies whatsoever), to issue notes, bills, or tickets in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any [urn whatever underjhe fern of twenty /loillings sterling, in the same zuay that the said banks and banking companies have heretofore been used to issue notes for twenty shillings and upwards jince the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and it was further enacted, That the said act should continue in force until the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the said act for a further time, and to amend the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Recited act and by the authority of the same, That the said herein-before re-revived, cited act passed in the present session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and continued

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said act so till Aug. j5, revived shall continue and be in force from and after the time 1797* thereby limited, until the fifteenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety*seven, and no longer.

The Carron

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing company may Of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the Carron company to i true notes, not€S bills, or tickets in the nature of banknotes, payable

navable 7 1

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63^ 257

to the bearer on demand, for any sum whatever under twenty bearer on de-shillings sterling, in the same manner 2s the banks and banking raand under companies mentioned in the said recited acct are authorised to

Blue any notes, bills, or tickets.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be enlarged, Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any a c1 or acts to be made in this altc, rcd or re" present session of parliament. SI

CAP. LXIII.

An act for granting to foreign flips put under his Majesty's protections the privileges of prize flips, under certain regulations and re-frictions; and for allowing aliens in foreign colonies fur rendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors.

[May 25, 1797.]

WHEREAS, in consequence of articles of capitulation, whereby

[Preamble.]

certain foreign colonies or settlement s, or parts thereof have been or may hereafter be surrendered to his Mojefy during the present zuar, certain foreign flips and vessels may have been put or may be put under his Majestys protection: and whereas the said flips and vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful prizes in any court of admiralty, cannot by the laws now in force be regifered as prize ships, and be entitled to the privileges and advantages of such flips: and whereas it is just and expedient that flips or vessels which shall have been or may be so put under his Majesty's protection, should be admitted in like manner as prize j.hips to the privileges and advantages of British flips or vessels, under certain regulations and restric-times; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent ma-jedv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That all foreign ships and vef- Foreign flups fels which, in consequence of any such capitulation, shall have been or maybe so put under his Majesty's protection, at the time te<Aion to be of or in consequence of the surrender of any foreign colony or registered as settlement, or part of any foreign colony or settlement, to his prize ships; Majesty, shall and may be registered in like manner as ships taken^riv£ $nd condemned as lawful prizes may, by the laws now in force, ieo-es of British be registered, and shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the velleis, under privileges and advantages of British ships or vessels, under the certain regu-regulations and restrictions herein after mentioned: providedatl0ns* always, That no such ship or veil'd shall be so registered but upon producing a certificate under the hand and seal of the person who commanded in chief by sea or by land at the time when such foreign colony or settlement, or part of foreign colony or settlement, was surrendered to his Majesty; or in case of the death or departure of any such officer before such certificate shall have been so given, then, upon a like certificate under the hand and seal of the person who shall command in chief by sea or by land at such colony or settlement, or pprt of such colony or settlement, testifying that such ship or vessel was put under the protection of his Majesty at the time of or in consequen.ce of such surrender,

Vol. XLL S and

2.5S Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1796.

and upon oath being made and subscribed before the person or persons authorised to make such registry, and grant such certificate of registry respectively (which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer), by the owner of such ship or vessel, if such ship or vessel is owned by or belongs to one person only, or in case there shall be two joint owners, then by both of such joint owners, if both shall be resident within twenty miles of the port or place where such register is required; or by one of such owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater distance from such port or place; or if the number of such owners or proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of such owners or proprietors, if the greater number of*them shall be resident within twenty miles of such pore or place as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding three of such owners or proprietors, or by one of such owners, if all shall be resident at a greater distance, declaring in the form and manner herein after directed, that such ship or vessel is wholly owned by natural-born British subjects, or by aliens that have been naturalized or made denizens, or by persons who have become British subjects by virtue of some capitulation or conquest, as aforesaid, and have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, in consequence of such capitulation or conquest, or by any or either of the before-mentioned descriptions of persons, and none other: Whereregiftry provided also, That such registry shall not be made, nor certificate of such vessels of such registry be granted, for any ship or vessel that has been aS 0 e ma e* or may be so put under his Majesty's protection at the Cape of Good Hope, or places adjoining thereto, but at the port of the Cape Tozun; nor for any ship or vessel that has been or may be so'put under his Majesty's protection in any part of the island of

Ceylon, or of the parts to the eastward of the island of Ceylon, but in the port of Columbo in the island of Ceylon; nor for any ship or vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's protection in any part of the coast of Malahar, but in the port of Cochin; nor for any ship or vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's protection in the island of Trinidad in the West Indies, but in the port of Scarborough in the island of Tobago; nor for any ship or vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's protection in the settlement of Demerary on the continent of South America, but in the port of Scarboroughin the island of Tobago; and that the said ports of Cape Town, Columbo, and Cochin, and the said port of Scarborough, shall respectively, for the purpose of such registry, be deemed and taken to be the ports to which such ship or vessel belongs, takenthe H* And be it further enacted, That the oath before directed to following be taken shall be in the form and manner following:

form. cc T A.B. of [place of residerice and occupation] do make oath,

That the ship or vessel [name] of [port, or place] whereof [masters name] is at present master, being [kind of built, burtheny &c. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer] was [when and where builty or if prizey capture, and condemnation, or if

put

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 630 2

put under his Majesty's protections when and where]; and that I the said A.B. [and the other owners' names and occupations (if any), and where they reffectively reside, videlicet, Town, place, or parish, county, <?r if member of and resident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house of trade, <?r copartnershipy actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such factory, foreign towny or city; and the names of such house or copartnership] am [or are] foie owner [^owners] of the said veil el; and that no other person or persons whatever have or hath any right, title, interest, /Bare, or property therein, or thereto; and that I the said A.B. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a subject [tfrsubjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign state whatever,

[except under the terms of forne capitulations describing the particulars thereof] or that since my taking [or his, or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign fates respectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the fame]y and prior to the passing of an act in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act for the further encrease and encouragement of flipping and navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject or subjects] of Great Britain, [either by his Majesty's letters patent, as a denizen or denizens) or naturalized by act of parliaments as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the act or acts of parliament for naturalization respectively]; or [as the case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen or denizens, or naturalized subject or subjects, as the case may be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty's letters patent, or by an a<£l of parliament, parted since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or qCIs of naturalization have passed respectively], or that 1 A.B. and the other owners, if any, having become British subject or subjects by virtue of a capitulation or conquest [describing the particulars thereof as to places fate, and partiesf] have [or he or they hath or have] taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King of Great Britain, [describing the times vjheny the place zvherCy and before whom taken]y in consequence of such capitulation; and that no foreigner, diredfly or indirectly, hath any share, or part, or interest, in the said ship pr vessel.5>*.,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Such verts Is such ship or vessel, being registered, and having a certificate registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as British ships are now, prize or may hereafter be required by law to be navigated, to import and expprt to and frqin an^ place or places whatsoever, such goods and merchandizes' respectively, and none other, as may be imported and exported by any ship or vessel taken and condemned as lawful prizes; such importations and exportations to be made in like manner, and under and subject to the like duties, condi-

s 2 tions,

tain.

i2 Car. 2 c,

260 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1796.

tions, regulations, and restrictions, and subj, eft to the like penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as if the same were made by any ship or veil'd taken and condemned as lawful prize: provided always, That such ships and vessels so put under his Majesty's protection, shall not be allowed to import or export any goods whatsoever to or from any port in Europe not in the possession of his Majesty.

His Majesty

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be may authorise lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy bTre^ftered.to counci^ at any ^me on arrival of any such ship or vessel in as prize ships any Port of Great Britain, upon application to him made, and in Great Bri- upon consideration of such circumstances as shall satisfy his Majesty of the expediency thereof, to authorise any such ship or vessel (without payment of any duty whatever for the said ship or vessel, or the fails and other necessary tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof), to be registered, and to have a certificate thereof, as in the case of a prize ship, in any port in the kingdom of Great Britain; and such ship or vessel so registered shall, in such case^ be entitled to all the privileges and advantages which belong, by law, to ships taken and condemned as lawful prize.

V. And whereas, by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secondr, intituled An act for the encouraging, recited. ancj (ncreasing of shipping and navigation, it is enabled, float no alien^, or person not born within the allegiance of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, or naturalized a?id made a free denizen, shall exercise the trade or occupation of a merchant or faffor in any lands, isands, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging, or in his possefion, or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the forfeiture and loss of all his goods and Aliens reftding chattels, or which are in his possefion; be it enacted, That every surrendered to Per^011' though an a!ien born, and neither naturalized nor made his Majesty, a ^ree ^en^zeib who shall reside in any island or place which has may act as'surrendered, or which shall hereafter surrender, to his Majesty, merchants or and be in his Majesty's possession, and who shall have taken the factors. oath Of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, according to the

terms of the capitulation under which such island or place shall have surrendered, shall be, and shall from the time of such surrender be deemed to have been, entitled to exercise the trade or occupation of a merchant or factor in any such island or place, during so long time as the same shall remain and be in the pof-section or under the protection of his Majesty, his heirs or successors; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; subject, nevertheless, to such laws and regulations as his Majesty's subjects shall and may be liable to in the same islands and places.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the rights or privileges belonging to, and veiled in, the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by any charter,

aft

Act not to abridge the rights of the East India company.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 64, 65. 261

act of parliament, or otherwise whatsoever, respecting persons resident in, or carrying on, or being concerned in any trade to, from, or in any place or places within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company; but all persons resident, and all trade to be carried on within the said limits, under the authority of the said capitulations, or of this act, shall be subject unto all and every the prohibitions, restrictions, regulations, licences, duties, and conditions, in all respects as the residence and trade of any British subject is now liable to by law, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things which any British subject, and the goods, merchandize, and trade of any British subject, would be subject and liable to by lav/ for doing any thing in violation of the rights and privileges of the said united company; any thing her.ein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Governors of That it shall and may be lawful for the respective governors or lieutenant governors, or officers commanding in chief, of the ad^fnifter^ Cape of Good Hope, of the island of Ceylon, and of Cochin on the oaths, grant coast of Malahar, or of the island of Trinadad in the West Indies, certificates of or of the feltlement of Demerary on the continent of South Ame-

rica^ to administer the oaths, grant the certificates, and do all 26 Geo. 3. and every other matters and things in and about the registering c. 6o. of the said ships, which, under the authority of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation^ may be done by the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and principal officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue of customs, in any of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, respecting the registering of ships there; and the said governors or lieutenant governors, or officers commanding in chief at such places respectively, shall appoint such officers under them as they shall think proper, for Purveying the ships to be registered, and for doing all other things relating thereto, which, in and by the said act, is to be done by certain officers of the customs therein mentioned.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[May 25, 1797.]

CAP. LXV.

An act for empowering the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at their general or quarter sessions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the said county.

[May 25, 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that poiver and authority Should^mhie.

be given to the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, in their general or quarter fejfwis assembled, to make a fair and equal

s 3 county

Justices empowered to make an equal county rate, according to the annual rent or value of estates in each pari ill.

Churchwardens and overseers to make a return, upon oath, of amount of the rental of estates in each pari Hi, within a certain time.

The like return upon o?tth to be made annually to the Michaelmas It Hi on s.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1796.

county rate, and for that purpose to ajfefs and tax rateably and in equal

proportions, according to the annual rent or value of estates, within all and every the parishes, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, and places, within the said county, for and towards the same: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, in their general or quarter Tedious assembled, shall have full power and authority, and they are hereby required from time to time to a fiefs and tax all and every parish, 'town, liberty, precindf, village, hamlet, and place, within the said county, rateably and in equal proportions, according to the annual rent or value of estates within such parish, town, liberty, precinct, village, hamlet, and place respectively.

II. And, in order the better to enable the said justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, to ajfefs and tax rateably and in equal proportions, all and every such parishes, towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, and places, be it further enacted, That at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be golden in and for the said county of Middlesexafter the passing of this act, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said several parishes, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, and places, shall, and they are hereby required, within the two lirst days of such next sections, to make a return in writing to the said justices in sections assembled, which return shall be verified upon oath in open court at the time of delivering in the same, of the total amount of the rental or value of the estates within the parish, town, liberty, precinct, village, hamlet, or place, to which they shall respectively belong, charged or assessed to the poors rate of and in the said parish, town, liberty, precinct, village, hamlet, or place, at the time of making such return; and where the proportionable mode of rating is iefs than the real rent or value, the same shall be stated and pointed out in writing upon such return, and verified as aforesaid, in order that the said justices may be enabled to discover the real amount of the rental or value of the estates within the said several parishes, towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, or places.

III. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens and overseers of the ppor of all and every parish, town, liberty, precinct, village, hamlet, or place within the said county, or some or one of them, shall yearly and every year, from and after the passing of this a cl, within th.e two first days of the Michaelmas quarter sessions to be holden in and for the said county, make a return to the justices of the peace then and there assembled, of the total amount of the rental or value of estates within the said parish, town, liberty, precinct, village, hamlet, or place, at the time of making the Jaft preceding rate for the relief of the poor, and also shall, when the proportionable mode of rating is less than the real rent or value, state and point out the same in writing

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65, 263

ing upon such return; and shall ve rify every such return upon oath in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said church- Penalty for wardens and overseers of the poor of any of the several parishes, neg^e(* towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, or places within the said county, shall neglect or make default in making such several returns, so verified as aforesaid, at the next sessions of the peace after the passing of this act, or in making such annual return at the Michaelmas quarter sessions, as herein-before directed, that each and every such churchwarden and overseer of the poor shall forfeit and pay such sum and sums of money, not exceeding one hundred pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said justices in their general or quarter sessions assembled, by way of penalty for such neglect or default; and in case any such Penalty to be penalty is not paid, the said justices. in such section aft'embled, may issue their warrant to the high constable of the division ft^ies, in like where such parish, town, liberty, precintft, village, hamlet, or manner as place shall be situate, directing him to levy such penalty upon county rates the respective goods and chattels of each and every churchwarden are hvied. and overseer of the poor of the parish, town, liberty, precincft, village, hamlet, or place, so neglecting or making default, in like manner, and with such powers and authorities as the said high constable is by a statute, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, the Second, intituled,

An act for the more easy ajfejfng, collecting, and levying county rates, veiled with for levying on the churchwardens and overseers of the poor the sum aifefted for the county rate.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the said churchwardens In cases and overseers of the poor shall so make default in making such where re-return as aforesaid, to the said Michaelmas quarter sessions annually, j^edTo be^- or if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of a made, justices penalty or penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such neg- empowered to lect or default, a return as aforesaid for any parish, town, liberty, make a rate, precincft, village, hamlet, or place, shall not be made within the

time before limited for the making thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said quarter sessions, or at some subsequent general or quarter sessions to be held for the said county, to rate and assess each and every the parish, town, liberty, precincft, hamlet, or place, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of which shall so neglect to make default as aforesaid, for and towards the said county rate, according to such estimate of just and fair annual rent or value of the estates within such parish, town, liberty, precin<ft, village, hamlet, or place, or parishes, townships, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, or places respectively, as the said justices shall be able to procure by any other means than the returns which are by this act required to be made as aforesaid; and to order such allowance and compensation to be made to the constables and other ersons within the several districts and divisions in the said county, for their expences and trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the same, as to the said

s 4. justices

264 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1796.

justices shall appear reasonable and proper, and that all such allowances, compensations, and other expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, in their general or quarter sessions assembled, charged upon the parish, town, liberty, precinbl, hamlet, or place, the churchwardens and overseers of the* poor of which shall so neglect or make default as aforesaid, in addition to their proportion of the said county rate, and be collected and paid therewith.

Appeal a gain ft yj. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the church war- churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any of the said dens and over- parishes, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, or places, iec-rs of the within the said county, shall at anytime hereafter have reason Poor to believe that such parish, town, liberty, precinbl, village, hamlet,

or place, is over-rated by any rate to be made in pursuance of this act, such churchwardens and overseers of the poor may appeal to the justices of the peace for the said county, at their next general or general quarter sessions, against such part of the rate only as may affebl the parish or place in which they serve such offices, which justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give such appellants such relief as in their discretion shall appear fair, just, and equal: provided nevertheless, That upon such appeal, such rate shall not be quashed or destroyed in regard to any Other parishes or places assessed thereby; any thing in this act, or any lav/, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, That if any other person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any abt, matter, or thing to be done in pursuance of this abt, or the powers hereby given, that he, she, or they shall and may appeal to the said justices of the peace of the said county, at their next general or general quarter sessions to be holden next after any such cause of appeal shall arise; which justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, and to give such appellants such relief as in their discretion shall appear fair and just.

VIII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That all the powers and authorities in and by the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, and all other existing laws relating to the county rate, shall be and continue in full

General appeal.

Powers and authorities in abl 12 Geo. 2. continued, except where

altered by this force and effect, except where altered by this act.

act.

Expences of this act to be paid by treasurer out of CO-.: 'Uy rate.

fowance to uiiiatlcs,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of the said county of Middlesex shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required to pay and discharge the reasonable charges and expences occasioned by the procuring and pasting this ail, out of the first money belonging to the said county which shall be in his allowed by the fa'X. And be it

mds; such charges being first examined and id justices at their general or quarter sessions', further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the pence for the said county of Middlesex^in their general or quarter sessions assembled, to order such allowance and ct nipenfction to be made to the cpmlables and other persons

within

265

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

within such districts and divisions in the said county, where no rate is or shall be made for the relief of the poor, for their expences and trouble in collecting and levying the said county rate within such distridfs and divisions, as to the said justices final) appear reasonable and proper; and to charge such allowance and compensation upon such districts and divisions in addition to their proportion of the said county rate.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no action at law shall be brought or commenced, or any proceeding had againsi: any per- a b* son for any thing done by virtue of this act, until twenty-one days notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual place of abode of the person or persons againsi: whom such action or proceeding is intended to be had or brought, thereby setting forth the particular cause of such action or proceeding; or after tender of sufficient amends have been made to the party or parties aggrieved; or after six calendar months next after the fact or cause of such action shall have arisen; and every such action shall be laid and tried in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the lame fiball appear to have been so done, or if any such action shall be brought before the expiration of twenty-one days next after notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient tender of amends shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given againsi: the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofis of suit in any other case by law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any appeals, Expences of actions, suits, or proceedings at law, as betwixt parisLk and appeals^&c. parish, or betwixt any person or persons and any parish or parishes, charged^to, or any person or persons, respecting any thing done in pursuance or pud out of this act, or any other act or acts relating to the county rate, of, the court* the expences of all such appeals, actions, suits, or proceedings T r, ite*

at law, shall be borne and paid by such respective pltrilhes and persons, or such of them, and in such proportions, as the said justices upon any appeal in their general or quarter sessions shall award and order the same, or as such courts wherein such actions, suits, or proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to, or paid out of, the county rate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be ad- Publick a ft. judged, deemed, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be

2 judicially

266 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 66 — 69. [1796.

judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for revetting certain lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, in the former proprietors thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[May 25, 1797.]

CAP. LXVII.

An act to embank and drain the open and unerr.banked lands and grounds lying between The Daks Head Dyke and the river Witham, in the several townships or hamlets and parishes of Walcot, Tiruberland — Thorpe, Timberland. Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the county of Lincoln.

[May 25, 1797.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for charging the fen lands and low grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth dUlriccs, in the bounds and precincts of Whittkfey, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, with further taxes for discharging the debts incurred by the ccrnmissioners for the said di ft rifts respectively, under certain acts passed in the twenty-second year os King George the Second, and in the twelfth year of his present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving, the drainage of the said lands and grounds.

[May 25, 179;]

CAP. LXIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commisswners for the affairs of taxes.

[June 6, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjeefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humby beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the On every af- authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, a^ter AprilC an(^ Pa, c^ u°to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-1797, under* cessors, upon every assessment which shall have been made, or 24 Geo. 3. which shall be made, after the fifth day of April one thousand feflT. 2. c_38. seven hundred and ninety-seven, under and by virtue of any act anc3j 16 or a(^s of parliament herein after next mentioned; that is to and*124* in* say, An act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his respect of present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties duties under on sea^ anc[ foy granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; ment of the" and also several duties on inhabited heuses; and upon the importation of of cocoa nuts and coffee, and for repealing the inland duties, of excise

thereon;

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 69. 267

thereon; one other ac£t passed in the last session of parliament, in- for taxes, an

tit uled, An act for granting to his Majjly nevj duties on certain

horses not charged with duty by any other act or acts of parliament^ and percent* on

on mules; one other act passed in the same session of parliament, the amount

intituled An act for granting to his Majestyyfever al additional duties to be levied.

on horses kept for the purpose cf riding, or drawing certain carriages,

therein mentioned; and one other act passed in the same session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain

duties on dogs; for or in respect of the several rates and duties

thereby granted under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty after the rate of

ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the grots amount thereof

in such assessment.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon every assessment On every af-which shall have been, o-r which shall be made, after the fifth feflment made day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, underunder

' or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament herein after men- 24 Geo. 3. tioned; that is to say, under or by virtue of one ad, puffed in fess. a-, c. 3?. the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti- anc* 29 Geo. tuled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses kept respe^of11 for the purpose of riding, and on horses used in drawing certain car- duties on riages, in respect whereof any duty of ex eife is made payable; under or horses kept by virtue of one other ad, pasted in the twenty-ninth year of the ^or riding* or reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty carrTagf or* several additional rates and duties upon horses and carriages with four under the wheels; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty- acts of last fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages k^ore with two or three wheels therein mentioned, for or in respect of the f^rther^ddi* several rates and duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, tional duty of or for the purpose of drawing any carriage, in the said acts re- icl. percent, spectively mentioned; and under or by virtue of the said several on^e acts, passed in the last session of parliament, herein-before men- to ^ciarg tioned, for or in respect of the several rates and duties thereby respectively granted, a further additional rate or duty shall be charged after the rate of ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the gross amount thereof in such assessment.

III. And be it further enacted, That the of au- Commiftron-thorised or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed, to put in execution the several acts relative to the rates or duties JaxeS) to put under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of this act in taxes, or any of them, on the amount of which the several duties execution, after the rate of ten pounds centum, and the several further duties after the like rate of ten pounds per centum are hereby imposed,

shall be of for executing this present act; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors respectively, appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the said several acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and.collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said acts, or any of them; and the said of,

#nd other the persons aforesaid, duly qualified to aclin the execution

fore mentioned, to receive the duties hereby imposed.

268 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 69. [1796.

tion of the said several acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby imposed in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said acids before mentioned, or any of them, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

Receivers ge-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several receivers general appoint- neral appointed, or who shall be appointed, to receive the rates the^uhes^af anc^u^es to afield and collected under or by virtue of the felled under said acts before-mentioned, shall, without any new commission or the acts be- commissions to be had, obtained, or given, be receivers general of the said several rates or duties hereby imposed within their respective districts or collections, unless other receivers shall be appointed in pursuance of this act, within such districts cr collections respectively, (such receiver and receivers giving such security for duly answering the said duties as the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall require)- and the said receivers general being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several a<ts before-mentioned relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said several rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to act in the execution of the said former acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

Treasury may V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall

appoint: other be fawful for the lore]s of of his Majesty's treasury, receivers. j j -

or any three or more of them, for the time being, or the lord

high treasury for the time being, to appoint any person or persons other than the receiver or receivers of the said former rates and duties, to be the receiver or receivers of the rates and duties by this act imposed, within or for any county, riding, or division, as the said of or the high treasurer respectively shall think expedient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several rates or duties by this act imposed upon the amount of the several former rates &c. as former snd duties herein-before mentioned, shall and may be respectively duties* ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties on the amount of which the said rates or duties are by this ate imposed, or according to such special rules, methods, and directions, by which such of the former rates and duties upon the amount of which any of the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by this act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions, are expressly varied by this act, and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties,

Additional duties to be afcei tained,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 69* 269

forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any part of them now in force, (and not hereby other wise provided), for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional pates or duties by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this act, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

VII. And be it further enacted That, from and after the said Additional

fifth day of April one thousand feve'n hundred and ninety-seven, nT-

the said additional rates and duties hereby imposed, shall com-^1797, and mence from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven to be paid hundred and ntnety-seven, and shall be paid quarterly in each quarterly, year, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that

is to say), On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by even and equal portions, the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VIII. And whereas the several duties after the rate of ten pounds per centum, granted by an act passed in the thirty-first fear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten pounds per centum, granted by an at7, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

intituled An act for granting to his Majesty further additional 36<^eo- 3-c-duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the I4> reu e of for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned; and of ten pounds per centum, by this act granted, make together the firm of twenty pounds per centum on the amount of all the several rates and duties whereon the respective duties of ten pounds per centum are imposed; be it further enacted, That in a (Telling and charging Duties under the said respective duties, after the rate of ten pounds per centum recited acts,on the amount of the said former duties, it shall be lawful for the said respective of, inspectors, Purveyors, and af-ecfj

31 Geo. 3. c. and

feftors, of the said duties, to a fiefs and charge the sum of twenty &c. pounds per centum upon the amount of all the several rates and duties whereon the respective duties of ten pounds per centum are imposed by the said several acts, and this act, in one sum, and by; one assessment and charge, instead of distinct assessments and charges; and to certify and return the same upon such assessments to the respective of authorised to put the said acts in execution, at their respective meetings to be held for

returning

in one 1'uin,

270 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 70. [1796.

returning such assessments in all and every the respective counties, {hires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively; which said Turn and Turns To certified shall be added to the amount of the former aftefted rates and duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received, under the rules, regulations, and directions prescribed by the said former acts, subject nevertheless to such proportional increase or abatement in the amount thereof, as shall be necessary in case the said former rates or duties so assessed shall be encreased or diminished by any surcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom,

in pursuance of the said former a£is.

carried to the

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising consolidated by the said rates and duties (the necessary charges of raising and fund. accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be. carried to and made part of the consolidated fund,

he^ui^de X. Provic^e^ always, and be it further enacted, That the mo-frayinganyen- nies arising or to arise of the duties hereby granted, or so much created charge thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed art addition made by any loan to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge and for tm^n, occa^looe(^ by any loan to6be raised, or stock created, or so be years to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be palied, in this kept with session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the other duties space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt, dif-the^hme°mr- t, nctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; po^e^fepirate and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the au-trom other ditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book monies. or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account, whatever.

CAP. LXX.

An act for the letter prevention and punishment of atte?npts to /educe persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

[June 6, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

Any person who shall attempt to fe-

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil disposed persons, by the publication of written or printed papers, and by 1malicious and advised speaking, have of late industriously endeavoured to feduee persons Jewing in his Majesty's forces by sea and land from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to mutiny and disobedience: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, any person who shall maliciously and advisedly endeavour

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 71. 271

to seduce any person or persons serving in his Majesty's forces, duceanyfailor by Tea or land, from his or their duty and allegiance to his Ma- from his duty, jesty, or to incite or stir up any such person or persons to com- or incite him* mit any ad of mutiny, or to make or endeavour to make, any to mutiny, mutinous assembly, or to commit any traiterous or mutinous &c- to suffer practise whatsoever, shall, on being legally convicted of such of- death* fence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed against this act, whether committed on the high fe3S or within that part of Great Britain called"prosecut^d. England, shall and may be prosecuted and tried before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if the said offence had been therein committed.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted,

That any person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted fo/offences of any offence against this act, shall not be liable to be indicted, against this prosecuted, or tried again for the same offence or fad, as high act, not to be treason, or misprision of high treason; and that nothing in this tried again ad contained shall be construed to extend, to prevent any per- treason*5 fons guilty of any offence against this act, and who shall not be ov misprision tried for the same as an offence against this act, from being tried of high trea-for the same as high treason, or misprision of high treason, in f°n, &c. such manner as if this act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force until the expiration Couti nuance of one month after the commencement of the next iession of a<^ parliament, and no longer.

CAP. Lxxr.

An off for more effectually refraining intercourse with the crews of certain of his Majesty's ships now in a /late of mutiny and rebellion, and for the more effectual suppression of such mutiny and rebellion.

[June 6, 1797J

WHEREAS the crews of certain of his Majestys /yips, not-

[Preamble.]

withfanding the repeated marks of his Majesty's gracious

favour and condescension towards them, have perfijled, and do /ill

per//, in a rno/l dangerous and criminal mutiny, and in the commission

of divers aids of the mo/ heinous and treasonable nature, again/

the crown and dignity of our sovereign lord the King, and to the

manifef danger of the safety of this realm, engaged in war again/l

a foreign enemy: and whereas it is necessary that immediate pro-

vtfion should be made for the suppreffon and punishment of offences

of so high and dangerous a nature, and for deterring all others from being guilty of similar crimes in future: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same., That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral, The admi-

3 0 \ralty, by or.

or

272 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 71. [1796.

(\e.r of the or of for executing the office of lord high admiral, d^ma1 Cde-n" or t'lree or more of them, being thereto authorised by order clareufe crew Majesty in council, to declare the crew of any of his Ma-

of any ship jesty's ships who have been guilty of acts of mutiny and rebellion, to be in a _ and who still persist therein, and also the crew of any other of nv*anjfrTUt*" Majesty's ships who shall be guilty of any of the like offences, beilion, and to 111 a ^ate of niutiny and rebellion, and by such declaration thereby warn to warn all his Majesty's faithful subjeefcs to abstain from all comall subjects to munication or intercourse with the crews of the said ships; and

abstain from such declaration shall forthwith be publifiled in the London Ga-intprcouric*

with the crew. zettG anc* shall also (as soon as the same can conveniently be Such declara- done) be proclaimed in his Majesty's dock yards, tiontobepub-

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the date of such luhed in the publication in The London Gazette, it (half not be lawful for any Ga^ite, S, c. of j^jg Majesty's liege subjects, or others residing or being within After such this realm, to have any communication or intercourse, whether no person to personally or by letter, message, or other wise, with the crew of commuicate any ship so declared to be in a (hue of mutiny and rebellion, or with the crew, with any persons or person being part of such crew, or with any or assist them. person w]io shall remain on board the said ship, after the day on which such declaration shall have been fopublished in The London Gazette as aforesaid, or in any manner to supply, aid, comfort, or aftift the said crew, or any persons or person being part thereof, or any person so remaining on board the said ship.

III. And be it enacted, That any person who, after the date of such publication as aforesaid, shall wilfully and advisedly have any such communication or intercourse with such crew, or with

Persons communicating with such crew, or af-

sifting them, to any persons or person being part thereof, or with any person so suffer death. remaining on board any such ship as aforesaid, or in any manner supply, aid, comfort, or ajfift such crew, or any persons or person being part thereof, or any persons or person so remaining on board the said ship, shall, on conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the date of such publication as aforesaid, all wages and other allowances payable to the said crew, or any of them, shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable, and they shall respectively from thenceforth forfeit and lose all wages and other allowances, and all shares of prizes then due to them respecti-vely, and all benefits or advantages.to which they might otherwise be entitled from Greenwich hospital or the chest at Chatham, and all other benefits and all persons and advantages whatsoever, to which they might be otherwise remaining on entitled in consequence of their having served as seamen or marines on board any of his Majesty's {hips; and that all persons voluntarily remaining on board any of the said ships, after having had knowledge of such declaration, shall be adjudged guilty of piracy and felony* and shall suffer such pains of death and loss of lands, goods, and chattels, as any pirates or felons by virtue of an amade in the eleventh year of King William the Third,

From such publication, the crew shall forfeit all wages, allowances, prize money, See.;

board after knowledge of such declaration, to be adjudged guilty of piracy and felony.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 71. 273

intituled An aid for the more effectual suppr effort of piracy, or any other act, ought to suffer.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall be con- Act n^t to strued to extend to such communication or intercourse as may be commurdca-carried on with the said crews, or any persons remaining on tions with the board the said (Tups as aforesaid, by the lord high admiral, or the admiralty, of for executing the office of lord high admiral, or

any three or more of them, or by their order or authority, or by the order or authority of such persons or person, as may be authorised by them to grant permission or to give directions in that behalf.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ffialj The^admM be lawful for the lord high admiral, or of for exe- by his cuting the office of lord high admiral, or any three or more of Majesty, may them, in such manner as his Majesty shall authorise and require, accept the

to accept the submission of the crew of any ship which shall have been so declared to be in a hate of mutiny and rebellion, oroftie^any person or persons, part of such crew, or of any person or persons on board of any of such ships, or to declare any such person or persons to have returned to their duty, and thereupon to declare the persons or person whose submission shall be so accepted, or who shall be so declared to have returned to their duty, to be exempted and relieved from all or any of the penalties and forfeitures in this act contained, in such manner, and under such terms and restrictions as his Majesty shall think fit; and from and after such declaration, nothing in this add aontained shall extend to prevent any such ilitercourse or communication as aforesaid, with any persons or person to whom such declaration shall apply.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed againld this add, whether Whereof-committed on the high Teas or within that part of Great Britain fences may be called England, shall and may be prosecuted and tried before any Prosecuted. court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for any county in

that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if the said offence had been therein committed.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted,

That any person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted Persons tried of any offence against this act, shall not be liable to be indieted, ^in^this3 prosecuted, or tried again for the same offence or fact, as high not to be treason, or misprision of high treason; and that nothing in this tried again for act contained shall be construed to extend, to prevent any per- the lame, as fons guilty of any offence against this act, and who shall not be or^rnff^rlfion tried for the same as an offence against this act, from being tried Of hiuh trea-for the same as high treason, or misprision of high treason, in son, &c. such manner as if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it enacted, That this act shall be in force until Continuance

the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next 0 ac*session of parliament, and no longer,

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Act may be lawful to amend or alter this act, or any part thereof, during the altered duiing

f f rr* r v w the pi elent

present lemon or parliament. session

274 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1796.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

[June 6, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of

47 Geo. 3. c. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for re-13, and pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting

other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue 5 for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; among other things the importation of cambricks and lawns was allowed dir eft ly from France, or any of the European dominions of the French king) under certain regulations and restrictions, and on payment of certain duties, as set forth and described in table C. annexed to the said recked aft: and whereas among other things it is enacted by the said recited act, That all cambricks or French laivns, legally imported, fall and may be worn, used, or consumed in Great Britain, or fold or exposecl to sale therein, and fall not be Subject to seizure or forfeiture on account of such importation, nor fall the person or persons who fall import, wear, life, or consume the same, or who fall sell or expose to sale the same, or have the same in his, her, or their custody or possession, be liable to any penalty or penalties, fine or fines whatever, for wearing, using, consuming, fellings or exposing to jale the same: and whereas the importation of cambricks and French lawns was allowed by the said recited act, and the duty was charged, and such cambricks and French lawns were permitted to be worn, used, and con fumed, and to be sold or exposecl to'sale, in consequence of a treaty of navigation and commerce concluded between his Britannick Majesty and the French king, the operation of which treaty is now at an end; and it is therefore expedient that jo much of the said recited act as permits the importation of cambricks and breach lawns, on payment of duty, to be worn, used, or consumed, and to be sold, or exposed to sale in this kingdom, sould be repealed; and it is afo expedient, that so much of an act passed in 3+ Geo. 3. c. the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An 5°* recited. 3d for jepealing so much of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of h: s present Majesty, as directs, that no cambrick or lav\n shall he imported from Ireland until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by law; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands for a limited time; for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom 3 and for preventing the fraudulent

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 72, 275

relanding of tobacco ("hipped for exportation, <as permits or allows any cambricks or French lawns which floall have been imported and warehoused for exportation, to be delivered from the warehouse or warehotfes in which the same shall have been deposited, on payment of fuel? duty for the same as cambricks and French lawns are by the said recited act made fibjeSi and liable to, should in like manner be repealed; and that no cambrick or lawn whatever, other than of the manufacture of Ireland, should, during the continuance of this act, be permitted to be imported, except to be warehoused in this kingdom for exportation therefrom, according to the laws now in force: be it therefore enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited a£is, or So much of of any other act or acts of parliament, as permits or allows the r^, te^r any importation of cambricks or French lawns, other than to as permits the lodged in a warehouse according to law, in order to be again importation exported from thence, or the taking of any such cambricks and of cambricks lawns out of any warehouse or warehouses on payment of duty, or French to be worn, used, and consumed, or to be sold or expbfed so fo7cxporta-Pt sale in this kingdom, shall be, and the same is and are hereby tion/or the repealed; and that all penalties and forfeitures relating to the taking them importation, wearing, using, and consuming such. cambricks °ut and lawns, and to the felling or exposing the same to sale in this {some^on-kingdom, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be in full f'umption, re* force, in like manner as if the said recited acts, allowing such pealed, cambricks and lawns to be imported, and to be used, worn, and consumed, and to be sold or expefed to sale in this kingdom, Act not had not been made: provided always, That nothing in this act potation of contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit jrish cam- or prevent the importation into, this kingdom of cambricks or bricks or lawns of the manufacture of Ireland\ lawns.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all cambricks and lawns of the manufacture of Ire- From June t,

land, which, from and after the first day of fune one thousand 17 5 7

J # j cambricks

seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be imported or brought jawns after*

into this kingdom, shall, after the same have been entered at the entry at the

custom house, and before the same shall be discharged by the custom house*

officers, and delivered into the custody of the importer or his^0

agent, be marked, flam pec], or sealed in such manner, and with* L

such mark or stamp, or seal, and by such officer or officers, as

the of of his Majesty's cultoms in England, or any

four or more of them, for the time being, or the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being, shall respectively direct or appoint for that purpose.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per foils, having in his, her, or their custody or possession, in any part of this kingdom for sale, anyan?la\vns such cambricks or lawns so directed to be marked, fbmped, or for file, may sealed as aforesaid, or any other cambricks or French lawns, till Aug i,

T 2 shall, 1797, have

2/6 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1796.

e<Tat the^if"* on or before the first day of August one thousand seven

tom house Vn hUFldred an<^ nihety-seven, bring or cause such cambricks or proof of their ^\vns to be brought to the cuilom house for the port neared to having been the place where such cambricks and lawns shall be, and shallinPort' make proof on oath before the collector and comptroller, or*C'vc* ' other principal officer of the customs at such port (which oath such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer is and are hereby required to administer without fee or reward) that the said cambricks and lawns were lawfully imported^ and for such as are liable to the payment of duties, that the legal duties due and payable to his Majesty, were paid upon the importation of such cambricks and lawns, if the same were imported by him, her, or them, or that such cambricks or lawns was or were purchased by such person or persons (having possession thereof) in a legal fair way of trade, and that he, she, or they verily believe the legal duties due and payable to his Majesty have been duly paid for the same, mentioning the time when and the port where such cambricks and lawns were imported, or the time when and of whom such cambricks and lawns were purchased (as the case may be), and such cambricks and lawns shall be thereupon, without fee or reward, marked, stamped, or sealed, in such manner, and with such mark, (lamp, or seal, and by such officer or officers, as the said of of the customs iq England and Scotland respectively, shall direct and appoint for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in case any cambricks, or Irish or French lawns, shall be found in any (hop, warehouse, or other place whatsoever upon land, within this kingdom, not being in a warehouse wherein the same shall have been deposited according portatfon^and to ^awn orc^er to be again exported, and shall not be marked, not marked, to stamped, or sealed as herein is direted, the same shall be forfeited be forfeited, and loft, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same manner, and by the same rules and regulations as cambricks and French lawns clandestinely imported and run into this kingdom, may be prosecuted, recovered, and Commissioners disposed of by any law now in force: provided always, That if it d[rest knvns to ^a!l be found impracticable or inconvenient in any case to bring be marked in such cambricks or lawns to the custom house to be marked, anyplace. (camped, or sealed as herein directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said of of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, to authorise and diredft their officers to mark, fitamp, or seal such goods in such other place or places as they shall think fit, on all the regulations and restrictions of this act being fully complied with.

Penalty for V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That counterfeiting jf any person or persons shall at any time forge or counterfeit any mar s, c. niark, (lamp, or seal, to resemble any mark, stamp, or seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this at, or shall forge or counterfeit the impression of any such mark, (lamp, or

leal

After Aug. r, 17971 any cambricks or lawns found, except in a legal warehouse for ex-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 72. 277

seal upon any goods required by this a ft to be marked, stamped, or sealed, or ("hall fell, or expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any such cambricks or lawns with a counterfeit mark, stamp, or seal thereon, knowing* the same to be counterfeited, all and every such offender and offenders, and his, her, and their aiders, abettors, and assistants, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same,

and such offender and offenders shall also be adjudged to suffer one year's imprisonment.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That p^cMawns

all Cambricks and French lawns which have been or IT all be seized, to be seized and condemned, shall be sold and disposed of for exporta- fold for exportion only, under and subject to the several and respective rules, tation only.

regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures by the laws in

force on and immediately before the passing of the said recited act in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners

That it shall and may be lawful for the said of of his u^ Majesty's customs, to cause all cambricks and lawns which have seized at other been or may hereafter be seized and condemned at any other ports, to be port than the port of London, to be brought to and publickly fold in Lon-in the said port of London. OI)s

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no cambricks or French lawns, whether the same shall have been imported and warehoused for exportation, or shall have }awns to

been seized and condemned for any cause of forfeiture, shall be exported but

exported from, or entered for exportation at any other port than from London,

the port of London, or in any ship or vessel which shall not be of*

the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards. or UpWarde.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, Recovery and shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered by such ways, ^gCation

means, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may

be recovered by any law or laws of customs, or by any action of

debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be0J1

sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed

in pursuance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such action or prosecution shall be Commenced within the space of three months after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons shall and may

[General issue.]

plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter

in evidence for his and their defence, and that the lame was done

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1796.

in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall Treble costs. and may recover treble costs, and have the like rerpedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases

by law.

Act not to

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to extend to hinder or prevent, or be confirmed to extend to

cambricks or.., r, /.r.

French lawns hinder or prevent, the entry for home consumption of any cam-

' imported and bricks or French lawns which have been imported and warehoused,

warehoused by or may be imported by licence from the of^ of the

customs to be warehoused, on or before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and such

cambricks and French lawns shall be fishjedt and liable to all the

rules, regulations, refttidtions, penalties, and forfeitures of this act,

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no cambricks or French lawns which shall be imported (under licence) after the passing of this act shall be admitted to entry for home consumption, unless proof be first made, to the satisfaction

of the commissioners of the customs, that the importer or pro-

licence of the customs, before Sept. 1, 1797-

No such licence to be granted but on proof that the cambricks and french

lawns were ordered

before Pr'etor such cambricks and French lawns was actually and bona May i, 1797. side under contract for such cambricks and French lawns, or had given orders and directions for the supply thereof before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

Continuance of act.

[Preamble,

CAP. LXXIII.

An atifor preventing the desertion of ficamen from British merchant flips trading to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies.

[June 6, 1797.]

WHEREAS seamen and mariners, after entering into articles to serve on board British merchant flips, during the voyages from Great Britain to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies, and back to Great Britain, do frequently desert from such flips on their arrival at or in such colonies and plantations, on account of the exorbitant n'ages given ly majiers and commanders of other British merchant flips, by the run or gross, to fetimen and mariners, when in such colonies or plantations, to induce them to enter on board their J.'hips: and whereas such seamen and mariners, upon entering into articles for such voyages from Great Britain, usually receive large sums of money in advance, for the purpose of their outfit; and monthly allowances are frequently paid to their families, toiuards their support and maintenance, during the absence of such seamen and manners: and whereas such deferiions have been the means of depriving

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. 279

many merchant ships of a fujfcient number of seamen and mariners to

+navigate them back to Great Britain, and thereby occasioned great Losses to the merchants trading to the said colonies and plantations: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first From July i,

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, all and every seaman, mariner, and other person who shall desert, at any merchant

time during the voyage, either out or home, from any British.'? ships to or

merchant ship trading to or from the said colonies or plantations, from the Well:

shall, over and above all punishments, penalties, and forfeitures, f^'their

to which he is now by law subject, forfeit all the wages he-may wa, es<

have agreed for with, or be entitled to during the voyage from the'mailer or owner of the ship on board of which he shall enter,

immediately after such desertion.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every mailer or Matters hiring commander of any British merchant ship who shall, from and after seamen who the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- from another seven, hire or engage to serve on board his ship or vessel, any ship, to forfeit seaman, mariner, or other person who shall, to the knowledge of iool.

such mailer, have, deferred from any other ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no mailer or commander matter of any merchant ship or vessel which shall, from and after the first Great Britain day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fail or after July i, proceed from any port or place in Great Britain, shall hire or 1797, to hire engage, or cause or procure to be hiied or engaged, any seaman, fe^enJ! tlle mariner, or other person, at any port or place within his Majesty's m0^.o than^colonies or plantations in the West Indies, to serve on board any double wages, such merchant ship or vessel at or for greater or more wages or unless autho-hire for such service than according to the rate of double monthly ^y the wages, contracted for with the seamen, mariners, and other per- £overnorJ ^c# fons, hired or engaged to serve on board such ship or vessel at the

time of her then lait departure from Great Britain, being in the Time degree and station in which such seaman, mariner, or other person, shall be so hired or engaged at any such port or place as aforesaid, unless the.governor, chief magistrate, collector, or v comptroller of such port or place in the said colonies or plantations shall think that greater or more wages or hire than double the monthly wages aforesaid (Tiould or ought to be given to such seaman, mariner, or other person as aforesaid, and do and shall accordingly authorise or direct the same to be given by writing under his hand; that then and in such case the mailer or commander of such ship or vessel shall and may be at liberty to pay, and the seaman, mariner, or other person on board such ship or vessel to receive, such greater or higher wages as such governor, chief magistrate, collector, or comptroller, shall direct, as aforesaid; and that all contracts, bonds, bills, notes, and other (ecu- Contracts co

>ry to t! is

aft void, an

280 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1796.

psrlons enter- rities, promises, and undertakings, which shall be made, enteredint°5 or S*ven* contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, shall

jool

Every ship

for every ico tons burthen, &c.

be null and void to all intents and purposes; and that the master or commander of any such merchant ship or vessel, or other person or persons whomsoever, who shall mdke, enter into, or give, or cause or procure to be made, entered into, or given, any such contra^, bond, bill, note, or other security, promise, or undertaking, or who shall hire or engage, or cause or procure to be hired or engaged, any seaman, mariner, or other person, to enter on board any ship or vessel contrary to the intent and meaning of this acct, or who shall pay, or cause or procure to be paid or given, any greaier or more hire or wage--, or other gratuity or advantage whatsoever, to or for any seaman, mariner, or other person so hired or engaged at any such port or place within his Majesty's colonics or plantations in the West Indies as aforesaid, than is allowed or directed by this act, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every master and WdUn^icsC ma^er3 of any merchant ship or merchant {hips trading to his to hwe an ap- Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies, shall have prentice under on board his or their ship or ships, at the time of such ship or7 years old, ships clearing out from Great Britain, one apprentice, who shall be under the age of seventeen years, duly indented for three years, for every one hundred tons admeasurement of such ship or ships, and so in proportion for everyone hundred tons which such ship or Hops shall admeasure, according to the certificate of registry, and the indenture or indentures of every such apprentice shall be duly enrolled ar the custom house of the port from whence any such ship shall clear out, with the collector or comptroller, within Apprentices one month after the date or execution thereof; which laid ap, exempt from prentice and apprentices lira'll be, and is and are hereby exempt >r\hree 'ron' Irving in his Majesty's navy for the space of three years velrs."Penalty from the date of such indenture or indentures p and all and every owner or owners, or mailer and mailers neglecting to enroll the same as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum cf ten pounds, to be paid in.manner following; (that is to say). One moiety by the owner or owners of such ship or ships, and die other moiety by the mailer or mailers thereof, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned. Matters of such V. And be it further enacted, That all and every master and dups out and masters of such ship or ships shall, within ten days after their arr*va^ out at ar)Y P, rt cr ports in the said colonies or plantations, arrival^ lode- aRd also within ten days alter their arrival home at any port or ]iv-r lills con- ports in Great Britaindeliver, upon oath, to be made before the t.-lining certain collector or comptroller of such port or ports respectively, (who is

parthul.11 s, on hereby authorised to administer the same), a true and exaeffc lift: ptverity of 501..r ., n, -.n

and ceicnpnon or all and every the crew on ooard such mip or

ships at the time of iheir clearing out from any port or ports in Great Britain and also of the crew on board the same at the time of their arrival in any port or ports in ihe laid colonies or plantations,

of 10l. for not em oiling the m.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. 281

tions, and also a true and exact lift and description of all and every seaman, mariner, or other person who has or have deserted from such ship or ships, or who has or have died during the voyage; and also a true account of the wages due to each seaman, mariner, or other person so dying, at the time of his death, and all and every master and masters omitting, neglecting, or refuting so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and for which said lift and account so delivered, such collector or comptroller shall be entitled to demand and receive, on^ from the person so delivering the same, the fee of two shillings livery of lifts, and fixpen.ee, and no more; and it shall and may be lawful to which may be and for all and every master and masters of any ship or ships, or other person or persons, to inspect such lift and lifts, from time Pafmen 0 IS* to time, as he or they may think proper; for which inspection the said collector or comptroller shall be entitled to demand and receive from the person making the same, the sum of one shilling, and ho more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no seaman, mariner, or other person, who shall, at any port or board anyplace within his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the Weji vessel in the Indies, hire or engage himself to serve, or who shall in the said West Indies, colonies or plantations enter on board any- merchant ship or vessel V^ich failed which shall fail from Great Britain after the first day of July one after July thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be entitled to, nor 1797, to be shall he sue for, recover, or receive, any greater or more wages entitled to or hire, or other gratuity-or advantage whatsoever, on account of or for such his service, than such wages or hire as herein-before authorised. authorised or directed to be paid or received.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and Wagesofdead sums of money which shall be due for wages to any seaman, {^\he°rec^ver mariner, ' or other person hired or engaged on board any British of the 6d. duty-merchant ship for any voyage from any port or ports in Great for Greenwich Britain to any port or ports in the said colonies or plantations, hospital, on

and who* has or have died on board during the voyage, shall, PeD, a]ty -?1*

and double the

within three calendar months arter the arrival or such merchant ship in any port or ports in Great Britain, be paid to the receiver of the sixpenny duty for Greenwich hospital for the time being, to the use of the executor or executors, administrator or administrators, of the seaman, mariner, or other person so dying; and if any master of any such merchant ship shall neglect or refuse to pay over, or tender to the said receiver, all and every such sum and sums of money within the time herein-before limited, he -

shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the lum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the sum or sums of money so due to any seaman, mariner, or other person, for wages, as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Disposition of and every such sum and sums of money which shall not be lawfully demanded of the said receiver within the term of three years Gp t|ie )trejver after payment thereof to him in manner aforesaid, shall be for- in three years, feited, and shall go and be paid to the use of the feameu's hospital

of

282

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1796.

of the port to which such ship belongs; but in case there shall be no Teamen's hospital at the port to which such ship belongs, then to and for the use and benefit of the old and disabled seamen of the same port, and their families, to be distributed at the discretion of the magistrates for the county where such port shall be situate, or any two or more of them.

P°htion of JX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That P"na tlc3# the penalties and forfeitures given by this act shall be paid and applied in manner following; that is to say, One third part thereof for and towards the support of Greenwich hospital, one other third part thereof for and towards the support of the seamen's hospital at the port to which the ship or vessel in respect of which the forfeiture shall arise belongs but in case there shall be no Teamen's hospital at the port to which such ship or vessel belongs, then to and for the use and benefit of theold and disabled seamen of the same port, and their families, to be distributed at the discretion of the persons having the direction of the merchants seamen's fund at such port, or in case there shall be no such establishment there, by the magistrates or overseer of the poor of such port; and the other third part thereof to and for the person or Recovery of persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and that such pe-penaltjes. nalty shall be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or such of them as do not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, upon information, on the oath of one or more witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace in any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, who shall not reside more than ten miles from the place of abode of the person or persons complained of, which justice and justices is and are hereby authorised and required to issue out his or their warrant or warrants, to bring before him or them every person charged with any offence under this act; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect to pay such penalties or forfeitures as aforesaid, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to levy the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods, and in case no distress can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the city, town, or place, within the jurisdiction of such respective justice or justices, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, or until he or they shall pay the same.

Act not to ex- X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enadbeo, That nothing in producing cer- exten^, or he construed to extend, to any contract

tificates ofdif- or agreement which shall or may be made with any seaman, ma-charge. riner, or other person hired or engaged to serve on board any

merchant ship or vessel, at any port or place within his Majesty's 1 colonies or plantations in the West Indies, who shall, at the time of such hiring or engagement, produce and deliver to the master 1, and commander of such merchant ship or vessel a certificate,

under the hand of the master or commander of the ship or vessel on board of which such seaman, mariner, or other person had then la ft served, signed in the presence ot one or more witness or witnesse?, fulling their usual place or places of abode, thereby de-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73. 283

daring or certifying that such seaman, mariner, or other person,

had been duly discharged from the ship or veil'd on board of

which he had so last served 3 and which certificate the said master Masters to

or commander shall grant within three days next after application fi^sono*

made to him by such seaman, mariner, or other person, before a nalty ofaol

witness, or in default thereof shall forfeit and pay the sum of

twenty pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner

herein-before directed 3 nor to any contract or agreement to be Act not to ex-

made with any seaman, mariner, or other person hired or en- tend to fearritn

gaged to serve on board any merchant ship or veil'd, which nudity, See,

through neceifity, or on account of very hazardous service or

extraordinary duty, require such contract or agreement to be

made, and more wages or hire given, and of which necessity,

service, or extraordinary duty, proof shall be made on oath before

the chief magi (Irate or principal officer of any port or place, or before any justice or justices of the peace of the said colonies or

plantations 3 and provided also that such seaman, mariner, or

other person so hired or engaged to serve on board any ship or

vessel, so requiring such service, shall not have deserted from the

ship or vessel on board of which he had then last served 3 and

provided also, That no greater or higher wages or hire shall be

+given by any master or commander, or taken or received by any seaman, manner, or other person as aforesaid, except in cases of such necessity, very hazardous service, or extraordinary duty, as aforesaid, than after the rate of double the monthly wages, or the wages to be settled or directed by any governor, chief magistrate, collector, or comptroller, as herein-before directed to be paid or received as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That After July^> from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred to be'entered and ninety-seven, the articles to be entered into by and between into agreeable the matters, seamen, and mariners, of such merchant ship or to annexed ship?, shall be agreeable and to the purport and effect as men- (bhedule. tuned in the schedule hereto annexed, marked with the letter A.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE, to which this act refers.

A.

IT is hereby agreed between the master, seamen, and mariners, Ship. A of the ship v now bound for the port of and the master or commander of the said ship, That in consideration of the monthly or other wages against each respective seaman or mariner's name hereunto set, they severally shall and will perform the above-mentioned voyage 3 and the said master doth hereby agree with and hire the said teamen and mariners for the said voyage at such monthly wages, to be paid pursuant to the laws of Great Britain 3 and they the said seamen and

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 73, [1796.

mariners do hereby promise and oblige themselves to do their duty, and obey the lawful commands of their officers on board the said ship or boats thereunto belonging, as become good and faithful seamen and mariners', and at all places where the said ship shall put in or anchor during the said ship's voyage, to do their best endeavours for the preservation of the said ship and cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing their duty by day or night; nor shall go out of the said ship on board any other vessel, or be on shore under any pretence whatsoever, till the voyage is ended and the ship discharged of her cargo, without leave first obtained of the matter, captain, or commanding officer on board; and in default thereof they freely agree to be liable to the penalties mentioned in the act of parliament, made in the second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; and the act, made in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for preventing the defer t ion of seamen from British merchant/hips trading to his Majests colonies and plantations in the West Indies: and it is further agreed by the parties to these presents, That twenty-four hours absence without Jeave shall be deemed a total desertion, and render such seamen and mariners liable to the forfeitures and penalties contained in the acts above recited; that each and every lawful command which the said matter shall think necessary to issue for the effectual government of the said veiled, suppressing immorality and vice of all kinds, be strictly complied with, under the penalty of the person or persons disobeying, forfeiting his or their whole wages or hire, together with every thing belonging to him or them on board the said veil'd: and it is further agreed, That no officer or sea-than, or person belonging to the said ship, shall demand or be entitled to his wages, or any part thereof, until the arrival of the said ship at the above-mentioned port of discharge, and her cargo delivered, nor less than twenty days in case the seaman is not employed in the delivery: and it is hereby further agreed between the matter and officers of the said ship. That whatever apparel, furniture, and stores, each of them may receive into their charge, belonging to the said ship, shall be accounted for on her return; and in cale any thing shall be loft or damaged through their care-leiTness or insufficiency, it shall be made good by such officer or seaman by whose means it may happen to the matter and owner of the said ship: and whereas it is customary for the officers and seamen on the ship's return home in the liver, and during the time their cargoes are delivering, to go on shore each night to deep, greatly to the prejudice of such ship and freighters; be it further agreed by the said parties. That neither officer nor seaman shall, on any pretence whatsoever, be entitled to such indulgence, but shall do their duty by day in discharge of the cargo, and keep such watch by night as the matter or commander of the fai i ship shall think necessary, in order for the preservation of the above: and whereas it often happens that part of the cargo is embezzled after being delivered into lighters, and as such iofles

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 74.

are made good by the owners of the ships; be it therefore agreed by these presents, That whatever officer or seaman the mailer shall think proper to appoint, shall take charge of the cargo in the lighters, and go with the same to the lawful quay, and there deliver his charge to the ship's husband, or his representative, or fee the same safely weighed at the King's beam, and in consequence of their true fidelity, such officer or seaman shall be entitled to two shillings and sixpence each lighter, exclusive of their monthly pay; and should it so happen that lighters are detained a considerable time at the quay before they can be unloacted, such officer and seaman so appointed shall in that case be entitled to two shillings and sixpence for every twenty-four hours, exclusive of their said monthly pay; that each seaman and mariner who shall well and truly perform the above-mentioned voyage (provided always that there be no plunderage, embezzlement, or other unlawful acts committed on the said vessel's cargo or (lores) shall be entitled to their wages or hire that may become due to him, pursuant to this agreement; that for the due performance of each and every the above-mentioned articles and agreements, and acknowledgement of their being voluntary and without compulsion, or any other clandestine means being used, the said parties have hereto subscribed their names, the day and month set opposite to their respective names.

Place and time of entry. Men's names. Quality. Witness to each man's signing. Pay in the River. Wages per monthjor by the run for the voyage. Whole wages.

Whole. Half.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to enable the £a(l India co?npany to pay the expences of two regiments of infantry to be raised for the defence and protection of the house and warehouses of the said co?npany, and for such publick services as are mentioned in an Qt7, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

[June 6, 1797.]

286 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 74. [1796.

WHEREAS, by an act, made and passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing in the East India company, for a further term, the possession of the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for establi filing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it was, among/} other things, enabled) That during the continuance of the exclusive trade to the said company, the net proceeds of their sales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances arising by private trade, and all other prof ts of the said company in Great Britain, after providing for the pay-merit of bills of exchange already accepted by the said company as the same should become due, and for the current payments of other debtsi interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expence s, of the said company., (their bond debt always excepted9, should be applied and disposed of in the manner in the said all particularly mentioned: and whereas by an act?, made and passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his 34 Geo. 3. present Majjly, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining c. 31, recited, fych corpS or companies of men as should voluntarily enroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war; it was (amongst ether things) enabled, That any corps or companies of volunteers who then were, or should thereafter be formed, in any counties or towns in Great Britain, during the continuance of the present war, under officers having commission from his Majesty, or from the lieutenants of counties, or others who might be specially authorisedby his Majesty for that purpose, and who should at any time, on being called upon by special direction of his Majesty, in case of adiual invasion, or appearance of invasion, voluntarily march out of their respective counties or towns, or should voluntarily aJJ'emble within the same, to repel flub invasion, or who should voluntarily march, on being called upon in pur fiance of an order from his Majesty, or from the lord lieutenant or*fieriff of the county, to ad? within the county, or the adjacent counties,

for the JuppreJfion of riots or tumults, should in such cases be entitled to ' receive pay in such manner, and at such rates, as the officers and fol-

diers of his Majesefs regular forces did then receive, an d should, during the time of their being continue cl in such service, and jo receiving pay as above, be fuhjed? to military discipUnc, as the ref of his Majestf s regular and militia troops; provided that no officer or soldier of any volunteer coi ps should be liable to be tried or punishecl by any court martin?, at any time, unlej's such court martial should be composed entirely of officers serving in volunteer corps formed as aforesaid; such court martial to be oflembled by warrant under his Majestf s fgn manual, or by warrant from some general or other officer duly authorised to hold courts martial: and whereas the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies are deserous, at their own expence, to raise, form, and maintain, two regiments of infantry volunteers, under 11, r provisions of the said Lift recited act?, 'to be employed for the dfence

and

[Preamble.]

33 Geo. 3. c. 5z. and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 75: 287

and protection of their house and warehouses, and, subject thereto, upon such publick services as in the said la ft act are mentioned\ and such their desire having been submitted to his Majestfs royal confederation^ his Majesty hath approved thereof and hath been graciousey pleased to grant commissions to certain officers for the raiseng, trainings and commanding the said regiments; but, by reason of the appropriatio?2 of the revenues of the said united company to and for the purposes mentioned in the said recited act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, the said united company cannot pay the charges and expences of the said two regiments without the authority of parliament: wherefore your Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects, the said united company, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The East India the said united company, from time to time, to pay all and every the charges and expences of raising, training, and cloathing, the pences^f^two said two regiments, and also of their pay and allowances whilst regiments of upon duty and service, and to charge the same amongst the ordi- volunteers, nary outgoings, charges, and expences of the said united company,

previous to the application of the net proceeds mentioned in the said act, made in the thirty* third year of his Majesty's reign, to, for, and upon, the purposes in and by the same act directed; any thing in the same act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That r

the said two regiments shall, in the first place, be employed in ed< to be sub-such manner as by the court of directors of the said united com-jed to military pany shall be deemed necessary for the protection and defence of diicipline. the house of the said united company, commonly called The Ease

India House, and of the warehouses of the same company; and, subject thereto, shall be employed upon the services, and for the purposes upon and for which other volunteer corps may be called out and employed under and by virtue of the said recited act, made in the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, and during the time the said two regiments shall be employed in the defence and protection of the said united company's said house and warehouses, they shall be subject to military discipline in like manner as if they were employed in the services in the said last act mentioned.

[Publick act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to enable his Majesty to draw out and embody the militia

forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex. —

[June by 1797.]

288 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 76, 77. [1796.

WHEREAS the militia of this kingdom is now drawn out and embodied; may it therefore please your Majesty that it

[Preamble.]

His Majesty may, within iz months, embody the

37 Geo. 3. c. 2S-

Preamble, iz Annas, Itat. 1. c. 16, recited.

may be enacted -y and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his sign manual, at any' time within'twelve months from and after the passing of this adft. Tower Ham- to draw out and embody the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, lets militia. in the county of Middlesex, or such part thereof as his Majesty, in'his wisdom, frail judge necessary; the same to be subject to the restriiftions and regulations contained in an act passed in the present'section, intituled An act for the better raising and ordering the militia forces' of the Tower Hamlet's, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited time.

[June 6, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and several subsequent acts, a reward or recompence is allowed on the exportation from Great Britain, by ivay of merchandize, of sail cloth or canvas, fit for or made into fails: and whereas the legfia-ture of Ireland have excepted from the bounty on sail cloth and canvas of the manufacture of that country, such articles, when exported to Great Britain or the Isle of Man: and whereas it may be expedient that the reward or recompence granted on the exportation of sail cloth or canvas from Great Britain should not be allowed when such articles are exported to Ireland: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no reward or recompence whatever shallibe allowed or paid by virtue of the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, on the exportation- from Great Britain to the kingdom of Ireland, of any sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred ninety-eight, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for making the port of San Joses, in the if and of Trinidad a free port.

[June 6, 1797.]

From July 15, 1797, no bounty to be allowed on the exportation of British sail cloth or canvas to Ireland. Continuance of ai5U

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. c. 27.

WHEREAS by several acts, made in the twenty-seventhy thirtieth, thirty-firfy thirty-second, and thirty-third years of

i

if

the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 78, 2S9

the reign of his present Majesty, it is provided.\ that wool, cotton 3° Geo. 3. wool, indigo, chochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, logwood, c* fujlic, and all forts of zuood for dyers ufe3 hides, skins and lal-^.3 *. /W; heaver, and all forts of furs3 tortoise Jhell, hardwood, <?r .32 Geo. 3.

timber 3 mahogany and all other goods for cabinet ware 3 horses, o, 37* and

wa/W, <?7Z^ cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colo- 33 G*

nies or plantations /^America belonging to or under the dominion of*°* CC any foreign European fivereign 0* state 3 <7// builion,

diamonds or precious fones, imported from any of the said

colonies or plantations, into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the island of Jamaica 3 the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada; the port of Roseau in the island ^Dominica 3 the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands 3 and the port tf/'Saint John's in the ifla?id of Antigua, in any foreign Jloop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein prescribed, and, together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the said acts, may be exported from thence, under certain regulations and restrictions: and whereas it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enu- merated to be in like manner imported into the port of San Jofef in the island of Trinidad, and, together with such other goods and commodities to be in like manner exported from thence: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all the Certain goods goods and commodities herein-before enumerated and described, th^redted1 shall and maybe imported into the port of San Jofef in the acts may be island of Trinidad, in the like foreign ships and vessels, and, to- imported into, gether with such other goods and commodities mentioned in the exported said acts or any of them, be exported from thence to such part of ^San^ofcf1^ his Majesty's dominions to which the exportation of the same is in Trinidad* permitted by any of the said acts, under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, and fuhjed to the like penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the manner in the said acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for the better regulation and encouragement of pilots for the conducing of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

[June 6, 1797d

Act 6 Geo. 3. c. 61, repealed. Commissioners names. Commissioners to appoint a committee and a clerk. Committee to examine and grant licences to pilots. Pilots shall pay for their first licence 61. 6s. and afterwards 3l. 3s. and the licence to be in force for one year. Persons acting without a licence to forfeit aol. Pilots to receive for piloting any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's subjects into the port of Liverpool not less than 6s. nor more than 9s. for every foot of water such ship shall draw, and for piloting out of the said port not less than 3s. nor more than 5s. Vessels in the chaRing trade to pay half-price. Vessels not to pay for less than eight feet draught of water. For piloting alien ships into the port of Liverpool, noEless than 9s. nor more than 12s. every V\)L. XLL U foot,

29° Anno regni tricesimo fepumo GEORGII III. c. 79 — 82. [1796.

foot, and for piloting {hips out of the said port not less than 6s. nor more than 8s. every foot. Masters ofveffels inward bound, refuting to take pilots who offer, to be liable to full pilotage. Pilots leading the way 'many vef- -fel, to* be entitled to the pilotage. Reward for pilots assisting ships in distress to be settled by the committee. Pilots refuting to conduct ships or aftift ships in distress, to forfeit 10l. and lose their licence. Com pen -fation to be made to pilots for taking vessels out of port which have been forced back. Ships forced back after parting with the pilot and piloted out again from Hoylake to pay half price. Masters in the coasting trade in ballast or under one hundred tons may pilot their own vessels. Pilot attending a vessel to have 5s. a day. Penalty of 20l. on masters forcibly taking away pilots. Rewards to be paid to meritorious pilots. Pilots not to keep publick houses. Committee empowered to make bye laws.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth y$ar of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act more effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish* and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein; and also an act passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the said first mentioned act; and for enlarging the powers of the said acts, and altering the manner of rating to the poor of the said parish, and better effectuating other regulations relative thereto.

[June 6, 1797.]

CAP. LXXX.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such streets and other publick passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain piece of ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, spiniter, situate in the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex.

[June 6, 1797.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend Several branches of the canal from and out of their said navigation.

[June 6, 1797.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Got for allowing certain discounts to ths contributors of eighteen millions raised by annuities by an act of the present fejfwn of parliament, who shall have completed their contributions on or before the days therein mentioned — [June 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS by  an act, passed in the present fejfwn of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, the sum of eighteen millions was sub-Jcribed towards the fapply of the present year, to be advanced and paid in certain proportions on or before the days in the said a SI 'mentioned: and whereas the co?nmons of Great Britain, in parliament ofsembled, have resolved that certain discounts should be allowed to every contributor who flooulcl pay in the whole of his or her contribution money on or before the days herein after mentioned, for which no provision is made by the said aSi: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and

[Preamble.]

37 Geo. 3. c. 10.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 83. 291

'and temporal, and commons, in; t his present parliament aflem-

bled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor Persons who

who shall have paid in the whole of his or her contribution have paid the., r r r - \ 'it*/' it 1 whole or their

money towards the turn or eighteen miiiions raised by annuities by contributions

the said ail on or before the thirteenth day of January one thou- by Jan. 13,

fandseven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be allowed an interest 1797? to be

by" way of discount after the rate of three pounds per centum per a

annum on ninety pounds of every one hundred pounds so com- 9

pleted, to be computed from the said thirteenth day of January

to the thirty-first day of October next ensuing.

II. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who shall have paid in the whole of his or her contribution moneyVhole be-between the said thirteenth day of January one thousand seven tween jan. 13 hundred and ninety seven, and the seventeenth day of March and March 17, following, shall be allowed an interest by way of discount after 1797* the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on ten pounds of every one hundred pounds so completed, to be computed from the said seventeenth day of March to the thirty-first day of October next ensuing; and also an interest by way of discount after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on eighty pounds of every one hundred pounds so completed, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the said thirty-fifft day of October.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the present session of parliament, as prohibits the exportation and permits the importation, duty free, offever al forts of corn, and other articles made thereof —

[June 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the present session of parlia-

[Preamble.]

ment, intituled An act to continue for a limited time, and 37 Geo. 3. amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, c An c* recited, ail to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty and for permitting wheat, wheat flour, and meal, imported, in order to obtain the bounties granted by an act of the last session of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be used in the manufacture of starch, hair powder, and blue, or in the distillation of low wines and spirits: and whereas, since the puffing of the said act, the prices of several of the forts of corn therein mentioned have been considerably diminished: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the sixteenth day of June andfo much one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so much of the[^teTto said acts as relates to the importation and exportation, and the portation, excarrying coast wife, of barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, portation, and

u 2 or carryingcoaft-

292 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 84. [1796.

wife, of bar- or any meal, flour, bread, biscuit, or malt, made thereof, shall

ley &c. re- be, ancj the same \s hereby repealed.

No fash arti- Prov*lc^ec^ always, and be it further enacted, That no arti-

cles entered cles mentioned in this act, which shall be entered for exporta-for exportation before the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred tion before and ninety-eight, shall be entitled to any-bounty upon the e$c-entitledto98, portation thereof; any act, custom, or usage, to the contrary bounty. notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

12 Car. 2. iS.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or foreign vessels, from any place whatsoever, for a limited time.

[June 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, or any part thereof are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ifands of Guernsey and Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English-Zw/V/ shipping, or other shipping belonging to same of the aforesaid places, whereof the master and three-fourths of the mariners at leafi are English, and are not to be shipped and brought from any ether place or places, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports where the said goods and commodities can only, or are or usually have been first shipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty and forfeiture of the ship and goods, excepting in same particular cases provided by the said act: and whereas, by the said in part recited act, it is also enacted, That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or of any of the countries, dominions, or territories to the great duke or emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging, as also that no forts of mass, timber, or boards, no foreign salt, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp, or fax, raisins, figs, prunes, olive oil, no fort of corn or grain, sugar, pot a/hes, wines, vinegar, or spirits called Aqua Vitae, or brandy wine, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, but in finch os do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, or some of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the master and three-fourths of the mariners at leaf are English; and that no currants or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any of the countries, isands, dominions, or territories, to the Ottoman or Turkish empire belonging, shall be imported into any of the fore-mentioned places in any ship or vessel but which is of English built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign ships and vessels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, or manufacture r effectively, or of such port where the said goods

can

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 84. 293

can only be, or most usually are first shipped for transportation, and whereof the maser and threerfourths of the mariners at least are of the said country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of fioip and goods: and whereas several of the articles in the said act, and here-in-before particularly enumerated., being the growth or production of some of the places or countries within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, cannot be now imported directly from thence in British vessels, without great hazard of capture by the enemies, and much expence of insurance to the merchants trading to this kingdom; and it has been found necessary, during the continuance of hostilities between this kingdom and any of the poivers with which this kingdom is at present at war, by temporary laws which are now in force, to suspend in some degree the firift regulations prescribed by the said recited act; and it is further expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increase of the publick revenue to permit, for a limited time under certain re-Jlriftions, various articles of the growth, production, or mamfacture tf/'Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities which are enumerated in the before recited act, which are of the growth, pro-dust, or manufacture of places or countries within the Sfreights or Levant seas, to be imported into this kingdom in foreign vessels, although such goods are not shipped and brought directly from the place or country of their growth, production, or manufacture*, or from the ports or places from whence such goods are or usually have been first shipped for transportation: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Persons free of from and after the passing of this act, it (Trail and may be lawful the Turkey for any person or persons admitted into and made free of the company of merchants of England, trading into the Levant seas, jfave

commonly called or known by the name of The Turkey Company, been hereto-to import into Great Britain any goods or commodities which fore imported have heretofore usually been imported from Turkey^ or Egypt, or ^ro^n T from any place within the dominions of the grand leignior within Oiips built*in, the Levant seas, in any ship or veil'd built in or belonging to or belonging Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to law, or in any to Great Bri-ship or veil'd belonging to any kingdom or (fate in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign seamen, ^amity^with from any port or place whatsoever, upon payment of the same his Majesty. duties, if imported into Great Britain in British-built ships, as the like goods would be subject and liable to if imported in Bri- iifij ships directly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if such goods shall be imported in any foreign-built ship or vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall be subject to the duties which such goods would have been subject and liable to if this act had not been made; any thing in the said recited ad3 or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the entry to authority aforesaid, That no entry shall be suffered to pass at the pass at the

V 3 custom custom house

importer is free of the Turkey company, & c.

in the Sir eights or Levant of the grand seignior, or for

294 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 84. £1796, untilacerti- custom house for any such goods of the growth, production, or

duceVthntthe manu^a^ure> Turkey or Egyft^ or of any of the dominions of the grand seignior, as before the passing of this act might be imported only from such ports or places leas as are within the dominions

any drugs which would have been liable to the payment oi treble duties when not imported diredily from the place of their growth or production, and which, by the authority of this act, are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the person importing or entering the same shall produce to the collector or other proper officer of his Majesty's customs at the port of importation, a certificate under the band of the collector of the duties for the said 'Turkey company, certifying such person is free of the said company, and that he has paid the duties imposed on such goods by the said company, and has conformed, in all respects, to the rules and regulations of the said company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this adr, any goods or commodities which have been heretofore usually imported from

Goods heretofore import ed from any port

within the {freights of Gibraltar, except such as might be imported only from the dominions of the grand seignior, may be imported

of Europe any port or place in Europe within the freights of Gibraltar, except such goods or commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such ports or places as are within the dominions of the grand seignior, shall and may, during the continuance of this act, be imported and brought by any person or persons whatsoever into Great Britain, from any port or place whatsoever not being within the dominions of the grand seignior, in any ship or vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland^ navigated according to law, or in any ship or-vessel belonging to any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, from any place navigated with foreign seamen, upon payment of the same duties,

not being within those dominions, &rc.

Goods which have been warehoused, may be taken

if imported into Great Britain in British-built ships, as the like goods would be subject and liable to if imported diredily from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, except drugs, which, if imported by any person or persons not free of the Turkey company, shall be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to if not imported directly from the place of their growth and production, if this act had not been made; and if any such goods shall be imported in any foreign-built ship or vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall be subject to the duties which such goods would have been subject and liable to by law if this act had not been made; any thing in the said recited act, or any other ac! or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas certain goods and commodities as aforesaid, imported in the manner herein-before mentioned\ have been permitted by his Majesty in council to be landed and warehoused, subject to such duties and regulations as shall be imposed and made by parliament respefiing the same: be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to take all such goods and commodities out of any warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited,

upon

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 85. 295

upon payment of the like" duties, and subject to the same rules out under the and regulations, as such goods and commodities would have ^u^ons been liable unto, if they had been imported by virtue of this act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and remain in full force until of ^Jnuance three months after the conclusion of the present war.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to amend so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled:, An act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates, for their creditors benefit, as relates to the weekly films thereby directed to be paid to prisoners in execution for debt, in the cases therein mentioned.

[June 19,

1797.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the second year of the reign ^/'Preamble.

his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act % Geo. 2. for the relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their c. % % and persons, it was, among other things, enabled. That prisoners charged in execution for any debt or debts under the sum therein mentioned, who. should make an alignment of their estate and effects for the benefit of their creditors, in the manner therein specifed, should be entitled to be discharged, or to have an allowance, not exceeding the sum of two shillings and four-pence per week, to be made to them by such of their creditors charging them in execution, as should insist on their being detained in prison; which act ivas by several subsequent acts amended and continued until the first day of June one thatfand seven hundred and fifty- nine: and whereas, by an act, pafifed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the relief of debtors with respect to 32 Geo. 2. the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors who Cl recited shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates, for their creditors benefit; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, if any perfoti or persons should be charged in execution for any sum or sums of money not exceeding, in the whole, the sum of one hundred pounds, or on which execution or executions there should remain due a jum or Jams of money not amounting to above the said sum of one hundred pounds, and should be minded to deliver up to his or their-creditor or creditors, who should so charge him, her, or them, in execution, all his, her, or their estate and effects, for or towards the satisfaction of the debt or debts wherewith he, she, or they should fa ft and charged, it fjould and might be lawful to and for any such prisoner or prisoners to exhibit such petition to such court of law, and to carry on such proceedings thereon as in the said left mentioned act <.. U 4 are

i()6

From July 5> 3797, lb much of last recited act as relates to weekly allowances, repealed,

Prisoners entitled to such allowance, may apply to the court to have it encreased, <Scc»

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 85. [1796.

ore particularly specified and set forth; and that the fever a I requi-ftes contained- in the said act, having been complied with on the part of such prisoner or prisoners as therein mentioned, it should and might be lawful for such court, by rule or order thereof immediately to cause such prisoner or prisoners to be dfcharged, upon his, her, or their executing such alignment and conveyance of his, her, or their estate and effects in the manner therein mentioned, unless such creditor or creditors who should have charged any such prisoner or prisoners in execution, his, her, or their executors or administrators, should agree, by writing, in the manner therein mentioned, to pay and allow weekly a sum not exceeding two fillings and four-pence, as any such court should think ft, unto such prisoner, to be paid so long as any fitch prisoner should continue in prison, in execution at the suit of any such creditor or creditors, with such remedy, in case of any failure in the payment of such weekly sum, as in the said act is particularly mentioneel: and whereas it is also by the said act further enacted, that where more creditors than one should charge any prisoner or prisoners in execution, and JJmild define to have such prisoner or prisoners detained in prison, each and even such creditor and creditors should only respectively pay such weekly sum of money, not exceeding one shilling and fxpence a week, as therein mentioned: and whereas such allowance is now infuffcient for the purfrofe for which it was intended \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, so much of the said last recited add, as relates to the amount of the several and respective sums, not exceeding two shillings and four-pence, and one shilling and sixpence, to be paid and allowed as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every such prisoner and prisoners in execution for debt, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, who shall be, by virtue of any rule or order of any court, entitled to receive from any creditor* or creditors any sum not exceeding the said sum of two shillings and four-pence, to make an application by petition to the court in the prison whereof such prisoner or prisoners shall remain and be charged in custody, praying that such weekly allowance be ordered to be increased by virtue of this act; and that upon due notice being given to such creditor or creditors of such petition, it shall and may be lawful for such court to hear the matter thereof, and by rule or order of such court immediately to cause such prisoner or prisoners to be discharged, unless such creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or affigtis, doth or do insist upon such prisoner or prisoners being detained in prison, and shall agree in the manner mentioned in the said last mentioned act, with respect to the allowance not exceeding two shillings and four-pence per week, to pay and allow weekly a sum not exceeding -three shillings and sixpence* as any such court shall think fit,

unto

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 86, 87. 297

unto such prisoner, to be paid at and for such time or times, and under and subject to the like regulations as in the said act are expressed with respect to the said allowance not exceeding two shillings and four-pence per week.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any ^ee^r^c^' person or persons, charged in execution for debt at any time or discharge^ times from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven under last rehundred and ninety-seven, would have been entitled to be dif- cited ad if not charged under the provisions of the said act last mentioned, unless their creditor or creditors would agree as therein inen- may be dif-tioned to pay and allow a weekly sum not exceeding two shillings charged, un-and four-pence to such prisoner, as any such court as is therein less creditors mentioned should think fit, it shall and may be lawful for such aSree to PaY court, by rule or order thereof, immediately to cause the said cxcSdimr 3s prisoner or prisoners to be discharged, upon such prisoner or pri- weekly.*foners executing such alignment and conveyance of his or her estate and effects as is therein mentioned, unless the creditor or creditors doth or do infill upon such prisoner or prisoners being detained in prison, and shall agree, by writing signed in the manner in the said last mentioned act, to pay and allow weekly a sum not exceeding three shillings and sixpence, as any such court shall think fit, unto the said prisoner or prisoners, to be paid at such time and times, and in such manner, and upon the same terms and conditions, and under the same rules and regulations in every respe£f, as in and by the said act is provided with respect to the allowance thereby directed to be made.

IV\ Provided always, and be it enacted, That where more Whfre more creditors than one shall have already charged, or shall at any cree, !t<?-rl?tIian

r 1 rJ r-tm r oy One lfihft Oil 1

time or times hereafter, from and after the said fifth day of July debtor's de-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, charge, under tention, they and by virtue of the said last recited act, any person or persons are to in execution, and shall desire to have such prisoner or prisoners j^eed's detained in prison, each and every such creditor and creditors weekly.

shall respectively pay such weekly sum of money only, not exceeding two shillings, on every Monday in every wqck, to or for such prisoner or prisoners respectively, as the court before whom any such prisoner or prisoners shall be brought up to be discharged, under the powers, authorities, and directions, contained in the said last recited act, shall, at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, on such note for the payment of the weekly sum ordered to be paid, as in the said last recited act is required and provided being given, direct or appoint.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for amending an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the haven of Sandwich, in the same county.

[June 19, 1797.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

[June 19, 1797.]

Trustees

29S Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 88 — 90. [1796.

Trustees appointed. Trustees may appoint officers. Not less than five trustees to act. Power to improve Great Tower Hill, within the following limits; from the west end of Postern Row, by the outside of the foot pavement, northward to the south end of Cooper's Row, and from thence by the outside of the foot pavements to be made before the intended inclosure in the front of the Trinity House, to the entrance into Muscovey, and from thence by the outside of the foot pavement running southward by the end of Barking Alley, to the north east end of TowcPStreet, and from thence eastward in the line of the present: bar to Tower Ditch, and from thence by the side'of the said ditch to the west end of Poftcrn Row aforesaid. ldeferving the right of his Majesty and the city of London to Tower Hill. Trustees may contract for paving, &c. Rates not to exceed 2.S. 6d. in the pound- This act not to extend to the foot pavements in the front of the houses on Tower Hill. Trustees may borrow 2., 5ool. by annuities or at interest. Treasurer and collector to account.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An to alter, amend, and render more effcclual, an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Water-beach Level, in the county of Cambridge, and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor; and also to raise a further sum of money for the improvement and security of the said level.

[June 19^ 1797.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Isle of Ely and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river south, Plant Load and Brandon river north, bounded on the west by the river Oufc, and on the east by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands, so far as-relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district dt-feribed in the said act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited act.

[June 19, 1797.]

CAP. XC.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain.

[June 22, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or dock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90, 299

ment, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majestiy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common?, in this present parliament alle'mbled., and by the authority of the same, That there shall he raised, levied, cohered, and ttuMoi-paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britov?, upon every skin, lowing Ramp or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on duties to be which any of the several matters herein after mentioned shall, Paids from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed, printed or written, the respective stamp duties following; that is to say,

On admiffloti

Any entry, minute, or memorandum, of any admission into any corporation or company in the court hook, roll, or record, of fuel) company? corporation or company, the sum of four shillings: jnns Of cours.

Any admission into any of the inns of coure, or inns of chan- or inns of*eery, the sum of four pounds: chancery.

Any admission into any of the four inns of court, the further four inns of sum of four pounds and two shillings' over and above the said lad- of court, mentioned sum of four pounds:

Any admittance, or indrument for admitting, of any fellow of anAon acI" the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, ^jiowVf the proefor, notary, or other officer in any court whatsoever in Great college of Britain, (not being an annual officer in the court of any corpo- phylidans, or ration or inferior court, whose office is under the# value of ten or an, att0.r" pounds per annum in salary, fees, and perquisites), the lum of anyVo"ui*t11 eight pounds:

Any agreement for which the stamp duties of six shillings and Agreements, of one shilling are charged by two acts of the twenty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, the sum.of three shillings:

Any award, the sum of five shillings: Awards.

Any beneficial warrant or order under the sign manual of his Beneficial Majesty, his heirs or successors, the sum of twelve shillings and wailants> sixpence:

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order for the payment of money °J on demand, for which any da mp duty is charged by an act of 0*.

the thirty-fird year of the reign of his present Majesty, where the demand, sum expressed therein shall amount to forty shillings and shall not exceed five pounds and five shillings, the sum of one penny; and where such sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings and shall not exceed thirty pounds, the sum of two-pence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds and shall not exceed fifty pounds, the sum of thice-pence; and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds and shall not exceed one hundred pounds, the sum of four-pence; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of sixpence: Bills of ex-

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order, payable other wise than change, &c. on demand, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable

thereby, <jcmand.'

3°°

Bills of exchange exceeding iocl

Bills oflading. Bonds.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

thereby, shall amount to forty shillings and shall not exceed thirty pounds, the sum of two-pence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds and shall not exceed fifty pounds, the sum of three-pence; and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds and shall not exceed one hundred pounds, the sum of four-pepce; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of sixpence:

Any bill of exchange whatsoever, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, (Itall exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of eight-pence:

Any bill or note of lading which shall be signed for any goods or merchandizes to be exported, the sum of one shilling: Any bond given as a security for money, the amount whereof shall not exceed one hundred pounds, the sum of three shillings; where the amount shall exceed one hundred pounds and shall not amount to five hundred pounds, the sum of ten shillings; where the amount shall be of the value of five hundred pounds or upwards, the sum of fifteen shillings; where the amount shall be of the value of one thousand pounds or upwards, the further sum of ten shillings; where the amount shall be of the value of two thousand pounds or upwards, the further sum of one pound; where the amount shall be of the value of five thousand pounds or upwards, the further sum of two pounds:

Any bond not hereby otherwise charged, except bail bonds, and alignments thereof, and except bonds exempted from the duties on, stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by an act pa (led in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the relief of the coafi: trade of Great Britain, and for exempting certain coafi: documents from stamp duties; and also except bonds given by executors and administrators, where the estate to be administered shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; and bonds to be given by the widow of any common soldier or Teaman dying in his Majesty's set vice, on obtaining any probate of a will, or letters of administration of any estate, the sum of three shillings:

Any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any goods or merchandize from r* Great Britain, the sum of two shillings:

0 ationo, rc. ^ny co]]ation to be made by any archbishop, or other bishop, or any presentation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Great Britain, or which shall be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, the sum of six pounds:

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any court whatsoever, or by any custos rotulorum, or clerk of the

Bonds.

Certificate for drawbacks.

to benefices.

Deeds enrolled of record.

Copies of wills. Copies of deeds.

peace, the sum of ten shillings:

Any copy of any will, the sum of three-pence:

Any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy, of any indenture, lease, or other deed, or any part

thereof.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 301

thereof, for the security or use of any person, other than the person having or being entitled to the custody of such indenture, lease, or other deed, the sum of six shillings and eight-pence:

Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or bene- Dispensations. flees, or both a dignity and benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty, from the lord archishop of Canterbury, or the masterof the faculties for time being, the sum of ten pounds:

Any exemplification whatsoever that shall pass the seal of any Exemplifica-court, the sum of one pound: tions.

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Great Bri- Grants or let-tain, or the seal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancaster, or ters Pa^nt» or of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privi — tkfnsthereof lege, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or any exemplification of the same, the sum of eight pounds:

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any Grants parting sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, which shall pass^F g^at or the great seal, or privy seal (not directed to the great seal), the ea*sum of six pounds:

Any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other grant of Grants passing profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great^ggf the^ex seal, the seal of the exchequer, the seal of the duchy or county chequer, &c.- palatine of Lancaster, or privy seal, (not directed to the great seal), the sum of six pounds:

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above Grants of the value of one hundred pounds per annum, the sum of six pounds; °ce* which value shall be calculated on the amount of the salary, fees, and perquisites appertaining to such office or employment within the year:

Any indenture, lease, or other deed, not hereby otherwise Indentures,

charged, for which a (lamp duty of one shilling is payable by lea^es>

virtue of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (except indentures for binding parish or charity

children apprentices), the sum of three shillings:

Any institution or licence that shall pass the seal of any arch- Institutions or bishop or biflhop, chancellor or other ordinary, or any ecclesiasti-cences*

cal court whatsoever in England, or any writ or instrument for the like purpose, with any such institution or licence that shall be parted or made by any presbytery or other spiritual power in Scotland, the sum of fifteen shillings:

Any inventory or catalogue of any furniture, goods, or effedfs, Inventories

made with reference to any agreement, or for the security of any °fgoods> fur-r °, .5, r r^mture, &c.

person not hereby otherwise charged, the (urn or two millings

and sixpence:

Any letters of mart, the sum of fifteen shillings: Letters of

Any matriculation of a person in either of the two universities mart* in England, the sum of four shillings: Matriculati-

Any pardon (except the general circuit or Newgate pardons) of or for any crime or offence, or of any sum of money or for- parsons feiture whatsoever, or any warrant of reprieve or relaxation fromr any pecuniary fine or forfeiture exceeding one hundred pounds, or from any corporal punishment, the sum of six pounds:

Any

3°2

Passports.

Probates.

Notes to bearer on demand re -i flu-able where first issued.

Notes to bearer on demand re-ifiu-able at anyplace.

Notes to bearer payable otherwise than on demand.

Notes exceeding 2ocl.

Protests.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

Any passport, the sum of one shilling:

Any prbbate of a will or letters of administration for any estate of or above the value of three hundred pounds, the Turn of two pounds and ten shillings; where the estate is of or above the value of six hundred pounds, the further sum of one pound and ten fh tilings; and where the estate is of or above the value of one thousand pounds, the further sum of two pounds; and where the estate is of or above the value of two thousand pounds, the further sum of four pounds; and where the estate is of or above the value of five thousand pounds, the further sum of five pounds; and where the estate is of or above the value of ten thousand pounds, the further sum of five pounds:

Any promissory note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be re-ifiiiable from time to time after payment at the place where the same was firstissued, but not otherwise, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty finillings, and shall not exceed five pounds and five shillings, the sum of one penny; and where such sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings, and shall not exceed thirty pounds, the sum of two-pence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds, the sum of three-pence; and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred pounds, the sum of four-pence; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of sixpence:

Any promissory note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be re-issued from time to time after any payment at the same place or any other place than where the same was first issued, where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall amount to forty shillings, and shall not exceed five pounds and five shillings, the sum of twopence; and where such sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings, and shall not exceed thirty pounds, the sum of four-pence:

Any promissory note, or other note payable otherwise than to the bearer on demand, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty finillings, and shall not exceed thirty pounds, the sum of two-pence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds, the sum of three-pence; and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred pounds, the sum of four-pence; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of sixpence:

Any promissory note, or other note payable on demand, or otherwise, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred pounds, the sum of eight-pence:

Any protest or other notarial ad whatever, the sum of two shillings:

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 303

Any recognizance, statute staple or statute merchant, the sum of ten shillings:

Any register, entry, testimon^l, or certificate of any degree Recogni-taken in either of the two universities in England, the lum of two zances* pounds:

Any register, entry, testimonial, or certificate of any degree Registers, &c. in any inn of court, the sum of fourteen pounds^he^universi11

Any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or ties j?ng_ tenement, (except such copyhold land or tenement as shall not land, ditto in exceed the clear yearly value of twenty shillings; and also except inns of court, the original surrender to the use of a will), or any grant or lease Surrenders of, by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor, (other than the court roll or book wherein ifoids.to, C°^ the proceedings of the court are entered and enrolled), the sum of three shillings:

Any copy of any surrender of, or admittance to, any custom Copy of fur-right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, which shall pass ^d^ttance01* by surrender and admittance, or by admittance orfty, and which e^tes not shall not pass by deed (except such custom right or tenant right copyhold, estates as shall not exceed the clear yearly value of twenty shillings), the sum of three shillings:

Any transfer of stock in any company, society, or corporation, Transfer of (except the companies of the governor and company of the bank ft°ck-of England, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery), the sum of ten shillings:

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine, or any writ of entry for suffering a common recovery, the sum of fifteen shillings: ing n€S*

Any appeal from the courts of admiralty either in England or Scotland, the court of arches, or the prerogative courts of Canter- admiralty, bury or York, the sum of six pounds: 8cc.

Any answer exhibited in the courts of admiralty or cinque Answer in ports, the sum of three shillings: courts of ad-

Any libel, allegation, deposition, or inventory exhibited in the miralty. See, courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the sum of two shillings and hibel in ditto, sixpence:

Any copy of any citation^ monition, or answer, made in the Copy of pita-courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the sum of three shillings: tion, &c. indo.

Any copy of any libel, allegation, deposition, or inventory, CoPy of libel, exhibited in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the sum of &c\inditto, two shillings and sixpence:

Any personal decree, warrant, or monition, in any court of Personal de-admiralty or the cinque ports, or any copy thereof, the sum of cree in ditto, five shillings:

Any sentence that shall be given in the courts of admiralty, Sentence of either in England or Scotland, or the cinque ports exercising ad- courts of admiralty jurisdidftion, or any attachment that shall be made out 0fmh*dy, &e. the said courts of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment, the sum of ten shillings;

Any sentence or final decree exhibited in the courts of admi- j^ence T*a ralty or cinque ports, or any copy thereof, the sum of two shillings;

Any

304 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

Surrenders in Scotland.

Charters, &c. in ditto.

Retours of service, &c. in ditto.

Saifines in ditto.

Surrenders of burgage tenure, &c, in Scotland.

Any principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation of any messuages, houses, lands, tenements, hereditaments* tythes, mills, fishings, and other beretable rights, or any of them, to be made to any of his Majesty's subjects who are or shall be the iuperiors thereof, or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation, or to any magistrates or others who have power to receive such surrenders or resignations in Scotland, the sum of four shillings and nine-pence:

Any charter or resignation, confirmation, Novo Damusy or charter, upon apprizing or adjudication made or granted by such superior or others as aforesaid in Scotland., the sum of four shillings and nine-pence:

Any principal or original retour of any service of heirs, or any precept of Clare Conjlat of lands or tenements, holding of any subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the sum of four shillings and nine-pence:

Any principal or original faifine taken or following upon any mortgage, wadset, heretable bond, alienation or disposition, or upon any charter precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprisings, or adjudications of lands or tenements holding of any subject as aforesaid in Scotland, the sum of four shillings and nine-pence: Any principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, service, or cognition cf heirs, charter of faifine of any houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage tenure, in Scotland, the sum of four shillings and nine-pence.

From July 5,

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth lowing dairies ^ay 7U^ one tb°u^anc^even hundred and ninety-seven, there to be paid in shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Great Britain: Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, the rates and duties following; that is to say,

Newspapers For and upon every newspaper, or paper containing publick id. aq. news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to

be dispersed and made publick, whether the same be contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a sheet, the sum of one penny halfpenny:

Almanacks For every almanack or calendar for one particular year, or for any time less than a year, the sum of four-pence.

Uforei^n*FI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing bills of ex- herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge any change. foreign bills of exchange, drawn in sets according to the custom

of merchants, with any additional duty higher than after the following rate; that is to say, Where the sum expressed in such bills or made payable thereby shall not exceed one hundred pounds, there shall be charged an additional (lamp duty of twopence; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty of three-pence; and where such sum shall exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty of four-pence: provided

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 305

that every bill of each set of such bills so drawn shall be charged, and every such bill is hereby declared to be chargeable, wirh the like additional duty according to the rate above mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the duties charged on duties to he

any of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, on which fifties

any former duty is by law payable, shall be paid over and above ancj bc un</ the duties payable on the same respectively, on and immediately der the mi-before the passing of his ad; and that the said duties hereby nagement of granted shall be under the government, care, and management, f^ers^or11" of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the stamps, &c, duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who,

or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose; and in order to denote any of the several duties payable by virtue of this act, whenever they fee occasion to use such stamps as shall have been heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to cause new damps to be provided for that purpose, or for the purpose of denoting the former duties, and also the duties granted by this act, and to alter or renew the same respectively from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said several duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall coun- Penalty of terfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, death for any damp directed or allowed to be used by this act, or provided,

made, or used for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act:

granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any damp duty by this act imposed, with such counterfeit damp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any damp directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the said

duties, then every person so offending, and

being

thereof law-

fully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all powers, providons, rules, methods, articles, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, dif- p, ffing this tiibutions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and to extend things prescribed or appointed by any act or acts of parliament in to the duties force at and immediately before the passing of this act, relating before men-to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall (as far as the same are respectively applicable) be of full force and effect with relation to the additional and other duties herein-before mentioned, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional and other duties according to the true Vol, XLh X intent

tioned.

306 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90.

[1796.-

intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to alj intents and purposes* as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional and other duties. Manner of

VII. And be it further enacted, That the number of stamps calculating the required to be put on any skin, or piece of vellum or parchment* number of or sheet or piece of paper on which any indenture, lease, bond*

stamps to be put on indentures, &c.

Manner of calculating the number of stamps to be put on copies of indentures,

&'C.

Proviirons of 3 7 Cieo. 3-c. 19. to extend to this act*

or other deed hereby charged with the duty of three shillings, or any agreement hereby charged with any duty, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, shall, from and after the passing of this act* be calculated according to the number of common law {beets, each common law (beet containing seventy-two words, of which such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed or agreement, together with every schedule or instrument annexed unto or indorsement made on the same, shall consist in manner following; that is to say, Where the quantity of words of which any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, or any agreement, together with such schedule, instrument, or indorsement, shall consist as aforesaid, shall not exceed fifteen such common law sheets, one or more {lamp or stamps to denote the value of all the duties charged thereon by any former act or acts of parliament* and this act; and where the quantity of words shall exceed the number of fifteen common law sheets, then progressively one or more further stamp or stamps of the like value for every further entire quantity of fifteen Inch common law sheets, of which any such indenture* lease, bond, or other deed or agreement, with every schedule, instrument, or indorsement, as aforesaid, shall consist: provided always, That if, after calculating the words in manner aforesaid* there shall remain any number of words less in quantity than fifteen other common law sheets, no further stamp shall be required for such excess above the number so calculated.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the number of stamps which shall be required to be put on any {kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy, of any indenture, lease, or other deed hereby charged with duty* shall be engracted, printed, or written, shall be calculated in manner following; that is to say, Where the quantity of words of which such copy shall consist shall not exceed ten such common law (beets as aforesaid, one stamp as aforesaid; and where the quantity of words shall exceed the number of ten common law (beets, then progressively one further stamp as aforesaid for every entire further quantity of ten common law sheets of which such copy shall consist: provided always, That if, after calculating the words in manner last aforesaid* there shall remain any number of words less in quantity than ten ether common law (beets* no further stamp shall be required for such excels above the number so calculated.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions, rules* and matters, prescribed by an act passed in this session of parliament, for the more effectually securing the stamp duties on indentures, kales, bonds, and other deeds^ and not hereby altered*,

shall

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90, 307

shall be extended, applied, and put in practice, for the {lamping such indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, agreements, and copies of indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been re-enacted in this act; and if any attorney, folici- p"rfon*flntt for, clerk, officer, or other person, shall engross, print, or write, neglect to or cause to be eng rolied, printed, or written, any agreement, or bring inltiu-any copy purporting to be a true copy, or attested to be a true copy, of any indenture, lease, or deed, not duly stamped, ac-starrpt within cording to the directions of this act, and shall neglect to bring the time aJ-the same to be duly stamped within the time directed and allowed lowed by (he for (damping indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds, /hMl^fbrfeft ^"e the said act passed in this session of parliament, every such attor- 2Q] and the ney, folici for, clerk, officer, or other person, shall forfeit and instrument pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any shall be of no penalty imposed by the said act may be recovered and applied; ava* and no such agreement or copy shall be pleaded or given in evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any manner whatever, unlessjthe same shall be {damped as required by this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall Perfo'ns ad-mi* administer the personal estate of any person dying after the pass> nifiering

ing of this act, or any part thereof, without proving the will of [a^es^ khout the deceased, or taking out letters of administration of such per- ppoving the fonal estate, within six calendar months afrer the death of the will, or taking person so dying, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to 01^ letters of be recovered in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, tio'n within"fix for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's court of months after exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by the death of action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, party\ to

privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall betouett 50*allowed; and that one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture shall, if filed for within the space of six calendar months, be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of For c-very-each and every copyhold tenement of the value of twenty shillings copyhold re-per annum, or upwards, mentioned in any surrender, admittance, ^g^Vann-or copy of court roll, of any honour or manor, and each and mentioned every custom right or tenant right tenement, not being copy-in any furrea-hold, (of the value before mentioned), mentioned in any fur- der, &c. for render, admittance, or instrument of admittance, whereupon a

several fine shall be due or payable to the lord or lady of any c^ue) a dishonour or manor, or a several fee shall be demanded or received tindt ft amp by any steward, or deputy ftevyard, of such honouror manor, a duty shall be distinct and several {lamp duty shall be charged according to the amount of all the duties imposed thereon by this act, and any former act or acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any steward or other If any officer

officer of any copyhold court, or of any customary or tenant ofa copyhold right court, not being copyhold, shall demand, take, or receive, a

x 2 fron) hue for any

3°S surrender,

&c- without demanding the duty for each distinct tenement, he shall forfeit 2C>1. &c.

If an officer of a manor shall receive the duties.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

from any person whatever, any fine or fee for any surrender or admittance of or to any copyhold tenement, or for any grant or lease by copy of any court roll, or for any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor, or for any surrender or admittance, or instrument of admittance, to any custom right or tenant right tenement, not being copyhold, without at the same time demanding and receiving the damp duty in respect of each several and distmdl tenement as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such steward or other officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and the duties which shall be due and payable thereon, whether the same shall have been so received by the steward or other officer as aforesaid, or not, shall be a debt to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the steward or officer who shall or ought to have received the same; and if the same shall not be received by such steward or other officer, then the said duties shall also be a debt to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the person or persons to whom any estate as aforesaid shall pass by force of any surrender, admit' tance, or copy, or instrument of admittance, which shall not be so stamped as aforesaid,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any steward or other officer of any honour or manor shall receive the duties payable on any such surrender, admittance, instrument of admittance, or and neglect to copy as aforesaid, and shall negledi to purchase the proper {lamps pay them for for the same, and to pay the (lamp duty so received to the officer three months, appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties for adouble purpose, for the space of three calendar months after he shall the duty. so have received the same, every such steward or other officer aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and double the duty which shall not be so paid by him within the time aforesaid.

Persons hav-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ing on July 5, any persons who shall, on the said fifth day of July one thousand &c9 lbven hundred and ninety-seven, have in their custody or pofief-

with the old fion any velium, parchment, or paper, stamped or marked with duties, may, any stamp or mark, or (lamps or marks, used to denote any of with the duties now payable by law on stamped vellum, parchment, have^t (tarr.pt or Paper' by virtue of any act or acts in force on and imme-with the pro- diately before the passing of this act, and upon which vellum, per stamp, or parchment-, or paper, any duty is hereby imposed in addition to exchanged; the duty now payable, at any time.within the space of sixty days, for persons refid ing in England, and of four calendar months for persons residing in Scotland, to be computed from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninery-seven, to bring or lend such vellum, parchment, or paper, to the said of, at their said head office, who, or their officers under them, are hereby authorised and required, on payment of the respective duties by this act imposed, to the receiver general of the said duties, or to foine person or persons to be authorised by him for such purpose, to ca.use such vellum, parchment, or paper, to be duly stamped and marked with the pioper stamp or

mark*

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 309

+mark, or stamps or marks, to denote the payment of the respective duties hereby imposed; or at the election of the person or persons bringing such vellum, parchment, or paper, to cause the same to be cancelled, and other vellum, parchment, or paper to be stamped with the proper stamps of the like value with the amount of the stamps so cancelled, and of the duties so paid, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly any sum of money or consideration whatever (other than the duty hereby

imposed) for the same 5 and all vellum, parchment, and paper but if not so

stamped or marked by virtue of any act or acts now in force as brought, in-

aforesaid, on which assy matter or thing shall be engrossed, ^t'^there-

printed, or written, after the said fifth day of July one thousand Gn to be of no

seven hundred and ninety-seven, which shall not be brought ested:

within the respective times aforesaid to the said head office, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, of no other efredl or use than

if the same had not been so stamped; and the matters and things

which shall after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrossed, printed, or written thereon, shall he of no other effect than if the same matters and

things had been engrossed, printed, or written, on undamped

vellum, parchment, or paper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no promissory note, or No note al-other note, which by the said act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, is allowed to be again issued tcTbe fffiaed5* under certain regulations therein contained, shall, from and after again, shall, the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- after July 5, seven, be again issued after payment thereof, until the same shall beTo

have been brought to the said head office to be stamped.with a pr0perjy proper (lamp in the manner directed by this act; and the said stampt, &c. of are hereby authorised and required to (lamp the same, or cause the same to be stamped, on payment of the duly by this act imposed, on proof on oath or solemn affirmation before the said of, (which oath or solemn affirmation the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), that the same hath not been, after payment thereof, again issued since the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any such promissory or other note which shall be first issued or negociated after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which may be after any payment thereof according to the regulations of the said act again issued, being also first stamped with the proper (lamp to denote the duty by this act imposed, may be again issued from time to time in the manner allowed by the said act; and all rules, regulations, duties, and Regulations of penalties prescribed or imposed by the said act, with respect to the said act to the stamping such promissory or other notes, in order to illlie the exten to this, same from time to time, or with respect to the issuing, or negociating, or cancelling such notes, after payment thereof, shall be applied and put in practice with respect to the securing the duties by this act irqposed, according to the true intent and meaning of silver plate imported, or made in Great Britain.

310 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally been enacted in the body of this act. prom July 5,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said79?\ certain fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ties'to^be^aid ^ere raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

on ^old and ute of h'is Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates or duties following; that is to say, For and upon ail gold plate which shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or wrought within, the kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or'ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional duty after the rate of eight shillings for every ounce troy, and so in proportion for any greater or lei's quantity; and for and upon all silver plate, which, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be imported or brought into, or which shall be made or 'wrought within, the kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional duty after the rate of sixpence for every ounce troy; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed on gold and silver plate made or wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the management of the said of of stamp duties; and the same shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, in inch and the like manner, and in and by the like means, ways, and methods, by which the duties on gold and silver plate wrought in Great Britain, and granted by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Ma-ieffty, are or may be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and shall be (abject and liable to all the like rules, regulations, methods, refirictions, exemptions, and penalties, as the said former duties are subject and liable to by any law in force on and immediately before the passing of this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby

Duties on

gold and silver plate made in Great Britain to be under the management of the co mania on ere. lor Ramps.

Duties on

imP°fed on gold or silver plate imported or brought into this piaimpo, kingdom, shall be under the management of the commissioners of customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such

sans.

plate impor to be under the management of the

- J J y oiRom"erS anC^ rnanner' an^ in and by any and either of the me

ways, and methods, by which the duties of customs on gold and silver wrought plate imported, imposed by an act passed in the twenty Seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, and paid, and the said goods, wares, or merchandize, so by-this act made chargeable with a duty on importation, shall be subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, re-firidlions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, and merchandize, were subject and liable by any act or acts in force on and immediately before the paffng of this a cl.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

From July 5.

1797: vn addi- jay of jujy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fevem tional duty of*J S J lher

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 31 x

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the 6d. percent, kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty,° for

his heirs and successors, the yearly sum of sixpence over and above from loss by the yearlyTum of one shilling and sixpence now payable for every fire; sum of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, that is or shall be insured by any person or persons, in or by any policy of insurance for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned which duty duties on insurances hereby granted, shall be under the manage-

meat of the said of of stamp duties, and the same m<L of the shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, in such of and the like manner, and in and by the like means, ways, and for stamps, methods, by which the said duties of one shilling and sixpence, granted on the like insurances by an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, are or may be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and shall be subject and liable to all the like rules, regulations, methods, refiricftions, exemptions, and penalties, as the former duties are subject and liable to by any lav/ in force on and immediately before the passing of this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising Duties, except by the several duties herein-before mentioned, except those on ^Id^rnd gold and silver plate imported, shall be paid, from time to time, importedf to into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the be paid to the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay receiver ge-the same, the necessary charges of raising, paying, and account- s^and ing for the same being deducted, into the receipt of the exchequer,

at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on the exchequer, damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and the said money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties to be monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby addition granted as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall he diffident, fo/defraying6 shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose the encreased of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan made charge occa-or dock created, or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts

passed, or to be passed, in this session of parliament; and that the fep'lon &<; said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be*paid into the said receipt, didindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties paid into the said receipt shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever,

in finances from loss by fire, repealed from July 5,797>

312 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

XXIII. And whereas certain stamp duties of six shillings or of eleven shilliigs respectively, are charged by several acts on every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fyeet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrossed., printed\ or written, any policy of assurance; and\ whereas it is expedient that the said duties, as far as the same relate to policies for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shonld be repealed, and other duties Present duties granted in lieu thereof be it further enacted, That all the duties on policies for imposed by any act or acTs in force on and immediately before the passing of this Aact, on every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which any policy of infgrance for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shall, from and after the said fifth day of "7uly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cease and determine, save and except always as to any arrears of the said several duties which may, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain unpaid, or to any fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto, which 111 a 11 have been incurred at any time before or on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and also lave and except the several powers, provisions, and remedies, for recovering the said duties respectively, which shall continue to be in full force and esse-ft.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain., the duties herein after next mentioned j that is to say,

and the duties following to be paid:

where the sum insured shall not amount to ijooooh, 3s.;

and for j - o'ol. and upwards. 6s.;

For every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed, written, or primed, any policy of insurance for insuring houses, furniture, good*-, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, where the sum insured thereon shall not amount unto one thousand pounds, the sum of three shillings; and where the sum insured thereon shall amount unto one thousand pounds, or upwards, the turn of six shillings:

which shall be levied as the repealed duties.

Duties on policies to be paid into the exchequer as other stamp duties.

Which several duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in like manner as the duties hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, and paid, on and immediately before-the passing of this act, or any duties hereby granted, may be raised, levied, collected, or paid by virtue of this atf.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising from the said several rates and duties hereby granted on policies (the necessary charges of railing-and accounting for the same being deducted), shall be paid into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or

paper,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 3x3

paper, are diretfed to be paid, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXVI. And, where as, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Ma- Geo. c. jesty certain duties on certificates, to be taken out by solicitors, 8o' ieateu' attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed on record, as therein mentioned; certain duties were granted on certificates to be taken out by any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, of his admifion, enrolment, or register, in any of the courts therein mentioned: and whereas, for the avoiding frauds, // is expedie?it that the certificates shall be taken out only at the head office of fiamps; be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven, every person ad- From Nov. r, mitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, a solicitor, attorney, notary, folidtoi^&c proctor, agent, or procurator, in any of his Majesty's courts at in the courts* Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts at Westmin-of admiralty or cinque ports, the great sessions in Wales, or in andeer-any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in that tain ?tllnr 1t

7 r - -n 11 t /; 1 1 i-, 1 1 COUl'tS, til all

part oi Great Britain called England holding pleas, where the between Nov. debt or damage shall amount to forty shillings or more, shall an- i. and the end nually, between the first day of November and the end of Michael- of Michaelmas mas term then next following, during such time as he shall con- ^u^i^de-tinue so to practise in any of the said courts, or before such person jjver at the shall commence, carry on, or defend, any action or suit, or any head office proceedings whatsoever in any of the said courts, deliver in to the for ftHmPs a of appointed to manage the duties on stamped vellum, j^hisname* parchment, and paper, or to their officer or officers appointed by aijd abode, in them, at the head office of stamps in Middlesex, a paper or note, order to ob-in writing, containing the name and usual place of residence ofa certifi-such person; and thereupon, and upon payment of the duties by cate* the said act imposed, according to the place of his residence deferred in such paper or note, in writing, every such person shall be entitled to a certificate, duly stamped, to denote the payment of the duty by the said act imposed, according to the place of residence described as aforesaid: which certificate the said of, or such person or persons who shall be appointed by the said of, shall cause to be immediately issued, under the hand and name of the proper officer, in such form as the said of shall devise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every certificate so Certificates to

to be obtained as aforesaid, shall be entered in one of the courts ^the^ro in which the person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, ^er officer of {worn or registered, with the respective officer or officers of the the court, said courts, appointed by the said act to grant certificates of en- who shall be rolment, admission, or register, within the time herein-before for

prescribed, or before such person shall be permitted to practise as

aforesaid; and the said respective officers shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, upon payment of the fee of one shilling, to enter in alphabetical order the names of the

persons

; i4 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

persons described in such respective certificates, together with the places of such their residence as aforesaid, and the respective dates of such certificates, in books or rolls to be prepared for that purpose, to which books or rolls in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may at seasonable times have free access without fee or reward.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every certificate issued by virtue of this act, between the first day of November in any year, and the end of the then next Michaelmas term, final I bear date on the second day of November in such year; and every certificate issued at any other time, shall bear date on the day on which the same shall be issued; and every such certificate shall cease and determine on the first day of November then next following.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every certificate or which shall be granted at any time before the first

shall day November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

that day; and by virtue of the said Recited act, and in the manner therein men* on such certificates delivered to be cancelled, an allowance of duty in pro-

Books of entry may be in-spedted gratis

When such certificates shall bear date, and when determine.

Certificates

tioned, shall cease and determine on the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and any person who shall deliver any certificate granted after the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the first day of November one thousand seven hun-

period un expired to be allowed.

wrind^in^dfed ninety-seven, and then in force, to the said of at their said office, or to any person appointed by them to receive the same, to be cancelled, shall be entitled to an allowance of duty in proportion to the period then unexpired of the time for which such certificate was granted; which allowance the said of or their respective officers are hereby authorised and required to compute and pay to the person delivering such certificate to be cancelled, and the same maybe paid out of any duties in their hands, or in case any of the persons bringing any certificate to be cancelled, shall require a new certificate for the ensuing year, then to dedudf the same out of the duties to be paid for such new certificate.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety- -seven, if any person shall in his own name, or in the name of any other person or persons, sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend, any action or suit or any proceedings in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, or shall do any act in any of the said courts as an attorney, solicitor, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, of such court, without obtaining a certificate in the manner herein-before directed, or without entering the same in one of the courts aforesaid, wherein such person shall be admitted, enrolled, (worn, or registered, as solicitor, attorney, notary, proeftor, agent, or procurator, or shall deliver in to any person at the said head office, any account, containing a place of residence as the place of his residence, contrary to the directions of the said of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of hisjarefent Majesty

aforesaid*

Penalty for acting after Nov. 1, 1797, without a certificate, or Without entering it, or for delivering in a place of residence contrary to the directions of 25 Geo. 3. c. 80.

Most<

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90, 315

aforesaid, with intent to evade the payment of the higher duties of five pounds, by the said act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be apd is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any action or suit in any court of law or equity, for the recovering any fee, reward, or disbursement, on account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any action, suit, or proceeding, or having prosecuted, carried on, or defended, any action, suit, or proceeding, or any matter or thing relating thereto, without such certificate as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person admitted, From Nov.^i» sworn, enrolled, or regidered, in any of the said courts as afore- negtaing0^ said, who, from and after the said fil'd day of November, shall obtain certifi-neglect to obtain his certificate thereof, in the manner before cates for a directed, for the space of one whole year, shall from thenceforth be incapable of practising in his own name, or in the name of any bu£ they other person, in any of the said courts, by virtue of such ad- bere-admitted million, entry, enrolment, or regider; end the admission, entry, en- on payment of rolment, or regider of such person in any of the said courts, shall be the duty an£* from thenceforth null and void: provided always, That nothing p herein-before contained shall be condrued to prevent any of the said courts from re-admitting any such person on payment to the said of of the duty accrued since the expiration of the lad certificate obtained by such person, and such further sum of money by way of penalty, as the said court shall think fit to order and direct: provided also, Thft nothing herein-before contained shall be condrued to include within the regulations of this act respecting such persons as last aforesaid, any person who is exempted by the provisions of the said act of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, from the payment of the duty imposed thereby.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Application of tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, out of the monies arising from the rates and duties imposed by g0t from Oct. the said last mentioned act of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, after 10, 1797. the said tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, the sum of three thousand six hundred and forty-seven pounds and ten shillings, being one fourth part of the sum of fourteen thousand five hundred and ninety pounds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the fird day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties imposed by the said last mentioned act, shall, quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July\ and the tenth day of October^ in every year during the period of ten years, be set apart from the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties; which remainder shall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties so paid into the said receipt, or so much thereof as shall be fu (fide nr, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be paade by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session

of

316 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 96. [1796.

of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccdTors, upon any account whatever.

XXXIII. And whereas it is expedient that a reaf noble compensation should he mode to such proprietors, printers, and publifloers of newspaper s, who flood not advance the price of their papers beyond the amount of the duty imposed thereon by this cM; be it further enacted. For every That for every such newspaper, or paper containing publick news, newspaper not intelligence, or occurrences, which shall be sold at a price not ex-than 6jmdiere ceec^ng flx Pence^ there shall be paid an allowance, by way of dif* Hi all be a dif- count, upon the amount of all the respective duties payable on count allowed newspapers, by any act or aefs in force on and immediately be-°? the amount fore the pa ding of this act, and also by this act, after the rate and m manner herein after mentioned; and that the said allowance

shall in all cases where the same shall be made, be in lieu of all former allowances directed to be made by any act or acts of parliament whatever.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the proprietors or printers of any newspaper, or any of them* shall make it appear to the satisfaction of the said of of newspaper has ft amp duties, or any three or more of them, or any officer appointed been, for 3 by them, or any three or more of them, for such purpose, that fore'any new^Paper of which such person or persons is or are proprietor this act, lofd or proprietors, or printer or printers, hath been for the space of for more than three calendar months, or longer, before the passing of this act,

4d. sq. the usually sold at a higher price than four-pence halfpenny for each

beahowe'dlf newspaper, it shall be lawful for the said of to make the advance like allowance as herein after is mentioned to such proprietors

of price be no and printers respectively, who shall not advance the price of more than the their papers above their usual price as aforesaid, more than the

of all the duties.

If the proprietor or printer shall make it appear that a

new duty.

Persons paying iol. at a time for duty, to be emitled to a discount.

amount of the duty by this act imposed thereon.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons who shall bring to the head office of stamps, to be stamped with the respective duties imposed on newspapers as aforesaid, any paper commonly called Single Demy Paper, not exceeding in each {beet thereof twenty-eight inches in length and twenty inches in breadth, to be stamped on each sheet thereof; or any paper commonly called Double Demy Paper, to be stamped on each half (beet thereof, shall, on present payment at any one time of the sum of ten pounds or upwards, on account of the said respective duties, be entitled, on demand, to an allowance, by way of discount after the rate of fi.xteen pounds per centum per annum, on the sum so paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-ers to provide sioners shall cause two stamps to be provided, to denote the duties on^denoting payable on new/haperf, the one of which stamps shall also denote

b*thQ

Commission-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90. 317

the discount to be allowed in pursuance of this act; and all such the discouitt paper which shall be brought to the said head office to be (lamp- the other* ed, on payment of the duties on newspapers as aforesaid, and not^ whereupon the discount hereby directed to be allowed shall be demanded and paid, shall be stamped with the damp herein-before directed to be provided to denote the discount to have been allowed; and all such paper whereupon no discount shall be demanded and paid in pursuance of this act, shall be stamped with the other of the said stamps: and if any person or persons shall Penalty of »oL print, or cause or procure to be printed, any newspaper, or the Full*" paper aforesaid, liable to the said duties, without printing, or prjce on t^e causing to be printed thereon, the full price at which the same newspaper, or shall be sold, or shall sell or expose to sale, any such newspaper felling it at a or paper aforesaid, at any greater price than the sum printed |^ater Pnc£? thereon, or shall print, or cause or procure to be printed, on any such newspaper, or paper aforesaid, which shall be stamped with the stamp herein-before directed to denote the discount to have been allowed in pursuance of this act, any price exceeding the sum allowed by this act, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof; or shall fell, or expose to sale, any such newspaper, or paper aforesaid, which shall be stamped with the said stamp to denote the difcpunt to be allowed as aforesaid, at any price exceeding the sum so allowed, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Where the al-

nothing herein contained shall be construed to limit the price of Jowance here-any paper whereupon the allowance by this act granted shall not jgnot de-have been demanded and paid, nor to prevent any person, on manded, act: present payment of the duties irpposed by any act or acts in force not to limit on and immediately before the pasting of this act, from receiving n^the

the allowance of four pounds per centum thereon, in any case aiioVVance be-where the allowance by this act granted shall not be demanded jpg made of and paid. - 4b per cent.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons 1

for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every 10a

such case the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in such action or suit to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General iff&e* at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be-brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plain*

iffs shall become nonfuked, or discontinue his; her, or their

vtiong

31S Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 91- — 93, [1796.

action, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs* or if* upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble costs, treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

CAP. XCI.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for confirming- and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cash by the bank, under certain regulations and restrictions.

[June 22, 1797.]

CAP. XCII.

An act to continue for a limited time an act, made in the thirty*third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establi filing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases, — [June 22, 1797.] — Continued to July 1, 1799.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to' indemnify such persons as have omitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, admission, or r eg fry, in the several courts of this kingdom.

[June 22, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

25 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited.

Persons who have neglected to take out certificates as required by recited act, may take them out within three months after passing this act, and shall be indemnified.

WHEREAS m-my persons who by an act passed in the twenty- fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justi^ce in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or bled of record, as therein mentioned, are required to take out certificates ofi their enrolment, achnission, or regifry, in the courts therein mentioned, annually, ten days at lea ft before the expiration of the former certificate, have neglected or omitted so to aoy through abfience or fioms unavoidable accident, and without any intention to defraud^ and1 same a ft ions have been commenced and are depending, and other act ions ore likely to be commenced against such persons to recover the penalties incurred by them: for relieving such persons, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any person who shall have neglected or omitted to take out his certificate at the time or in the manner required by the said act, within three calendar months after the passing of this act, to take out a certificate, or to pay to the receiver general of his Majesty's starnp duties, or to some officer appointed by him, such sum and sums of money which shall appear to be due in respect of the duty imposed by the said act; and after that rate for such year or years, or for such portion or portions of time greater or less than a year,

for

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 94, 95. 319

for or during which such person shall have neglected or omitted to take out his certificate, (the amount of which sum and lums so to be paid shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties, or by some person or persons to be appointed by them under their hands, or the hands of any three or more of them, who are hereby authorised and required to ascertain and settle the same accordingly); and every such person shall, upon payment of all such sum and sums of money, be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and againsi: all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, -incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any neglecff or omission previous to the passing of this act, of taking or obtaining a certificate in the manner prescribed by the said act; and all acts done by any such person shall be of the same force and validity as the same or any of them would have been if such person had obtained his certificate according to the directions of the said act; and that all proceedings in any action or actions already Actions corn-commenced for any neglect or omission of taking out or obtain- menced for ing such certificate, shall, in the mean time, be fsaid, and and"°

not be further proceeded in after the said period of three calendar not further months, againsi: any person who shall have paid the duty in the proceeded In manner before directed; and no action or actions shall be com- aJter ^aid men-ced or prosecuted for such neglect or omission, until after the*

expiration of the said three calendar months, and then only againsi: fons paying such person or persons who shall neglect to comply with the the duty, provisions of this a.6L

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act:, not to m-or any thing herein contained, shall not be confirued to extend

to indemnify any person againsi: whom final judgement shall have whom" final been given on or before the first: day of June one thousand seven judgement hundred and ninety-seven, in any action in any of his Majesty's shall have been courts of record, for any penalty or penalties incurred by having by June neglected or omitted to obtain his certificate according to the*directions of the said act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, Publick act, taken, and allowed, to be a publick act; and all judges, justices,

and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to continue an at, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards, taken, cured and exported.

[June 2 %, 1797.]

CAP. XCV.

An act to amend two ats made in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the fir'd year of the reign of King George the first, for the preservation of salmon and other fish in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts.

[June 1797.]

320 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 96, 97. [1796.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for amending and rendering more dfrdhial an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the effedhial draining and preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely $ and for more eftedtudly draining and preserving the fen lands and low grounds lying within the said Level.

[June % % > 1797 ]

[Preamble.]

Treaty with America recited.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the united jlates of America.

[July 4, 1797.]

WHEREAS a treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, has been concluded between his Majesty and the united Jlates of America: and whereas, by the eleventh article of the said treaty, it is agreed between his Majesty and the united Jlates of America, that there should be a reciprocal and entirely perfect liberty of navigation and commerce between their respective people, in the manner, under the limitations, and on the conditions specified in the following articles of the said treaty: and whereas, by the fifteenth article of the said treaty, it is further agreed, that no other or higher duties shall be paid by the ships or merchandize of the cue party, in the ports of the ether, than such as are paid by the like vessels or merchandize of all other nations; nor shall any other or higher duty be imposed in one country, on the importation of any articles, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the other, than are or shall be payable on the importation of the like articles, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any other foreign country; nor shall any prohibition be imposed on the exportation or importation of any articles, to or from the territories of the iivo parties respectively, which shall not equally extend to all other nations: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Goodsmaybe assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and t^<?Unhecl°m ma^ 'oe ^awhd to imPor{: into this kingdom, clire611 y from any of States of the territories of the united dates of America, in British-built America into ships or velfeis, owned, navigated, and registered according to Great Britain, law, or in ships built in the countries belonging to the united

American°r ^ates A America, or any of them, or in ships taken by any of ships, dec. thehips or vessels of war belonging to the government, or any

under certain of the inhabitants of the said united dates, having commissions

regulations. Gr letters of marque and reprila! from the government of the said united dates, and condemned as lawful prize in any court of admiralty of the said united dates, of which condemnation proof shall be given to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's culloms, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and owned by the subjects of the said united dates, or any of them, and whereof the mailer and three fourths of the mariners at lead are subjects

of

321

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97.

of the said united states, any goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, production, or manufacture of the said united dates, which are not prohibited by law to be imported from foreign countries, and to enter and land such goods, wares, and merchandize, upon payment of the duties, and fu'bject to the conditions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in hnywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such goods, wares, Goodsfoim-

and merchandize, imported into Great Britain, either in such on^ay-

ships, or in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and regis- ment of the tered according to law (except such goods, wares, and mer-fame duties as chandize as are herein after particularly enumerated or described) those payable shall and may be entered and landed, upon payment of such oorted°in^ duties of customs and excise, and no higher, as are payable on, 3^ vc/r£*Is goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination or de- from any other scription, upon their importation into this kingdom, in British)- foreign counbuilt ships, from any other foreign country; and in cases where ^uties

different duties are imposed upon goods, wares and merchandize are different, of the like denomination or description, imported from different on payment foreign countries, then upon payment of the lowed duties which of the low eft» by law are required to be paid on the importation, in British-

built ships, of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any foreign country, according to the schedule and tables, marked A, D, and F, annexed to an aCI, passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An aid for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or m i-nufaddurc of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; or by any other laws in force, passed subsequent to the said act, touching the duties contained in the said schedule and tables, marked A, D, and F, subject also, when imported in American ships, to the countervailing duties imposed by this act.

III. And, in order to encourage and promote the trade from the united fates to this kingdom, be it further enacted, That American pig any pig iron, bar iron, pitch, tar, turpentine, rosin, pot afn, iron, &c. may pearl alb, mahogany, mads, yards, and bowsprits, being the ^growth, production, or manufacture of the said united fbtes, the'fa me ciu-an.d all daves, and unmanufactured goods and merchandize ties as those whatsoever, which are not prohibited by law to be imported payable on the from any foreign country, being the growth or production of ^ortS^n8 the said united dates, shall or may be imported in British or British ships American ships, owned and navigated as herein-before required, when accom-upon payment of such duties of customs and excise as are payable panied with

on the like goods, wares, and merchandize, when accompanied

- , '..r.certificates,

with the certificates required by law upon their importation into though not fa

this kingdom, in British built ships, from any British island or accompanied.

Vol. XLL Y plantation

3&2 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97, [1796.

plantation in America, notwithstanding such goods, wares, or merchandize, may not be accompanied with the certificates heretofore required by law, subject also, when imported in American {hips, to the countervailing duties imposed by this adh The duties on

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon whea^c* to t^ie ^mPortat*on into Great Britain, from the said united Hates be ascertained America, of wheat, wheat meal or flour, rye, barley, beer, cr according to bigg, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, Indian corn, and maize, the Pr^es in duties'to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and afeer- Geo. tained according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer, or

bigg, pease, beans, oats, and oatmeal, in the manner set forth and specified in the table marked D, in an act passed in the thirty-hr(l year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn., and the payment of the duty cn foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported; any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all oil made from fish, or creatures living in the sea, and blubber, whale fins, and sper-maccti, being the produce tfcf the fisheries carried on by the people of the said united {fates of America, may be imported from the countries of the said united states into this kingdom, in Britif or American ships, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon payment of such duties of customs as are payable on the like goods and merchandize, upon their importation into thi» kingdom, in British built ships, from countries not under the dominion of his Majesty, subject also, when imported in American ships, to the countervaling duties imposed by this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any tobacco, being the growth or production of any of the territories of the said united Hates of America, may he imported in British or American ships,

the'like^duties ownet^ and navigated as herein-before required, upon payment as from Bri- <?f the same duties of cuifoms and excise as tobacco imported by tifli colonies British subjects, from any Briiifo colony or plantation in America, i? 1k* is or may hereafter be subject to; and that any snuff, being the production and manufacture of any of the said territories, may be imported, in manner before-mentioned, upon payment of such duties of customs and excise as snuff, being the production or manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject to, and may be warehoused, and again exported; such tobacco and snuff to be subject respectively nevertheless to all and singular the regulations, re 11 ribbons, penalties, and forfeitures, relating to the importation and exportation thereof, or in a £ iy other respect relating thereto, of an act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present l\ia-jesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff and for granting new duties in lieu thereof \ and another act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last jef ion f parliament, intituled, c An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and

American oil, <kc. may be imported on payment of the same duties as on importation from countries not belonging to his Majesty, in British vef-iUs.

American tobacco may be so imported on payment of

British subjects; and snuff, on the payment of the like duties asEuropean production,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo GfioKen III. c. 97. 323

snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; ' or of any other act ftnce made relating thereto, subject: also, when imported in American ships, to the countervailing duties imposed by this act: provided always, That such tobacco shall be accompanied with a manifest, as by law required.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any rice, being the American nee growth or production of any of the territories of the united ^ted^nd" states of America, which shall be imported directly from thence warehoused, into any of the ports of Great Britain, in manner before-men- on payment tioned, may, upon the importer paying down, in ready money, of 8d. per the duty of eight-pence the hundred weight, being part of the0^' duties now payable on the importation of rice, be landed and warehoused, except as herein-3fter provided, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importer, in such warehouses as shall be approved of for that purpose by the corn mi (boners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs of the respective ports into which such rice shall be imported, upon the importer's own bond for payment of the remainder of the duties due and payable for such rice, within eighteen months, according to the net weight and quantity of such rice at the time it shall be so landed: provided always,

j 7 nnH of certain

That upon the importation of any such rice into the ports of ports without London, Bristol, Portsmouth, Cowes, Liverpool, Lancaster, Falmouth, payment of Poole, Whitehaven, Hull, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, or either any duty, of them, in the manner herein-before expressed, the importer conditions21111 shall be at liberty to enter and land the same, without payment of any duty whatever, upon condition that such rice shall be warehoused, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importers, in such warehouse or warehouses as shall be approved of for that purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs of the respective ports where such rice shall be imported; and that every expence attending such warehousing shall be borne by the said importers; and that such importer or Importers importers or his or their known servant, dial], from time to time, ma7 have ac- at all seasonable hours, as occasion may require, have free access houses Ware-< to such warehouses, in the presence of some proper officer of the customs, for the purpose of fkreening and (hiding the rice, to prevent it receiving damage; and that if any rice, which shall be Rice taken so imported from the territories of the said united states into any out of ware-of the ports above-mentioned respectively, and warehoused as for

aforesaid, shall be taken out of the warehouses, wherein the same r^mptuniTto shall be secured under the joint locks of his Majesty and the im- pay the full porters as aforesaid, for home consumption, the full duties due duties; and payable by law, upon the importation of such iice into this kingdom for home consumption, and also, when imported in American ships^ the countervailing duty imposed by this act, shall,

but may be exported, duty free, under the iuhbiting regulations within a li-

324 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796.

previously to its being taken out of such warehouses, be paid to the collector of his Majesty's customs at the port where such rice shall be so warehoused, but that such importer, if he intends to export such rice, shall have liberty to export the same from such warehouses reflectively, under the same regulations under which such rice might be exported by law immediately before, the passing of this act, without payment of any duty whatever: mitted % riod Prov*ded, that the exportation of any such rice, hereafter to be* warehoused under the authority of this act, be made within the said space of eighteen months; but if not exported within that period, that the full duties payable by law, and also, when imported in American ships, the countervailing duty imposed by this act, shall be paid for the same, and not be afterwards drawn Bonds for du- back; and that if any rice, which shall have been imported into ties on rice any port of this kingdom, not herein-before specially named, ^lorts^ot^ ant^ have ^een warehoused upon the importer's bond, in

herein named, manner aforesaid, shall, within the time herein before-mentioned, be tobecancelled taken out of the warehouse wherein it shall have been so secured, by deben- to foe exported directly from thence, the bond entered into for tailin' t^out t^lc Payment of the said duties thereon shall be discharged and of warehouses cancelled by debenture or debentures, made out and passed in the for ex porta- usual manner, for the quantity or quantities of rice duly ex-tion; but ported; and if any rice imported into any port of this kingdom, out so^home not fiere*n'f>€fore specially named, and warehoused in manner consumption aforesaid, shall be taken out of any such warehouse for home the remainder consumption, the remainder of the duties due and payable by of the duties ]aw, and a!so, when imported in American ships, the counter-

vailing duty by this act impaled, shall previously to its being taken out of such warehouse, be paid to the collector of his Majesty's customs at the port where such rice shall be so warehoused: provided, That if any rice warehoused under the authority of this a(51 shall remain in such warehouse beyond the period of eighteen months, upon which the full duties due and payable by law shall not have been paid, then in such case the same shall and may be sold for the duties, in like manner, and under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions as any other goods are now directed by law to be sold for the duties, and the produce applied in like manner as is directed by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for encouraging the tobacco trade.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing importation of herein contained shall be conllrued to prevent the importation rice, Sc'c. du- of rice and other articles, without payment of any duty whatever, ty-free, under by virtue of an act passed in the present session of parliament,

intituled An act to prohibit ike exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn and other articles of provison, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment -of duty, and in the manner in the said act mentioned, during the continuance thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandize, so imported from the united itates of America,

to be paid.

If d lilies be not paid on warehoused rice in months it may be sold.

Act not to prevent the

3 7 Geo. . c.

Goods imported from America, on

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. 325

shall, upon the exportation thereof to any foreign country, be exportation to entitled to the same drawbacks as are or may hereafter be by law cQ^nt^and allowed upon the exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize gOQjs ^x-of the like denomination and description, when exported to any ported from foreign country; and that there shall be allowed and paid the Great Britain same drawbacks and bounties on goods, wares, and merchandize, ^ntftlec?t exported from this kingdom to the territories of the said united di'awbac^ks Hates, or any of them, as are or may hereafter be allowed by and bounties. Jaw-upon the exportation of goods, wares, or merchandize of the like denomination or description, to any of the islands, plantations, or colonies, belonging to the crown of Great Britain in America.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed and

paid the same drawbacks upon the exportation of any sort of eXportation foreign hemp or foreign iron, exported from this kingdom to any of foreign British colony or plantation in America, and to the territories of hemp and the united states of America, or any of them, as are or may to ^mer hereafter be allowed by law, upon the exportation of the like fort riLa*

of hemp or iron to other foreign parts.

XI. And whereas, by the said fifteenth article of the treaty before mentioned, the British government reserves to life If the right of imposing such duty as may be adequate to countervail the difference of duty now payable on the importation of European and Asiatic goods, when imported into the united fates, in British or in American

vessels, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That From Jan. 5, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hun- 1fh. Cert*jn dred and ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and ^iesT^be paid paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on imporu-on the importation into this kingdom of the goods, wares and tion of goods merchandize herein after-mentioned or described, being of the ^om growth, production, or manufacture of any of the territories of the united states of America, and imported directly from thence American in American ships or vessels, owned and navigated as by this act vessels. is required, the following additional duties of customs j that is to say, On the importation of any such goods, wares, and merchandize as aforesaid (except tobacco and other articles, for which provision is herein after made), an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the several duties of customs due and payable by law on the importation into this kingdom of the like goods or merchandize, from any of the said united dates, in British-built ships or vessels; on the importation of any such pig iron, bar iron, pot ash, and pearl ash, in manner aforesaid, an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the several duties of customs due and payable by law on the importation into this kingdom of any such goods from any British colony or plantation in America, when not accompanied with the certificates required by law, on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such pitch, tar, turpentine, rosin, mahogany, mails, yards, and bowsprits, and unmanufactured goods and merchandize as aforesaid, (wood, staves, and tobacco

y 3 excepted),

32.6 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1736.

excepted), an additional duty at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the several duties of customs due and payable by law on the importation of any stich goods into this kingdom from any British colony or plantation in America; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such unmanufactured wood and staves an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the several duties of custoras due and payable by law on the importation of any such goods into this kingdom from any part of Europe, not within his Majesty's dominions, in British-built ships or vessels; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any oil made from fish, or creatures living in the sea, and blubber, whale fins, and spermaceti, being the produce of the fisheries carried on by the people of the said united dates, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom in American ships or vessels, owned and navigated as by this act is required, an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the several duties of customs due and payable by law on the importation of any such goods into this kingdom from countries not under the dominion of his Majesty; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such tobacco so imported, an additional duty of customs, at and after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred pounds weight of such tobacco.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or impose the duty of ten pounds per centum by this act imposed on certain goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom from the

of 5l. and 10l. laid united dates in American ships, on the produce or amount percent. of the respective duties of five pounds per centum, and of ten Geo^r: V/ pounds per centum, granted to his Majesty by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported f om, or brought and carried oaf wife within Great Britain, except wine, and except coals when brought or carried coastwise; and for applying the money to arise by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament^ intituled, Q An act for reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar, towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan granted, or flock created, by any act or acts passed in the iajl fjfwn of parliament

XIII. Provided always, That if any goods or merchandize so

beware housedmPorte^ from the united (fates of America shall be permitted, by without pay- virtue of any act, or adds of parliament in force at the time of such inent of, uty, importation, to be secured in warehouses, without the payment of the additional the duties due on the importation thereof, then and in such case b^payable^till additional duties of customs, by this act imposed, shall not be taken out for payable unless and until Inch goods shall be taken out of such home con- warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in this kingdom.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained (half extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or any wile alter

the

The additional duty of 10l. per cent, not to extend to the dutu s of 5l. an per cent granted Geo. 3. c. 15

If goods be

iumption.

Act not to alter duties

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. 327

the duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or portage, or any other payable to the duties payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the 0^on- city of London, or to the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter any special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

XV. And be it further enacted, "That such of the duties of Buies to be

customs and excise, by this a eft imposed, as shall arise in that m^n^enfent part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the manage- Gf the Wpec-ment of the respevftive of of the customs and excise in tive corrr-England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that missioners of part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the manage- anci

merit of the respective of of the customs and excise in Scotland for the time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties and

That the duties of customs and excise, and the dra whacks of the tc>s

duties of customs and excise upon, for, or in respect of the several forrner ones goods, wares, or merchandize, by this act imposed and allowed, and the goods shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, to be subject collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, orn fQrce, methods, by which the former duties of customs and excise, and immediately drawbacks of duties of customs and excise, upon goods, wares, or before puffing merchandize in general, and also by any or either of the special ^is a<^-means, ways, or methods respecti vely, by which the former duties of customs and excise, and drawbacks of duties of customs and excise, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the same forts or kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, levied, raised, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of customs and excise, or so entitled to drawback of duties.of customs and excise, upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions* and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also all and ev ery the special conditions, rules, restrictions, regulations, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the pa (Ting of this act respecting the revenues of customs and excise, except where any alteration is express.ly made by this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or ad'ts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the passing of this act made for securing the revenue of customs and excise, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained (unless where expressly

328 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796.

altered by this act) shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, pradii fed, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs and excise, and drawbacks of duties of customs and excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as lull and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this acct.

XVII. And whereas, by the said fifteenth article of the treaty heforcmentioned, it is further agreed, that the British government does reserve to itjelj the right of imposing on American' vessels entering into the British ports in Europe, a tonnage duty equal to that which shall be payable by British vefjAs in the ports of America: and whereas it is thought expedient for the present to exercise the power reserved in the said article so far only as relates to imposing a tonnage duty on American ftps entering the ports of his Mayfly s dominions in Europe, equal to the excejs of the duty payable in the ports of the united fates by British ftps, beyond that which is payable by American flips From Jan. 5, entering the same ports; be it therefore enacted, That, from and 1798, as. p-r after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ton to be paid ninety-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto vefle 1 saVriVing an^or u^e °fhis Majesty, his heirs and successors, a tonnage

within the duty, at and after the rate of two shillings of good and lawful limits of any money of Great Britain, for each and every ton burthen of every port in Great fhjp or Vessel belonging to the inhabitants of the united hates n n* of America, coming or arriving within the limits of any port of Great Britain, and that the tonnage of every such ship or vessel shall in case of any doubt or dispute as to the same, be ascertained by admeasurement, in the mode-and manner directed by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year or his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of 'flipping and navigation.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers of the That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers customs may of h^s Majesty's customs to flop and detain every ship or vessel liable to the payment of the said duty, until the said duty is paid as aforesaid; and in case payment thereof shall not be made for the space of three calender months after the arrival of such ship or vessel at any port in this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and fortlte of of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, to cause such ship or vessel, and her masts, apparel, and furniture, to be sold publickly to the best bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied, first, to the charges that shall arise by such detention and lale, next, to the said duty imposed by this acct, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor of such ship or vdfel, or other person duly authorised by such proprietor to receive the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tonnage duty That the tonnage duty hereby imposed shall be paid into the hands to be paid to of the proper officer of his Majesty's customs, at the respective

the port See. Ports or P^ces where such duty shall become due and payable,

detain vessels liable to the duty, and if not paid in three months they may be sold.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. 329

and such duty shall be under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XX. And to the intent that the said duty may he arfwered and

paid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ^r° ?^cer to

officer of his Majesty's customs whatever, or his deputy or clerk, entry out-

atany of the said ports or places in Great Britain where such duty wards until

shall become due and payable, shall, from and after the said fifth a receipt be

day of sJanuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

J the Guty.

take or receive any entry outwards, cocquet, or report outwarcs, J

for any ship or vessel liable or subject to the said duty, nor shall such ship or vessel be suffered or permitted to depart from any such port or place, until the said duty shall be paid, pursuant to the directions of this act, to the respective collectors or other principal officers of his Majesty's customs, authorised to receive the same, and until the respective master or owner of any such

ship or vessel, subject to the payment of such duty, shall fhevv to

such respective officer a receipt for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from Duties to he time to time arising by the several new and additional duties by PaC*nto _the this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and an^ carrjeJ to accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from time the consoli-to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at dated tuncL Westminster, and the said money so paid in as aforesaid lit all be

carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXII. And whereas, by the thirteenth article of the said treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, between his Britannic Majesty and the united states of America, it A, among other things, provided, that the vessels belonging to the citizens of the united states of America -

shall be admitted and hospitaby received in all the sea ports and birbours'of the British territories in the East Indies, and that the citizens of the said united fates may freely carry on a trade between the paid territories and the said united fates in all articles of u-hich the exportation or importation r effectively, to or from the J aid territories^ shall not he entirely prohibited 5 and it is further provided, That the said trade shall be carried on under the regulations contained in the said article, and it is expressly agreed that the vffels of the united, fates shall not carry any of the articles exported by them from the said British territories to any port or place except to same port or place in America where the same shall be unladen, and that such regulations shall be adopted by both parties, as fall from time to time be found neccfary to enforce the due and faithful observance of the above recited fipulation; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be Jaw- The united ful for the ships belonging to the citizens of the united Oates to (fates may-carry on the said trade to the Brit if) territories in the East Indies, terrf

and to import into, and export from the said territories, all articles, tones in the of which the importation or exportation respectively, to or from East Indies, the said territories, shall not be entirely prohibited, in the man- agreeably to ner, and with the privileges and advantages, and subject to the redactions and regulations contained and expressed in the said thirteenth article of the said treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation,

Acts done by the subjtcts of the united ff«\tes or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the said 53th article, tince the final ratification of the treaty, to be lawful.

AH lands,

held in Great Britain or its dependencies by American citizens on Geo. 28, 1795> to be enjoyed agreeably to article nine of the treaty.

Act not to give any right, except such as may be necefidrv for the performance of the stipulations of the said article.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796.

vigation, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, and particularly notwithstanding any provisions contained in an act passed in the tv/elfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of flipping and navigation.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all acts done, or engagements entered into by the subjects of the united Sates, or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the said thirteenth article, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully done, provided the same shall have been clone or entered into since the final ratification of the said treaty, and provided the same migh't have been done and entered into agreeably to the said thirteenth article, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be, in all respects, and to all intents and purposes what-fnever, as if the same had been done, entered into, or had taken place subsequent to the passing of this act, any prohibition to the contrary notwithstanding, and no penalty, forfeiture or disability, of any kind or nature whatsoever, shall be incurred or sued for, for or on account of any such acts or engagements.

XXIV. And whereas, by the ninth article of the said treaty, it was agreed that British subjects, who then held lands in the territories of the said united states, and American citizens, ivbo then held lands in the dominions of his Majesty, should continue to hold them according to the nature and tenure of their respective fates and titles therein, and might grant, Jeif or devise the same to whom they should pUafe, in like manner as if they were natives, and that neither they nor their heirs or a fig us should, so far as might respect the said lands and the legal remedies incident thereto, be regarded as aliens; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the kingdom of Great Britain, or the territories and dependencies thereto belonging, which on the said twenty-eighth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five (being the day of the exchange of the ratification of th, e said treaty between his Majesty and the said united states) were held by American citizens, shall be held and enjoyed, granted, fold, devised, according to the stipulations and agreements contained in the said article \ any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding-

XXV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any right, title, or privilege to any person, not being a natural-born subject of this realm, which such person would not have been entitled to if this act had not been made, other than and except such rights, titles, and privileges as shall be necessary for the true and faithful performance of the stipulations in the said article contained, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, or to give to any person, net being either a natural-born subject of this realm, or a citizen of the said united states, any right, title, or privilege, to which such person would not have been entitled it this act had not been made.

XXVI. And whereas by the said treaty it is further agreed, that

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 97. 331

his Majesty and the united states, on mutual requijiiions by them reffectively, or by their reffective ministers or officers authorised to make the same, will deliver up to justice all persons who being charged with murder or forgery committid within the jurisdiction of either, shall feck an asylum within any of the countries of the other, provided that this shall only be done on such evidence of criminalty as, according to the laws of the place where the fugitive or person Jo charged shall be found, would jitjUfy his apprehension and commitment for trial, if the offence had there been committed, and that the expence of such apprehension and delivery fall be borne and defrayed by those who make the requisition, and receive the fugitive; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case requisition shall at any time be made, in pursuance of Regulations and according to the said article, for the delivery of any person for cirrying charged with murder or forgery, committed within the juris- into effect an diction of the said united states, it shall be lawful for one of his the Tre^ty^ Majesty's principal secretaries of date, by warrant under-his hand mutually to and seal, tofignify that such requisition has been so made, 3nd to deliv r up require all justices of the peace, and ether magistrates and officers persons chart* -of justice, to govern themselves accordingly, and to be ajding and ^ero'r forgery a (Tufting in apprehending the person so charged, and committing such person, for the purpose of being delivered up to justice, according to the provisions in the said article, and thereupon it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, or other person having power to commit for trial persons charged with offences against the laws of this kingdom, to examine upon oath any persons or person touching the truth of such charge, and upon such evidence as, according to the laws of this kingdom, would justify the apprehension and commitment for trial of the person so charged, if the offence wherewith lie shall be so charged had been committed in this kingdom, it final I be lawful for such justice of the peace, or other person having power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the person so charged to his Majesty's goal, there to remain, until delivered pursuant to such requisition, as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's secretaries of state, by warrant under his hand anti leal, to order the person so committed to be delivered to such person or persons as shall be authorised by the said united states to receive the person (o committed, and convey such person to the dominions of the said united states, to be tried for the offence with which such person shall be so charged; and if the person To charged shall escape our of any custody to which he shall be committed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to retake such person in tive same manner as any person charged with any offence against the laws of this kingdom may be retaken upon an escape, so mat such person so charged as aforesaid may be effectually delivered up to justice, according to the true intent and meaning of the said article of the said treaty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall con- Continuance tinue in force so long as the said treaty between his Majesty and of the united states of America flull continue in force, and no longer.

[Preamble.]

Recital of act 31 Geo. a.

59.

Com meters to enter in a book at the corn meter's office every Monday accounts of the wheat worked and delivered by t^em reflectively in the preceding week.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in tbs thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second\ intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so far as the same relates to the assize and making of bread to be sold in tire city of London, and the liberties thereof - and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

[July 4, 1797.]

WHEREAS several of the provisions and regulations in the statute made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who (half adulterate meal, flour, or bread, hove been found defective \ and it is expedient that - other provisions and regulations should be made, and further powers granted, for carrying the purposes of the said act into execution, so far as the same relate to the ajftze and making-of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof.\ and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That each and every corn meter of the city of London, who is or hereafter shall be employed in working, orr measuringmnd delivering out wheat, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal. Exchange, shall and is hereby required weekly, before the hour of twelve of the clock at noon of every Monday, to enter, or cause to be entered, in a book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and kept at the corn meter's office of the said city, according to the form herein after contained in that behalf, a true and particular account, in writing, of all the wheat worked and delivered by each and every such corn meter, in the course of the preceding week, from ships or vessels in the river Thames, or out of ware-houses or other places within the said city, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal-Exchange, to the respective buyers of such wheat or their respective* servants or agents, specifying from what vessels, ware-houses or other places the wheat shall be worked, the names and additions of the respective fellers and buyers thereof, the respective quantities, the corn meter's own name, and the names of the respective lightermen or other persons to whom the wheat shall be delivered; and that the said returns or accounts, so to be entered in the said bock as before-mentioned, shall be entered, made, and kept in the following form, or to the like effect; (that is to say],

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 333

Corn meter's office, London, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

ENTRY of the several quantities of the at worked by the Form of corn sworn corn meters of the city of London in six days; that is to scn- say, from Monday to Saturday both inclusive.

Day of the month. From where worked. Seller's name. Buyer's name. Quantities of wheat. Meter's name. L j N.Cl. man, or to whom delivered.

Whether out of vend, craft, granary, wreiioufe or wharf, mentioning their respective names, (if any), and the names ot tre mailers, owners, or occupiers thereof ieipec-tively. Quarter. Bushe'.

II. And be it further enacted, That weekly and every week, ^v^rY ^on* before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a to^made^ correct return or account of wheat, which shall have been so by the meal entered and made in the said book as aforesaid, for the week weighers, of next but one preceding such Monday, shall be prepared in writ- as^aforesa^l^ ing, according to the form next herein after following, and for the V'eek certified on oath, and delivered to the mayor of the city of London, next but one or left at the cocket office in the mansion house in the said city, preceding such with the proper officer there, by the meal weighers of the said city Monday, of London, or by such other per Tons as the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city shall from time to time direct or appoint, and shall also, before three of the clock in the afternoon cn every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in writing under their hands, in some book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and kept at the town clerk's office in the said city; and that every such return, with the said additions thereto, so to be prepared and delivered, or left as aforesaid, shall be in the following form, or to the like effect; (that is to say),

A correct

334

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

Form opthe A correct RETURN from the corn meter's office, of the eFs*returnsof 9Llanilty of Wheat worked by the sworn corn meters

wheat. of the city of London, from Monday, to Saturday

following, both inclusive.

Day of the month. Seller's name. Buyer's name. Quantities of wheat. Lighterman's name, or to whom delivered.

Corn fa (stor s, 6cc. to deliver, on demand, true accounts in writing, of the quantities and prices, Sec. of the wheat fold and delivered by them respectively.

A return to be made by the meal weighers every Monday, of the quantities and pri-.es of all inch wheat as shall be in* ntioned in the said accounts, for the week next but one preceding, and the average price thereof.

III. And be it also enacted, That each and every corn factor and other person, who is or hereafter shall be a feller of wheat within the said city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, upon demand, weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Friday, to the said meal weighers, or other persons to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, a true account in writing, signed by himself, or his known agent, specifying, according to the be ft of his knowledge and belief, the quantities and prices of all the wheat fold and delivered by or for him from the Monday to the Saturday, both inclusive, in the week next preceding Rich Friday, with the names and occupations of the ie-spechve buyers, and the apparent purposes for which the wheat shall have been fold.

IV. And be it further enacted, That weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a general return or account of the quantities and prices of all such wheat as shall have been fold and delivered as aforesaid, within the said city and liberties, and bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, in the course of the preceding week but one, and mentioned in the said accounts, together with the average price of Inch wheat, shall be prepared from and by means of the same accounts, and in such manner and form as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall from time to time diredi, by the meal weighers of the city of London, or by such other persons as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall from time to time appoint; and shall also, before five of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in writing under

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 335

their hands, in some book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty, and citzens of the said city of London, and kept at the town cleric's office in the said city.

V. And be it further enacted, That every corn facfor or other Corn factors,

person, from whom any such account of wheat, as last before &c. to take

mentioned, is by this act required and directed to be delivered to the °ath, 01 r make the ar-

the said meal weigners, or other persons, to be appointed as f0I-

aforesaid, shall, within one calendar month next after the passing lowing, of this act, or within one calendar month from the time he shall begin to deal by commission in thefaleof wheat, take the following oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm, as herein after mentioned 3 (that is to say),

1 I iJ, do swear [or, affirm], That the accounts which I shall JL hereafter deliver or cause to be delivered to the meal weighers of the city of London, or to such other persons as the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city shall appoint to receive the same, of and concerning the quantities and prices of wheat which henceforward shall be by.or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief, and as far as the Tales and complete deliveries will allow, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the wheat bona fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which such accounts shall respectively refer, with the names and occupations of the buyers, and with the prices thereof respectively, and shall be, to the best of my judgement, conformable in all other respects to the directions and true intent and meaning of an ac>, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affixe thereof, and to punish persons who fall adulterate; meal. flour, or breadf so far as the same relates to the nffize and 'making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and vaithin ten miles of the Rcvai Exchange.'

Which oath or affirmation the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being is hereby empowered and required to administer, and to grant a certificate thereof, to be registered in the town clerk's office of the said city; and every such oath or affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered, without any fee or reward to be demanded or paid for the same; and in case any person shall carry on the trade and business of a corn factor without taking the said oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the directions of this act, every such person so offending shall, on being convicted of such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pound

VI. And be it further enacted, That every baker, and other person making or who shall make bread for sale, within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality,

Penalty on arty person carrying on the business of a corn fuftor, without. taking Inch oath, &c*. 5 °h

Bakers to leave at the cocquet office, every Monday, accounts, in

writing, of all such meal and Hour made of wheat, as shall have been bought by them reflectively, in the week immediately preceding*

Form of baker's weekly accounts.

'4

At ihe file, or upon delivery of meal and sieur, a b* 11 of parcels thereof to be delivered therewith.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required to prepare and leave, or cause to be left, Weekly, before the hour of eleven of the cluck in the forenoon of every Monday> at the cocket office in the mansion house aforesaid, with the proper officer there, a true and particular account in writing under his hand, according to the form herein after contained in that behalf, of all such meal and flour for the purpose of making wheaten bread, as shall have been bought by such baker or other person in the course of the week next preceding such Monday, and that every such account hereby required to be made by any such baker, or other person making bread for fa!e, within the said city of London, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, shall specify the names of the respective sellers of such meal and flour made of wheat, the respective quantities and forts thereof, and the several and respective prices at which the same shall have been actually and bona fide fold, and shall be of the following form, or to the like effect j (that is to say).

An ACCOUNT of all the Meal and Flour (made of Wheat) bought by A. B> of in the parish of

from Monday to Saturday both inclusive, fer the purpose of making wheaten bread, or fit for the same.

Day of the month. Seller's nivme. Number of sacks. Sorts of meal and flour. To what purpose applicable. Prices per lack. TOTAL.

VII. And, for better enabling the said bakers or other persons to prepare such accounts of meal and four as before directed, be it also enacted, That at the sale, or upon every delivery of meal or flour made of wheat to any baker or other person making, or who shall make, bread for sale, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, there shall also be delivered therewith a true and perfect bill of pareels, signed by the seller or sellers of such meal or flour, or his or their known agent or agents,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 337

setting forth the names of the feller or feliers, and buyer, of the

meal or flour so delivered, with the real quantities and prices

thereof, and also the day of th.e month on which the same shall be delivered; and in default thereof every person, being a feller Seller and of such meal or flour, or of any part thereof, and not delivering, defau^tthereof

or causing to be delivered therewith, such true and perfect bill of to forfeit

parcels as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, upon being 40s.

convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; and every person being a buyer of such meal or flour, or of any part thereof, and receiving or accepting the same without such true and perfect bill of parcels as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

VIII. And whereas it has frequently happened that large quantities of meal and flour have been delivered to buyers thereof, \ without any price having been fixed or agreed on for the fanie at the time of such delivery, and sometimes it has been agreed that the prices of meal or flour should, after delivery thereof to the buyer, be fixed according to the price of meal or flour in some future week, and inasmuch as by such means this act might be evacted, or the execution thereof rendered difficult or imperfect, be it therefore enacted, That the prices ^al^ncf8 all the meal and flour made of wheat, which shall henceforward flour to 5e be sold within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or the fixed at the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Ex- time of tale, change, shall be agreed on and absolutely fixed at the time of sale, and before the delivery thereof, and the price or prices of any such meal or flour as aforesaid, which shall hereafter be delivered to any buyer or other person, within the said city or liberties, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, shall not, on any account or pretence whatsoever, be regulated by, or made to depend on the price which meal or flour shall fell for at any time or times subsequent to such delivery; and in case any person or persons shall fell or buy, and any per-or agree to fell or buy, within the said city or liberties, or weekly f°n, felling or bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, other manner any meal or flour made of wheat, contrary to the true intent and to forfeit aoU meaning of the provisions and restrictions last herein-before contained, he or they so offending shall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every baker, or other Bakers to take person making or who shall make bread for sale, within the city of

of London, or the liberties thereof, or within the weekly bills of fixation foN mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, within lowing, one calendar month next after the passing of this al6t, or within one calendar month from the time when he shall begin to make bread for sale, within the limits aforesaid, take the following oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm as herein after mentioned j (that is to say),

Vol. XLI.

'I. A.B.

33S Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

1 T A. do swear [ory affirm]. That the accounts which I shall JL hereafter leave or cause to be left at the cocket office in the manfioa house, in the city of London, of and concerning the meal or flour (made of wheat) which henceforward ('hall be bought by or for me, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the meal or flour (made of wheat) bona fide bought by or for me, within the period to which such accounts shall respectively refer, with the names of the feliers, or persons of whom the same shall be bought, and with the prices respectively, and shall be, to the best of my judgement, conformable in all other respects to the directions of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirtyfltijl year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4C An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to pumflo per-fins who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, " fi far as the same relates to the assize and making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.'

Fenaltyon any \, vhjch oath (or affirmation) the lord mayor of the city of London breaTfoKale^ for t*me being (whether such baker shall reside within the withouttak- said lord mayor's jurisdiction or not) or any other justice of the ing such oath, peace within whose jurisdiction such baker shall reside, is hereby <^cc* authorised and required to administer, upon being duly applied

to for that purpose, and to grant a certificate thereof, to be re-gfftered in the town clerk's office of the said city; and every such oath or affirmation shall be so administered, certified, and registered, without any fee or reward to be demanded or paid for the same; and in case any person shall carry on the trade and bufi-nels of a baker, or shall make bread for sale, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the said oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the directions of this act, every such person so offending shall, on being convicted of such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a general return or account of the quantities, forts, and prices, of all such meal and flour made of wheat, as shall have been bought by bakers and other persons making bread for sale, within the said city and liberties, and bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, in the course of the preceding week, and mentioned such meal and in the fa[<J accounts of meal and flour for that week, together with the average price of such meal or flour, shall be prepared from and by means of the same accounts, in such manner and form as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall from time to time direct, by the meal weighers of the city of London, or by countj-or other persons as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall

wetk^and from time to time appoint; and shall also, before five of the

the average oiotk

price thereof.

A return to be made by the meal weighers every Monday, of the quantities, forts, and prices, of all

Hour made of wheat, as shall be mentioned in the bakers ac-

339

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98.

clock in the afternoon of every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other persons to be appointed as aforesaid, in writing under their hands, in some book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said citvof London, and kep; at the town clerk's office in the said city.

XI. And, for the more effectually enabling the fAd meal weighers or other persons to prepare and render correct such returns or accounts as a for esaid of wheat, and of meal and four made of wheat, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; be it also enacted, That Every buyer every buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour or feher of made of wheat, within the city of London or the liberties thereof, ^e^Qr°fl0^r or within the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles ofmicjeof the Royal Exchange, shall and is hereby required, on reasonable wheat, upon requei't to him or her made by any one or more of the meal request, by weighers of the city of London, or of such other persons who in^ers pursuance of this act shall be appointed as aforesaid, to return and Szdto disclose certify, as hereby is directed, the quantities and prices of wheat, the true prices, or of meal or dour made of wheat, to disclose and make known &c* to such meal weighers, or one of them, or other persons who shall be so appointed, and who shall request the same, the true and real prices which any quantities and forts of wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said city, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, at any time or times within the space of fourteen days then last past, by or for such buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, shall have been actually and bona fide bought or sold at, with all the several quantities and forts thereof, and the several apparent purposes for which the same shall have been bought respectively, together with the occupations of the buyers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to the said court of mayor and aldermen, or for the lord mayor for the court of time being, or for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace act- men^r tord ing for such distiich, from time to time to order and direeft every mayor, to or-or any baker, or other person making or who shall make bread der bills of for sale, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, or the parcels ot weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Ex- ^e ^our change, and to whom, or at whose house or {hop any such bill of duced; parcels 3S aforesaid of meal or flour made of wheat shall have been actually delivered- pursuant to this act, at any seasonable time or times, within the space of fourteen days next after such delivery, to produce, or cause to be produced, such bill of parcels to the said court, or to the said lord mayor, or to the said justices, or to the meal weighers of the said eity, or any or either of them, or to such other person or persons as the said court, or the said lord mayor, shall appoint to inspect the same; and that in every and the same such.case, such baker or other persons to or for whom such order are to be Pr<V shall be given or left, or his servants or agents, shall produce, or j^giy accor cause to be produced, such bill of pareels, pursuant to such order, and the true meaning of this and in case any such baker or Penalty in other person shall not, within seven days after such order loallbe case, of default,

34° Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

so given tp, or left for him, produce, or cause to be produced* such bill of parcels accordingly, he or they so offending shall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said weekly returns or accounts of wheat, and of meal and flour made of wheat, to be in lieu of hereby directed to be made and given in as aforesaid, shall be in so much only lieu and (lead of so much only of the weekly return or account, of the weekly by the said recited act directed to be given in and certified, of the ^iredV6 the Pr*ces w^ch t^e several kinds of grain, meal, and flour, shall fell a<Et 31 Geo. a. forn mar^ets or places in London, where such grain, meal, and flour shall be publickly fold, as relates to wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat; but nevertheless such last mentioned return or account of other grain than wheat, and of other meal and flour, which shall be sold in London, shall be no longer considered as necessary to be given in and certified under the said recited act, unless the said court of mayor and aldermen, or the lord mayor of the said city of London for the time being, shall at any time or times order the same to be given in and certified as such directs.

The weekly returns hereby directed.

as relates to wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat.

Directions for computing the quantities.

The assize of bread to be set every Tuesday by the court of mayor and aldermen, or if such court shall not (it, then by the lord mayor:

either from the price of wheat, or from that of flour;

XIV. And, for the more easily and effectually carrying of this act into execution, be it enacted, That in all returns to be made pursuant to the directions of this act, the quantities of corn and grain shall be computed by the bushel of eight galions, commonly called or known by the name of The JVtnchefer Bushel, and flour shall be computed by thesack, which shall contain five bushels, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight.

XV. And be it further enacted, That weekly, on every Tuef day, being the next day after every weekly return or account of wheat for the week next but one preceding, shall be delivered or left by the said meal weighers, or other persons as aforesaid, and being also the next day after the said returns of accounts of meal and flour made of wheat for the week next preceding, shall be delivered or left by the bakers or other persons making bread for sale, within the said city, or liberties thereof, or bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, as before-mentioned, the assize and weight of all bread to be made of the flour or meal of wheat, and fold or exposed to sale by any person or persons, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (except as next herein-afrer is excepted), and the prices to be paid for the lame bread respectively, shall from time to time be set by the said court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, if the said court shall then fit, and if such court shall not then fit, then by the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, either from or according to what shall, by means of the said return or account of wheat, appear to be the then average price of wheat fit for the making of wheaten bread, or from or according to what shall, by means of the said returns or accounts of flour and meal, appear to be the then average price of flour and meal fit for the making of wheaten bread, as near as possible,

according

Daki

j. p

oein

per

Toi

and

per

s.

5

5

5

5

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

8

8

9

9

9

9

9

io

lO

IO

IO

11

11

I [

11

1 2

12

*3

13

13

13

13

34

14

H

14.

1796.]

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98.

34i

LE of the Price and Assize of BREAD from the Price of WHEAT; and from the Price of FLOUR.

THE PRICE TABLE.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

When tl Price ie Average a of Flour j BREAD.

% < Is return. ed from the Market at Add Baking 1 is. 8d. per Sack. Price of Peck Loaf To weigh 17lb. 6 cz- Price of Half-Peck Loaf To weigh 8 lb. 11 oz. Price of Quartern Loaf To weigh 4lb. 5 0 % 8 dr.

Total Price

Per Sack. and Baking per Sack. Wheaten. Household, Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household.

d. S. d- s. d. s. d. j. <7. s. s. d. r. d.

25 0 36 8 I IO 1 4 O 11 O 8 0 Si 0 4

26 8 38 4 I 11 I 5 0 Hi O 8i O si 0 4i

28 4 40 0 2 0 1 6 I 0 O9O 6 0 4i

30 0 41 8 2 I I 7 I o- O 9i O 6i 0 4l

3i 8 43 4 2 2 I 8 I 1 O 10 O 6i 0 5

33 4 45 0 2 3 19I it O 10-i O H O 5

35 0 46 8 2 4 1 10 I 2 O 11 O 7 0 Si

36 8 48 4 2 5 I 11 I 2i O ni 0 n O si

38 4 5° 0 2 6 2 0 I 3 1 b O 7 i 0 6

40 0 51 8 2 7 2 1 I 3r 1 °k O '4- 0 6i

4i 8 53 4 2 8 2 2 I 4 I I O 8 O 6k

43 4 55 0 292 3 I 4i I H O 8i 0 61

45 0 56 8 2 IO 2 4 I 5 I 2 O H O 7

46 8 58 4 2 11 2 5 I 5» I 2i 0 81 0 7i

48 4 60 0 3 0 2 6 I 6 I 3 090 7 i

50 0 61 8 3 1 2 7 I I 3i 0 9i 0 7i

5i 8 63 4 3 2 2 8 I 7 1 4 0 9\ 0 8

53 4 65 0 3 3 4 29I 7i 1 4 t 0 91 0 8 4

55 0 66 S 3 2 IO I 8 I 5 0 10 0 84

56 8 68 4 3 5 6 2 11 I H I 5i 0 I04 O 8i

58 4 70 0 3 3 0 I9I 6 0 I0i O 9

60 0 7i 8 3 7 3 1 I 9i 1 6i 0 10i 0 9i

61 8 73 4 3 8 3 2 I IO 1 7 0 11 0 9i

63 4 75 0 393 3 I 30k I 7i 0 JIT 0 9i

65 0 76 8 3 10 3 4 I 11 I 8 0 11 \ 0 10

66 8 78 4 3 11 3 5 I lli I 8i 0 nl 0 104

68 4 80 0 4 0 3 6 2 0 I9I 0 0 104

7o 0 81 8 4 1 3 7 2 1 9z I 0 i°i

7 1 8 83 4 4 2 3 8 2 1 1 10 I o-k 0 11

7 '3 4 85 0 4 3 392 3i I 3°i I °1 0 nl

75 0 86 8 4 4 3 10 2 2 I 11 I 1 0 Hi

76 8 88 4 4 5 3 11 2 2i I ni I 15 0 111

78 4 90 c 4 6 4 0 2 3 2 0 I i- I 0

80 0 91 8 4 7 4 1 2 3i 2 °i I 13 4 I

81 8 93 4 4 8 4 2 2 4 2 1 I 2 I °i

83 4 95 0 494 3 I 2 4i 2 3i ] 24 I °i

85 0 96 8 4 10 4 4 2 5 2 2 I 2i 1 i

86 8 98 4 4 ii 4 5 2 5i 2 2i I 21 I 3i

88 4 100 0 5 0 4 6 2 6 2 3 I 3 I 3i

90 0 101 8 5 1 4 7 2 6-- 2 3i I 3-J I*1 4

91 8 ic3 4 5 2 4 8 2 7- 2 4 I 3i I 2

93 4 i°5 0 5 3 492 _ 1 / 2 2 4r I 31 I 2i-

95 0 jc6 8 5 4 4 IO 2 8 8-5 2 5 I 4 I 2

96 8 108 4 5 5 4 11 2 2 Si I 4i 1 21 1

98 4 110 0 5 6 5 0 292 6 i 4i I 3 1

Articles of Assize and Pi B R E A p.

The Penny- Loaf To weigh The Two-penny Loaf To weigh The Three-penny Loaf To weigh Tl- Six-p Lo To w ie 'enny af Sink. The Twelve-penny Loaf To weigh. The Eighteen-penny Loaf To weigh.

Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household. Wheaten. Household.

oz. dr. oz. dr..lb. oz., r/r, oz., dr A Ib.i CZ i A-. lb. oz. < dr. lb., oz. dr. lb. oz., aV. t lb. oz., c//'. lb., OZ. 1 r/r. lb. oz. dr. /A oz. dr.

1 I 2 IO 17 6 192 2 I2I 2 5 14 3 4 2 4 11 3 3 6 8 497 IO '3 0 84 3 7 39 8 3 2

2 12 1 16 5 1 8 2 2 O 1 '1 2 4 4 3 1 c 4 8 8 6 2 191 0 t 2 4 3399 1 8 6 5

3 I I9]5 7 I 7 2 I H M 2 2 12 2 14 5 4 5.8 5 i 2 10 8 11 0 1195 13 0 8 37 6 0

4 I 1 1 H 10 I 6 3 1 13 4 2 1 5 i 2 11 3 4 4 2 11 5 7 1 2 8 5 7 IO 159t 2 8 2 16 7 3

5 IO 11 1 3 14 I 5 6 I 11 1 2 2 0 291)4 0 2 5 3 6 8 0 4 l°, 6 12 1 2 0 7 3 5 10 3

6 IO 4 13 3 1 49I IO 7 I 14 '4 2 7 i 1 3 13 12 4 15 6 7 11 8914 13 t 195 l4 34 4

79H 1 2 10 I 3 13 I94 13 i 2 2 5 3 4 3 11 C 4 11 J3 7 7 297 10 1 1 2 11 4 3 7

899 12 1 1 3 2 I 8 2 I 1 2 12 2 4 4 398 4 8 8 7 3 091 0 10 12 8 1399

994 11 9' I 2 S I 7 2 1 11 12 2 2 1 2 3 794 5 8 6 15 3 8 11 0 ro 6' 12 '3 0 8

io 85 11 1 1 14 I 6 3 1 IO 14 2 1 5 3 5 12 4 2 11 6 1 198 5 7 IO 1 b 12 8 2

11 8 11 IO 11 I 1 6 I 5 6 1 10 i 2 0 1 3 4 2 4 0 2 I 6 8 4 8 0 4912 6 12 0 7

12 8 6 10 4 I 0 13 I 49194 1 H 34 3 2 8 3 13 12 I 6 5 i 7 11 897 io 2195

33 8 29H I 0 5 I 3 13 1 8 E 1 13 12 3 1 0 3 119! 6 2 1 7 7 293 2 11 2 J1

34 7 3599 0 15 M I 3 2 1 7 13 1 1 2 12 2 35 10 398: ' 1 i 5 15 5 7 3 0 8 14 1 5 IO 12 8

35 7 1194 0 15 7 I 2 g 1 7 2 1 11 12 2 34 5 3 7 9i ! 5 12 10 6 15 3 8 1 1 0 IO 6 1 2

16 7 8 8 35 0 15 0 I 1 14 1 6 S 1 10 C I 2 3 3 1 3 5 32« 1 5 10 2 6 1198 7 3 10 1 6

17 7 5 8 11 0 H 10 I 1 6 55.t 1 10 2 11 14 3 4 2 5 7 12 6 8 4 8 3 io912 6

18 7 2 8 6 0 H 4 I 0 13 I 5 194 2 10 12 3 2 8 5 5 8 6 5 3 8 0 497 IO

39 6 15 8 2 0 13 H I 0 5 4 13 1 8 8 2911 3 1 0 5 3 6 6 2 1 7 1 3 193 2

20 6 j 2 7 15 0 13 8 0 1 5 14 I 4 5 1 7 3 3 2 8 IO 2 35 10 5 1 5 5 35 5 7 IO 0 8 14 15

21 697 11 0 33 3 O 15 7 I 3 13 1 7 2 2 7 11 2 34 5 4 15 6 5 12 IO 7 7 2 8 11 0

22 6 7 7 8. 0 12 M O 15 0 1 3 6 1 6 8 2 6 12 2 3 3 1 4 1395 10 2 7 4 5 8 7 3

23 6 5 7 5 0 12 10 O 34 ic I 2 3 5 1 5 35 2 5 34 2 11 14 4 11 13 5 7 12 7 1 11 8 3 IO

24 6 2 7 2 0 12 5 O H 4 1 2 8 1 5 6 2 5 1 2 10 12 4 IO 2 5 5 8 6 15 3 8 0 4

6 0 6 15 0 12 1 O 13 H 1 2 2 1 4 13 2 4 4 2911 4 8 8 5 3 6 6 1 2 12 7 33 1

26 5 H 6 12 0 11 1 3 O3 8 1 1 1 1 1 4 5 2 3 7 2 8 1 o' i 4 6 IS 5 1 S 6 1 0 7 7 10 0

27 5 12 690 119O 33 2 I 1 6 1 3 3 3 2 2 12 2 7 13j ! 4 5 8 4 15 6 6 8 4 7 7 2

28 5 10 6 7 0 11 5 O 1 2 14 I 1 c 1 3 6 2 2 c 2 6 1 2 1 4 4 1 4 1396 6 1 7 4 5

29 S 8 6 5 0 11 1 O 12 1° 1 0 IC 1 J 5 2. 1 S 2 5 14 4 2 13 4 11 13 6 4 1 7 1 11

30 5 7 6 2 0 \o 14 O 12 5 I 0 5 1 2 8 2 0 11 2 5 3 4 1 6 4 10 2 6 2 1 6 15

31 5 5 6 0 0 110 1 1 O 12 1 1 0 c 1 2 2 2 0 1 2 4 4 4 0 2 4 8 8 6 0 3 6 12 j 12

32 5 3 5 34 0 io 7 O 11 13 0 15 I 1 1 1 1: 1 15 7 2 3 7 3 14 15 4 6 5 5 3 4 6 6 IO 7

33 5 2 5 12 0 to 4 O 11905 n J 1 6j 1 14 34 2 2 12 f 3 13 12 4 5 8 5 1 2 10 6 8 4

34 5 0 5 10 0 IO 1 O 11 5 0 15 2 1 i °i 1 14 5 2 2 0 3 12 3C 4 4)5 IO 3 5 6 6 1

35 4 T5 5 8 - 0914 O 11 1 0 H 14 1 0 10 1 1 33 12 2 1 5 3 1194 2 11 595 6 4 1

36 4 H 5 7 0912. O 10 14 0 l4 IC 1 0 5 1 3 3 4 2 0 11 3 IO 8 4 1 6 5 7 12 6 2 1

37 4 12 5 5 09c O IO 11 0 H t 1 0 0 1 12 12 2 0 3 398 4 0 2 5 6 4 6 0 3

38 4 11 5 3 09t 0 IO 1 0 H 2 0 35 11 1 12 4 1 15 n / 3 8 8 3 34 35 5 4 3 3 5 14 6

39 4 IO 5 2 094 0 10 4 0 13 34 05 7 1 11 12 1 J4 34 3 793 3 3 )2 5 3 6 5 10

40 4 8 5 0 09} 0 IO 1 0 13 IC 05 2 1 11 5 1 14 5 3 6 11 3 12 1C } 5 2 0 5 10 3 5

41 4 7 4 15 0 8 35 0914 03 7 0 H M'3 10 14 1 13 12 3 5 12 3 11 ( l 5 0 1 1 h9J 3

42 4 6 44 0 8 13 091' 0 13 3 0 14 10' 1 to /' 1 3 3 4: 3 4 15 3 10 \ 4 15 6 5 7 1 2

43 4 5 4 12 0 8 11 099 0 13 c 0 3 4 L 1 1 10 1 1 1 2 12 ! 3 4 2 39\*4 14 2 5 6 4

44 4 4 4 11 0 8 8 096 0 12 13 °4 2 »19K 1 1 2 4 13 3 c 3 8 < I 5 4 12 3 5 5 4 1 3

45 4 3 4 IO 0 8 6 094 0 12 K 10 13 E; H 494 1 11 12 3 2 i 3 7 ( > 4 11 13 5 3 6

[This Table is to face page 341.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 341

according to the table herein after contained; and that the assizes and to take of bread which shall be so respectively set, shall take place upon Thu^fda0"^-and from the Thursday next ensuing, and be in force for the said lowing, and city of London, and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of be in force mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (the city for the cit7 of Westminster, and liberties thereof, the borough of Southwark, {hTlIberti^s^ and the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, ex- thereof and cepted), until a new or other assize of bread, in London shall be weekly bills set; and that after the fixing or setting of every such assize of of mortality, bread by the said court of mayor and aldermen, or by the lord j.be°

mayor of the said city for the time being, when the said court Royal Ex-shall not fit, the assize so from time to time set shall, with all change, convenient speed after the setting thereof, be made publick in (Westminster, such manner as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall order or direct; but before any advance or reduction shall in any week the bnis of be made in the price of bread by the said court of mayor and mortality in aldermen, or the mayor of the said city for the time being, the Surrey ex-meal weighers of the said city for the time being, or such other ^be^ub* persons as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall from time lifted forth-to time appoint to return the quantities and prices of wheat, and with, of meal and flour made of wheat, shall leave in writing, at the common hall of the company of bakers, in the said city of London, ^vane^or a copy of the then last returns of the quantities and prices of re'duction, wheat, and of meal and flour made of wheat, which they shall can be made, make and enter in such book or books to be provided and kept the meal at the town clerk's office as aforesaid, some time of the same day ^leave^at^ on which such meal weighers or other persons shall make such bakers hall, return and entry as aforesaid, to the intent that the said company a copy of the of bakers may, the morning of the next day after every such last returns, return and entry shall be made, and before any assize shall be set, from time to time have an opportunity to offer to the said court of mayor and aldermen, if such court shall then fit, and if such court shall not then fit, to the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, all such objections as the said company of bakers shall have and think fit to offer against: any advance or reduction being that day made, in London, in the price of bread.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from The assize and time to time, when and so often as the said court of mayor and fetac* aldermen, or the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, cording to the shall set the assize of bread in execution of this act, the assize and table here-weight of the bread to which such assize shall relate, and the unto annexed, prices to be paid for the same respectively, shall as near as can be set and ascertained according to the following table, instead of the table directed to be made use of by the said act of the thirty — first year of King George the Second;

[The Table to face this page.]

not to be sold at the same time as pecks, halspecks, and quarterns.

Any corn meter, corn factor, baker, meal weigher, &c. who shall neglect his duty, See.

and e^ghteeh- any P^ace or places within the city of London^ or the liberties penny loaves, thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange aforesaid, where any sixpenny, twc.vepenny, or eighteen-penny loaves, shall at any time be ordered or allowed to be made or fold, no peck, halt peck, or quartern loaves, shall be permitted or allowed at the same time to be there made or fold, left any of those forts of loaves might be sold designedly, or otherwise, for some other or others, of them, to the injury of unwary people; and every person who shall offend herein shall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit a turn not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, shall from time to time think (it.

XVIII. And be it likewise enacted, That if any corn meter of the city of London, or any corn fa61 or, baker, or other person, being or who shall be a feller of wheat, or maker of bread for sale, within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, cr the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, or any meal weigher of the city of London, or other person or persons who, in puriuan.ee of this act, shall be appointed by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city to certify and return the quantities and prices of wheat, or of meal and flour made of wheat, shall in anywise neglect, omit, or refuse to nuke, deliver, or leave any such entry, account, or return, as is by this act required or directed to be made, delivered, or left by him or them respectively, according to the true intern and meaning of this act, or shall clefignedly or knowingly make, deliver, or leave, or cause to be made, delivered, or left, any false entry, return, or account, as ancjTor any such entry, return, or account, as is required by this act, or if any constable dr other peace officer shall refuse or neglect to observe or obey any warrant in writing, which shall be delivered to him, under the hand and leal of any magistrate or justice of the peace, or to do any other act requisite to be done by him or them for carrying this act, or any of the powers or authorities hereby given, into execution, then every person so offending in any of the premises, on being convicted of any such offence, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he or they shall so offend, and be convicted of any such offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any buyer or feller cf, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, within the said city or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, on reasonable request to him or her made by any one or more of the meal weighers of the city of London, or - by any one or more of such other persons who, in pursuance of this act, shall be appointed as aforesaid to return and certify, as hereby is directed, the quanti-

to forfeit not exceeding iol.

Any buyer, Sec. who shall refuse to dif-close true prices.

ties and prices of wheat, or me a

and flour made of wheat, shall refuse

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 343

refuse to disclose and make known to such meal weighers, or either of them, or such other person or persons who shall be so appointed, and who shall request the lame, the true and real prices which any quantities and forts of wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, which shall have been bought or sold within the said city or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, at any time or times within the space of fourteen days then last pass, by or for such buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, Avail have been actually and borta side bought or sold at, with all the several quantities and forts thereof, and the several apparent purposes for which the same shall have been bought respectively, or shall knowingly give in to any fuGh meal weigher or other person, who shall be appointed in pursuance of this act to return and certify, or receive the quantities and prices of wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, any false or untrue price or prices of any wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, bought or sold, or agreed so to be, or knowingly give any untrue account of the quantities or forts of such wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, or of the apparent purposes for which the same respectively shall have been bought, then and in every such case, he, flic, or they so offending, on being convicted of any such offence by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or solemn-affirmation of any credible witness or witnesses, being a quaker or quakers, or on the confession of the party accused,

shall forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offendere cee in^ 10

or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he, she, or they shall so offend, and be convicted of any such offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the court of mayor When any and aldermen of the city of London, or the lord mayor of the said ^efuf city for the time being, shall, at any time within the space of pCfteci to fourteen days after any such return or account as aforesaid of made, the wheat, or of meal or flour, shall have been made, have reason court. See. to believe that the same was not truly and bona fide made, then may himmon and in any such case it shall be lawful for the said court of mayor iTkely^give and aldermen, or the said lord mayor for the time being, or of information, any of his Majesty's justices of the peace adding within the limits &c. he rein-be fore mentioned, to summon before them or him any person or persons then residing within the jurisdiction of the said court, who shall have bought or sold, or there shall be reason to believe have bought or sold, or agreed to buy or fell any wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, within the said city, or liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, or who shall be thought likely to give any information concerning the premises, and to examine such person or persons respectively upon oath touching the rates and prices which the several quantities and forts of wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat, or any of them, were then really and bona fide fold for, or bought at, or agreed so to be, by him, her, or Persons for-swearing themselves, subject to be

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

them respectively, or by any other person or persons, at any time or times within the space of fourteen days preceding the summoning of him, her, or them so summoned respectively; and if any person or persons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear <30 such summons (and proof shall be made on oath of such summons having been duly served upon him, her, or them for that purpose) or if any person or persons so summoned shall appear, and neglect or refuse to answer on oath such lawful quefxions pouching the premises as shall be proposed to him, her, or them, by the said court of mayor and aldermen, or the said lord mayor for the time being, or by the said justice or justices, without some just or reasonable excuse, to be allowed of by such court, or lord mayor, or justice, he, she, or they so offending, on being convicted of any such offence, either by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or his, her, or their own confession, before the said court of mayor and aldermen, or before the said lord mayor for the time being, or such justice, shall, on every such conviction, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as such court, or lord mayor, or justice, shall think fit and order; and if any person who shall be so examined on oath, or in taking any other oath directed to be taken by this act, shall wilfully forswear him or prosecuted for herself, every such person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted

perjury.

Bakers, &c. not to use al

as for perjury, by indictment or information by due course of law, and if convicted shall be liable to the penalties persons coir, idled of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no baker or other lum in makin Person ma*ng or wh° shall rnake bread for fa]e, within the city of bread1 for^of London, or the liberties thpreof, or the weekly bills of morta-sale, lity, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any journey-

man or other servant of any such baker or other person as last-rpentioned, shall at any time or times hereafter, in the making of bread for sale, put any allum, or preparation or mixture in which allum shall be an ingredient, or any other preparation or mixture in lieu of allum, into the dough of such bread, or in any wise use er cause to be used any allum in the making of such bread, on any account, or under any colour or pretence whatsoever, upon pain that every such person, whether master, or journeyman, or other person, who shall knowingly offend in the premises, and shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or bvthe oath of one or more credible wit-

C '* J

°h^Tri n t nC^S or w*the^es> shal], on every such conviction, forfeit and pay exceedm^iol. any ^um money not exceeding ten pounds, nop less than five nor less than pounds, or shall, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands 5]. or of im- and seals of the magistrate or magistrates, justice orjullices, prisonment before whom such offender shall be convicteci, be apprehended fix^nonthsin^ an<^ committed to the house of correction, or some prison of the nor less than county, city, borough, or place, where the offence shall have two. been committed, or the offender or offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. 345

months, from the time of such commitment, as any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause the offender's name, place of abode, and offence, to be published in some newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the city of London, or the liberty o\ Westminster, and to defray the expence of publishing the same out of the money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be so forfeited, and shall be paid or recovered.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Wardmote ful for the several wardmote inquests of the said city of London, bakers from time to time, and at all seasonable times in the day time, to fliops, &c. to enter into any house, shop, stall, bakehouse, warehouse, outhouse, weigh and try or other place, of or belonging to any baker or seller of bread, bread, and within their respective wards, to view, weigh, and try all or any

of the loaves of bread which shall be there exposed to or for sale, deficient, and if any of the loaves of bread so exposed to or for sale, or which shall be which shall be carrying or conveying to or for any dealer therein, disposed of by or consumer thereof, shall be found to be wanting, either in the ^ates^1 " goodness of the fluff whereof the same shall be made, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due weight, (such weight to be ascertained within twenty-four hours after such bread shall have been baked), or shall not be truly marked according to the directions of the act of parliament, made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, such wardmote inquest, or any four or more of the persons composing the same, within their respective wards, shall and may seize such bread, and after seizure thereof shall, with all convenient speed, cause the same to be carried to any magistrate or magistrates of the said city of London, who shall and may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their discretion shall think fit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- okftru&in" Tons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any search herein-before fCArch or*authorised to be made, or the seizure cf any bread which shall he seizure of found upon any such search, or the taking or carrying away the bread, from same, he, she, or they, so doing or offending shall, upon being to 2, 03# convicted thereof in manner as by the said last mentioned act is directed, forfeit and pay, for every offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit to order.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no corn meter, meal weigher, or other person who shall be employed or concerned in spe&eci or the preparing, making, or keeping, of any such general returns made known, of wheat, or of flour or meal made of wheat, as are by this act except to such required and directed to be made, shall, on any account or pre-

jtence whatsoever cause or permit such returns, or any of them, to as such Ve-be inspected by, or any of the particulars thereof respectively to turns are in-

be tended to be

3

mfpeded and examined by, on penalty from iol. to »al.

Certain ciaases, pro-v'dions, and directions, in

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

be rmde known to any person or persons without the order of the lord mayor for the time being of the city of London, for that purpose first obtained, save and except only such magistrates, officers, and other persons as such returns are intended to be inspected and examined by from time to time, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, for the purpose of carrying the same into execution; and every person who shall offend herein, shall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lei's than ten pounds, as the magiftr3te or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, shall from time to time think fit.

XXV. And be it also enacted, That the clauses, provisions, and directions, contained in the said in part recited act of the thirty-first year of King George the Second, for empowering

thetaiJrecited magistrates to hear and determine offences against the said act in a fumrnar)' wa>S and summon and examine evidences, and con-vi<?c offenders, and for recovering penalties and otherwise punishing offenders, and for authorising persons thinking the nlfeives aggrieved to appeal to the justices at the general or quarter sessions of the peace, and the clauses and directions in the same ad contained for protecting and indemnifying magistrates and other officers under the said act, shall respectively extend and relate to this present act, and, so far as the same are applicable to the purposes of this act, shall be exercised for putting this act in execution, and enforcing the provisions and directions thereof, in such and the same manner as if the same several clauses were herein contained, and at large re-enacted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That aft magistrates, and all other persons whomsoever, shall be entitled to and have all such other the privileges, protedions, and indemnifications, in all respects whatsoever, for what they shall lawfully do in putting this act in execution, as they are entitled to and have by the laws already enacted and now in being relative to the making of bread, and felling, or exposing the same to or for sale, for putting the said laws in execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, letters of advocation or of suspension, shall be granted to remove any conviction or ocher proceedings had thereon in pursuance of

under this act. this act.

Limitation of

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That prosecutions. no person shall be convicted of any offence under this act, unless Offenders con- the prosecution in order for such conviction shall be commenced Wll^m l°urreen days after the oflence committed; and that no for the same person who shall he prosecuted to conviction for any offence offence under done or committed against this act, shall be liable to be prosecuted nny other for the same offence under any other law.

*aw, T

XXIX. And be it also enacted, That all penalties and forfei-

Application of ^ures by this act inflicted shall, when recovered or paid, go and be pena ties. disposed of in manner following; (that is to say), One moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders shall be convicted, either by hisj her, or their confession, or by the oath of one or more

Privileges, indemnities, &c. to magi strates.

No Certiorari, See. shall be granted to remove proceedings

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 99 — 101. 347

credible witness or witnesses, shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform against and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders, and the other moiety thereof, or in case there be no such person informing, then the whole thereof,

shall go and be paid or applied to or for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offence shall be committed, or the party convicted, as the justice or justices, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall in his or their discretion think ft.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Preservation act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prejudice ol

any right or custom of the city of London, or the practice there used, or any right or cultom of any lord or lords of any leet, to set, esquire, and punish the breach of assize of bread within their respective leers, or views of frankpledge, or the rights of any clerk or clerks of the market in any place.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commen redirections, regulations, powers, and authorities of this act shall meat of this commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and per- a<* formed, immediately from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, unless otherwise efpe-

daily directed by this act.,

CAP. X.CIX.

An act to revive and continue the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty'-hxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fi flier its carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits the importation and exportation of certaingoods, wares, and merchandizes, in foreign ships, into and from the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua; and lb much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidltonc geneva; and also so much of an act, made in the jthirty-iifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time, —

[July 4, 1797.]

Act 26 Geo. 3. C. 26 revived from Jan. i, 1797, and continued for two years So much of 33 Geo 3. c. 50. as respects the port of Saint John's m Antigua continued until July io, 1801. Meliks. Bishop maf make Maidstone geneva until July 5, 1799, subject to the present duties. So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. as was to continue until July 5, 1797, further continued for a year.

CAP. C.

An act for extending the Monmouthshire canal navigation; 2nd for explaining an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

[July 4, 1797.]

CAP. CL

An act for enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen, for building new quays, wharfs, and docks, and for making new roads and pallages, and widening others leading to and from the said harbour.

[July 4, 1797.]

348 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102. [1796.

CAP. CII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diflilkries in the several parts of the highlands ^/"Scotland herein particularly described^ for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distillers in the respective dt/lrifts in Scotland.

[July 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, T T 7your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. The following That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for additional the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect to beS<aidXhi^e ^evera^ matters and things herein after mentioned, over

Scotland; and above all the duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

On licences granted after July 5. 1797, for tredling Hills in the highlands within the limits specified in 33 Geo.

3. c. 61. (except as herein after described), for each gallon of the contents, where barley, Sec. of the

For and upon all licences which shall be granted by the commissioners of excise in Scotland, at any time after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the eroding, keeping, and working dills in the highlands of Scotland^ within the counties, parts of counties, and limits, in a certain ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of distillers in Scotland, and the exportation of British-m ade spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time, particularly specified and described, except such part of the said highlands of Scotland as lie within the counties, parts of counties, and places, herein after particularly specified and described, the additional duties following; that is to say, Upon every galion, Englifo wine measure, of the cubical wth within cont^nt or capacity of each and every such dill, (including the she said llmitT head and every Part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other is used, 61. apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomi-ics. per ann.: nation the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed in diddling and drawing off spirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the several and respective counties, or parts of counties, mentioned in the said act, except as aforesaid, the additional composition, licence duty, or sum, after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings for one year:

And for and upon all spirits which shall be manufactured from suchlicensed dill over and above the quantity limited by this act.

an

and for each gallon distill-td above a

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102. §49

an additional duty of four shillings and four-pence for each gallon limited quan-of such surplus spirits, to be paid upon demand by the diifiller tlt^ 43*4* thereof:

And for and upon all licences which shall be granted after the On licences fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by the said of, for the erecting, keeping and work- parts herein-ing, (tills in such parts of the said highlands as lie within the after specified, counties, parts of counties, and places, herein after particularly for each gal-specified and describsd, the additional duties following; (that'is to say,) Upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical where barley, content or capacity of each and every such still, (including the See. of growth head and every part thereof, and of any horn* pipe, tube, or other within those apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno-

mination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam*can afeend), which, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing off spirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the several and respective counties, or parts of counties, and places, herein after particularly specified and described, the additional composition, licence duty, or sum, after the rate of four pounds for one year:

And for and upon all spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed still as last mentioned, over and above the annual above a quantity limited by this act, an additional duty of two shillings limited qtiui-and eight-pence for each gallon of such surplus spirits, to be paid tity, aa. 3d* upon demand by the distiller thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several duties by this Powers of 33

aft imposed shall be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and a*n^'^j

paid, by such persons, in such manner, and by such ways andothera£s means, and under such management, and under and subject to relating to the such rules, regulations, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, and distilleries in with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and cepfothermfe forfeitures, and with and subject to such powers, and to the like ^reded) to allowances and directions, and by such methods, and in such extend to this manner and form, (except where otherwise expressly directed or act. provided by this act), as by the said act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of made spirits from

England to Scotland, and from Scotland tp England, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force concerning distilleries in Scotland, is directed or prescribed; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, conditions, and directions, mentioned and contained in the said act or acts respectively, (except as aforesaid), shall be practised and put in execution for the raising, levying, recovering, securing, or paying, the duties by this act imposed in manner in the said acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the duties by this act imposed, (the necessary charges of raising exchequer,

and

to the consolidated fund.

350 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102. [1796.

pud carried and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at WesJminj}eri and the said monies so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried toand made part of the consolidated fund. Uie^dutiesU

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the

monies arising or to arise by the said duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be palied, in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall during the continuance of this add, be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly Duties, with and apart from all ocher branches of the publick revenue; and others granted that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all licences granted since

for the same purpose- to be kept separate.

Licences granted between Dec. i, 1796, and July 5,

1797' to cease from the latter day, and on being delivered up by July 2s, a proportion of the duties to be returned, if the full quantity of spirits f peel -fied in recited act shall not have been distilled.

Stills within certain limits to be lieenk d for a year, from July 5,

J79 7* on payment of 4l. additional duty;

the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or to be granted before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the creeling, keeping, and working flills, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, cease and determine, in and throughout all the counties and parts of counties and districts, in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty particularly described and specified as the highlands of Scotland, save and except as to any arrears of the said duties which may, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain in arrear and unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before that day; and all and every person or persons so licensed, who shall deliver up such licence to be vacated before or on the expiration of twenty days after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (provided such distiller or distillers shall not have distilled the full quantity of spirits specified in the said a<S! of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty), shall upon the delivery of such licence as aforesaid, be entitled to a return of a part of the duty paid thereupon for the present year, in proportion to the period of the year then unexpired.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Hills so to be licensed to be set up in the counties, parts of counties, and places, herein after mentioned and described, that is to say, In any place which lies to the wefhvard or northward of a certain line or boundary, beginning at the east point of Loch Crinan, and proceeding from thence to Loch Gilpin; from thence along the great road on the west side of Loch Fine, to Inver ary, and to the head of Loch Fine; from thence along the high road to Arvo char, in the county of Dunbarton, and from thence to Tar bet; from Tarbet, in a supposed

Tonole strai3ht

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102. 351

straight line eastward, on the north side of the mountain called Benlomond, to the village of Calendar of Monteith, in the county of Perth; from thence north-eastward to Crieff\ from thence northward along the road by Ambleree and Inver, to, Dunkeld-y from thence along the foot and south side of the Grampion Hills to Fetter Cairn, in the county of Kinkardine; and from thence northward* along the road, by Cutties, Hillock, Kincardine, O'NealClatty Huntley, and Keith, to Fockahars; and from thence west ward, by and Forres, to the boat on the river Find horn; and from thence down the said river to the sea of Findhorn, and any place in or part of the county of Elgin, which lies to the southward of the said line from Foehabars to the sea at Findhorn, shall be licensed for the term of one whole year, from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payment of the composition or licence duty, at and after the rate of ^hia four pounds, in addition to the duties already imposed thereon any, other by any act or acts in force on and immediately before the passing part of the of this act, for each gallon Englifl) wine measure of the content high lands, or capacity of such hill; and all {tills so to be licensed to be fetjn lip in any other part of the said highlands of Scotland, asdescribed c. 6 in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present payment of Majesty, except the countiec, parts of counties, and places herein* 61- 10$ a^Uli-before particularly specified and described, shall be licensed for the like term as aforesaid, on payment of the composition of licence^cfthur*duty, at and after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings, in ad- contents, dition to the said duties already imposed thereon as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ennded, That if this noc'c'jntinu-ad shall not continue in force during the whole period of thcjnforjea' year for which such licences as aforesaid shall be granted, every year, a pro-distiller so to be licensed, shall be intituled to a return' of a part of portion of the the duty paid thereupon in proportion to the unexpired period ^t^ned^&c of the year for which such licences shall be granted, remaining 7

at the expiration of this act, provided such distiller shall nor have diHilled the full quantity of spirits specified in this act for which such licensed duty is hereby declared to be a composition.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further ennded, That no (Till Limits withio within the counties, parts of counties, or places herein-before particularly described, and specified to be luhjed to the duty at leased, the rate of four pounds by this act, shall be licensed to be set up or worked nearer than two English statute miles within the said line 6r boundary, nor within any part or place within the counties of Elgin or Banff, not being distant from the neared part of the sea shore more than three English statute miles; and that no {fill within any other part of the said highlands, as described in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, without the counties, parts of counties, and places hereinbefore particularly specified and described, shall be licensed to he set up or worked nearer than two English statute miles within and from the said line or boundary, as described in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no still No still to be

(haJ1 licensed to

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 102.

[179^6*

ciiftil from shall be licensed to be set up within the counties, parts of coun-

bmoVth^e*ties> or P^2CCS ^re'n-before particularly specified and described,

growth of for distilling or drawing off spirits from the barley, beer, or certain limits, bigg, of the growth of any county or place without the line or boundary herein-before particularly specified and described; and that no (fill shall be libenfed to be set up in any other part of the said highlands, without the line and boundary herein-before particularly specified and described, for the distilling or drawing off spirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of any county or place not within the said highlands, as described in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Ma-dUtiUer"on je^7> an<^ ft any licensed distiller within the counties, parts of

buying or counties, and places herein-before particularly specified and de-

using barley, scribed, shall import or bring, buy, receive, or use, for the pur-

&c. not of the pose of distillation, any barley, beer, malt, or grain, not being lu^h n^ihts growth and produce of those counties, or of those

parts and places of counties, only which are herein-before particularly described and specified; or if any licensed distiller in any other part of the said highlands of Scotland, not being within the counties, parts of counties, or places herein-before particularly specified and described, shall import orbring, buy, receive, or use, for the purpose of distillation, any barley, beer, malt, or grain, not being the actual growth and produce of the counties, parts of counties, and places only, which are by the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty particularly specified and described as the highlands of Scotland, every such distiller shall forfeit twenty shillings per bushel for all such grain or malt, and also his or her current licence, and (bill and utensils, and upon being convicted thereof shall be incapable of ever afterwards receiving another licence as a highland distiller.

Spirits passing- X. And be it further enacted, That no spirits, the manufacture limits* to be" to ^et UP within any of the counties, parts of

forfeited, with counties, or places herein-before particularly specified and de-the vessels, scribed, shall be allowed to pass out of the said limits with or

&c* without permit, either by land or water, across the line or

boundary herein-before specified, or from the coasts or ports of any of the counties or districts included within the said line or boundary, and that no spirits, the manufacture of (bills licensed to be set up within any other part of the said highlands without the said counties, part of counties, and places herein-before particularly specified and described; shall be allowed to pass out of the said highlands, as described by the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, with or without permit, either by land or water, across the line or boundary in the said act expressed, or from the coasts or ports of any of the counties, parts of counties, or places within the said highlands, as described as iaft aforesaid; and that all spirits distilled within the respective limits in this act, or in the said act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty described, that shall be found passing to or in other parts without those respective limits, or from the coasts of the said kingdom, either with or without permit* shall be liable

to

Hoste

353

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c.

to seizure by any officer or officers of customs or excise in England or Scotland reflectively, and shall be forfeited and lost, together with the casks, vessels, and other packages, containing the same; and also the vessels and boats, horses and other cattle and carriages made use of in the removal or conveyance thereof; and if any licensed distiller shall fend or carry, or knowingly per- D^j]]ers ac^ mit or suffer to be sent or carried, from his or her distillery or ing contrary* other place, any spirits distillechby him or her under such licence, hereto, to for-contrary to this act, every such licensed distiller, shall, for every fat°°b such offence, forfeit and pay the sum'of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the additional ^a"^ltfor composition duty, after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings vv\nchthe°r imposed by this a<?c, shall be paid by a ft ill of forty galions, such additional duty shall be held to be a composition for the duty on dry malt, duty shall to the extent of f\ve hundred bolls Linlithgow measure, or three he deemed a thousand bushels, and no more; and when the additional compo-'*

fition duty, after the rate of four pounds, imposed by this act,

shall be paid for a Till of forty galions, such duty shall be held to be a composition for the duty on dry malt, to the extent of four hundred and fifty bolls Linlithgow measure, or two thousand seven hundred bushels, and no more; and-where any such composition duty shall be paid for any still of a lesser size the like proportion shall be observed as to the quantity of malt for which such duty shall he held to be a composition; and that for all malt which shall be used or made by any distiller paying the composition duties last mentioned, there shall be paid by such distiller the same duties to which the entered maltster shall be then liable by the laws of excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of two acts, So much of pasted in the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth years of the reign his present Majesty, as enadls, that every officer of excise who 2g Q*eo> should in that part of Great Britain called Scotland seize and bring c. 46. as to condemnation any still by those acts made liable to seizure and grants rewards forfeiture, (except in case of such still or stills being seized on the offi^ers^seizin discovery of any other person in the manner therein-dfter speci-^qjg

sted), should be entitled to a reward of two shillings and sixpence persons dif-sterling for every gallon of the content or capacity-of such still, covering stills including the head thereof, to be paid out of his Majesty's duties f^zure°and in Scotland\ upon an order from the said commissioners of excise, inflicts* which order the said of.where thereby authorised and punishment required to grant; provided nevertheless, That such reward should on officers not exceed the sum of twenty-one pounds sterling for any one still so seized as aforesaid; and if any person (not being an officer aruJ grants* of excise) should make discovery of any still liable to seizure and rewards to forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the lame should be seized and persons mak-condemned, such person or persons should be entitled to a re- of^c^r?eaint ward of one shilling and sixpence sterling for every gallon or the fc^repeakd. capacity or content of such still, to he paid on the condemnation thereof; provided also. That such reward should not exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten shillings for any one still so forfeited >as last aforesaid; and the officers or officer of excise by whom the Vol. XL!. A a same

354 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

same should be seized should also be entitkd to a reward of one shilling (le cling for every gallon of the content or capacity of such {fill, so that such lad mentioned reward should not for any one {bill exceed the furri of ten pounds and ten shillingsJlerling, and that such several rewards should be paid by order of the said commissioners of excise as aforesaid; and if by reason of the small size of any such dill or dills the said of of excite should think any of the rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said of should and they were thereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective sums aforesaid, and also so much of the said act as further enacts, that if any officer of excise should, for the space of twenty-four hours after he should have received information of such dill being un- lawfully ereided. used, or kept, or of any worts, wash, tilts, or low wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in diltil-lation, wilfully neglect to feizo the same respectively, every such officer so offending should, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fact to the satisfact ion of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, be dismissed from his or their office, and should never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any office or place of trud whatever, and should moreover forfeit and lose all such salary as should be due to him at the time of his dismission; and in case the person or persons making such complaint should be the same person or persons who gave the information as aforesaid to the officer or officers so dismissed, such person or persons should be entitled to a reward of'one shilling and sixpence sterling for every gallon of the contents or capacity of the said dill or dills, to be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise out of the revenues of excise; shall be and the same and every part thereof are hereby repealed.

Continuance

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several regulations ©fach anc| provifjons of this act shall continue'and be in force until

one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

Cap. cm.

An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been found, from experience, that the well ordering and di/ciplining the militia in England and Wales, has essentially contributed to the fcifety of the united kingdom: and whereas it would further contribute to the same purpose, and tend to repel any attempt which the enemies of this country may make to e ffeft a defeent upon this kingdom, if a well ordered and disciplined militia were established in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland: and whereas the laws now in being for the regulation of the fenable men, or militia, in Scotland, are defective and ineffectual: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with Hie advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 355

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several lieutenants whom his The lieute- Majesty has already been pleased to constitute and appoint, or whom he hereafter may or shall from time to time be pleased to together, and constitute and appoint, for the counties, stewartries, cities, and causetobe places, herein after mentioned, shall have full power and autho- trained, cer-rity, and are hereby required to call together, array, and cause ^nd th^anci to be trained and exercised, such persons, and in such manner as deputy is herein after directed and the said lieutenants, and such per- lieutenants, fons as they have appointed* or shall from time to time appoint, and officers, their deputy lieutenants, and also such persons as his Majesty shall from time to time appoint to serve as colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and such officers as shall be appointed by the lieutenants of the counties and stewartries pursuant to the directions of this act, qualified as herein after directed, shall have the power and authority to call out, train, discipline, and command, Lieutenant to the persons To to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, command^ orders, and directions, herein after mentioned: provided always, whj]ft the mi-That the lieutenant of every county, stewartry* city, or place, litia remains shall have the chief command of the militia thereof, whilst they within the

remain within the said county, stewartry, city, or place, or whilst, J J.1- wnillt not m-

they remain separate and not incorporated into battalions by his corporated.

Majesty's commands, as herein after directed. f

II. And be it further enacted, That when any county or flew- the*

artry shall furniffi men sufficient for one or more complete com- officers to

pany or companies, the captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, of companies,

such company or companies shall be appointed by the lieutenant Lirnished by, x. j a* j one or more of such county; and where the men so furnished mail not be fuf- than two

ficient for a company, the lieutenant of the county furnishing the counties*

greatest fractional part of such company shall appoint the captain*

the lieutenant of the county furnishing the next most considerable

fractional part shall appoint the lieutenant; and the lieutenant of the county furnishing the next most considerable fractional part

shall appoint the eniign.

III. And be it further enacted, That where the men furnished

by two counties only are required to form one company, or the two CoUaties, fractional part of a company, the lieutenant of the county furnishing the largest fractional part of such company shall appoint the captain*and the lieutenant of the other county fir all appoint the lieutenant and ensign.

IV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may from Lieutenant to

time to time signify his pleasure to his lieutenant, to displace, ^'3

any deputy lieutenant or commissioned officers in the militia ap- o^rs^viion pointed by the lieutenant, and thereupon the lieutenant shall pjs Majesty so displace such deputy lieutenant or officers accordingly. pleases.

V. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant Lieutenant to for any county, stewartry, or place, may and shall appoint a appoint a clerk for the general meetings within such county, stewartry, or

place, and may displace such clerk if he shall think fit, and ap- |n', g. " point another in his room; and the deputy lieutenants, at their^deputy first: meeting within their respective sub-divisions or districts, or the lieutenants

a a 2

major one for districts.

356 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

His Majesty may authorise three depu* ti s to act when the lieutenant is out of the kingdom, or when there shall be no lieutenant.

Revocation of the lieutenant's commission not to vacate those granted by him.

Rank of the officers.

Qualification of officers, except within Edinbu rgh and its liberties.

major part of them present, may and shall appoint a clerk for their sub-division crdistrict, and may, at any other meeting within their sub-division or district, displace such clerk, if they, or the-major part of them present, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the lieutenant of any county, stewartry, city, or other place, shall be out of the kingdom of Great Britain, or when there shall be no lieutenant, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants of such county, stewartry, city, or place, to do all acts, matters, and things, which might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant; and the same shall be good and valid in the law as if dene by the said lieutenant himself.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no commission of any deputy lieutenant, nor any'commission of any officer of the militia already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant was appointed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the officers so appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the officers of such of his Majesty's forces as are liable to serve out of Great Britain as youngest of their rank.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all persons to be appointed officers of militia in pursuance of this act (except within the city of Edinburgh and its liberties) shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, Every person so to be appointed a colonel or lieutenant colonel shall be possessed of an estate in property of four hundred pounds Scots valued rent in Scotland, or shall be heir apparent of some pei lon who shall be possessed of an estate of four hundred pounds Scots of valued rent as aforesaid; and each person so to be appoimH a major or captain shall be in like manner possessed of an estate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be possessed of an estate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued rent as aforesaid, hr shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was in like manner possessed of an estate of four hundred pounds Scots of Valued rent as aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds sterling, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds sterling; and that each person so to be appointed a lieutenant or ensign shall be in like manner possessed of an estate of one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was in like manner possessed of an estate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued tent as aforesaid, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one thousand pounds sterling, or shall be foil of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was possessed of a personal estate of one thousand pounds sterling: provided always, That one moiety of such real effaces as aforesaid, required as qualifications for each

colonel,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 357

colonel, lieutenant colonel, major captain, lieutenant, and ensign respectively, shall be situate or arising within such respect % tive county or stewartry in which he shall be so appointed to serve.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if a sufficient number of lieutenants and ensigns cannot be found, ^f0yn^ qualified as aforesaid, to accept of commissions in the militia to officers in the be raised, it shall be lawful for the said lieutenants to appoint for army, &c. that service such a number of the officers in the army, whether

on full or half pay, or of persons who have had commissions in nakems. any of his Majesty's regular or fencible forces, ' or in any volunteer corps in Scotland, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, such officers not to be appointed, on their fit ft appointment, to any higher rank in the said militia than they respectively have, or have had, in his Majesty's other regular, fencible, or volunteer forces*

XI. And be it further enacted, That no commissioned officer

shall act as such until he shall have left with the clerk of the peace ]eaJe t^ejr of the county or stewartry for which he shall be so appointed, a qualifications specific description, of his qualification, as is herein-before re- with the clerk quired, in writing, signed by himself; and such clejrk of the ^Centered peace shall enter the same upon a roll to be kept for that pur- on a rossi pose; which roll shall be open to the inspection of every person at common and usual hours, without fee, gratuity, or reward of, any kind.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every lieutenant and Lieutenants, deputy lieutenant of the several counties and stewartries, and o^ersS^0°^ the city of Edinburgh, and every commissioned officer of the said ta^e^ Within militia, shall, at some general quarter sessions of the peace, or six months, before the sheriff depute or substitute of the county for which the tollowing the y are appointed to-serve, or before any of the magistrates of Edinburgh, within six calendar months after he shall have

accepted his commission, take the following oath:

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will be faithful oath.

JL and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George.

So help me GOD.'

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall execute any Penalty on of the powers hereby conferred as field officers in the militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or who shall not take the oath afore- qualified, said, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred or have not pounds sterling; and if any person shall execute any of the powers taken the hereby conferred on captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, 0Atil* and shall not take the oath aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit and pay, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, one moiety whereof shall go to the use of such person or persons who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed; and in every action, salt, or information, brought against any person for acting as a commissioned officer in the said militia, not being qualified as herein-before described, the A a 3 proof

Officers may be promoted by the lieute -

358 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

proof of his qualification, or of his having taken the oaths, shall be upon the person against whom the said action shall be brought: Peers, or their provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall restrain rentS ma^act or Prevent any Peer Scotland., or heir apparent of any such peer, without being from being appointed or acting as a commissioned officer in the qualified. militia, within the county, stewartry, city, or place, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall have some place of residence, although he may not have the qualification hereinbefore required, or to oblige shy peer of this realm, or any heir apparent of such peer, who shall be appointed a commissioned officer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, stewartry, city, or place, for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That any officer may be promoted, on account of merit, in the said jnant for their militia, when called out and assembled by the lieutenant of any merit, though COunty, stewartry, city, or pface, from a lower to a higher not qua 1 e.commission, notwithstanding he should not have the qualification maS ^ncor^o re<lui^lte for admission into such higher rank of the militia; rate the mili- an^ t^iat be lawful for his Majesty, in the case herein after

tia of several provided/or, of judging it in his wisdom expedient to incorporate counties, and together the militia of several counties, stewartries, cities or places, into one or more battalions, to promote any officers in the said different militias to serve as field officers in such incorporated battalions, on account of merit, though not having the qualification necessary for such higher rank.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the acceptance of an appointment to be a lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or-of a commission in the said militia, shall not vacate the feat of any vacate feats member returned to serve in parliament, nor shall any such ac-parliament. ceptance or appointment, or any such commission, render any person whatsoever ineligible to serve in parliament; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Number of the

XV. And be it further enacted, That the number of private private militia men to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be six thousand, to men. be apportioned and divided over the several counties, stewartries,

cities, and places, as his Majesty by order in council shall diredf.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the method for carrying into execution this act, to be observed in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall be as followeth; that is to say, His Majesty's lieutenant for each county, stewartry, city, or place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall meet at some burgh or principal town of the county, stewartry, or place, for which they shall be commissioned, on the first day of August, and shall at their first general meeting appoint sub-divisions or districts of the deputy lieutenants, within their respective counties, stewartries, boroughs, and places, and the times and places for their first meetings, within the said sub-divisions or districts respectively, and the time and place for a

second

promote officers to be field officers therein on account of merit.

Appointments in the militia not to

Method of carrying the act into execution.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 359

second general meeting, and shall issue out their orders to the schoolmaster of each parish, and to the chief constable, and where there is no chief constable to some other officer of the several districfts, parishes, or other divisions, within their respective counties, flewartri.es, or places, to require, by orders under their hands, the said schoolmaster, constable, or other officer of each parish or place, within their respective districts, paristies, or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieutenants, within their respective sub-divisions, at the place and on the day appointed at the said first general meeting, fair and true lifts in writing of all the men usually and at that time dwelling within their respective parishes and places, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-three inclusive, distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from serving as militia men, having first affixed a true copy of such lift on the door of the church belonging to such parish or place, on the Sunday morning before they shall make such return; and on the day and at the place so respe£Hvely appointed as aforesaid for the returns of the lifts, the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any onejustice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace and the schoolmasters of the parishes within the said fub^division or districts, or such of them as are able to attend, so assembled in their sub-divisions or distritfts, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his name inserted in such lids, or by any others being omitted) direct such lids to be amended, as the case shall require, and also the names of all persons by this act respectively excepted to be struck out of the said lifts, and shall appoint the times and places for their second meetings, within their respective subdivisions, and shall return to the second general meeting all the lifts for the several parishes and places so amended, at which said second general meeting his Majesty's lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or in the absence of his Majesty's said lieutenant, any three or mere deputy lieutenants, shall order copies to be made of all the said lifts, and such copies to be returned to the deputy lieutenants at their second meeting within their subdivisions or distriers, wherein the par idles and places for which such lids are made and returned are reflectively situated.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or, Lieutenant to failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants assembled at tranliniteothe their second general meeting, shall transmit to his Majesty's privy council an account in writing, signed by him or them, of men re_ the true state of the number of persons returned in the lifts afore- turned, to be said, on receipt of which his Majesty, by order in council, shall divided over forthwith apportion and divide over the several counties, dewart-ries, cities, and places, the number of militia to serve for such council; county, stewartry, city, or place, io as not to exceed the num-

a a 4 ber

360 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

ber of six thousand men over that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

on receipt of

XVIII. And be it farther enabled. That the lieutenant, or, balloUobe3, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall, upon had as herein receipt of such order in council, containing an apportionment of directed. the number of men to be raised in each county, (fewartry, city, or place, transmit a copy of such order to the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with two justices of the peace, assembled at their second meetings with such schoolmasters as are able to attend, who 111 a 11 proceed to ballot in manner following, videlicet, the names of all the militia men in each parFfh, written or printed on distinct pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, shall be put into a box or other vesse], and shall there be shaken together, and then a number of names equal to the number apportioned by the order in council aforesaid, shall be drawn out and opened by the person presiding at the meeting; which names shall be entered in a roll, and declared to be the quota of militia men for the parish, and shall, in like manner, proceed to ballot for each parish reflectively within the said sub-division or district, a copy of which roll or rolls, subscribed by the person presiding at the meeting, shall within three days thereafter be transmitted to the lieutenant, or, failing him, to the deputy lieutenants authorised to act for him, and shall also be affixed by the minister of each parish to the door of the church the fir 1*1 Sunday thereafter.

Deputy lieu-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenant tenant to give of the said district, or other person appointed by the lord lieute-^ersons^al^ nant' shall give notice in writing by a constable, or other officer lotted to at- duly authorised by him, to' the several militia men balloted as tendatacer- aforesaid, by serving them personally, or by leaving the same at tain time and their usual places of abode, to attend at a certain time and P*ace* place to be specifed in the said order; and also such militiamen

shall duly attend at the time and place so mentioned, and in default thereof shall suffer the lame pains and penalties as are in such cases herein after directed and imposed.

Persons bal-

XX. And be it further enacted, That every person so chosen. lotted, or by bailot, or approved as a substitute as is herein after directed,

fubfbtutes, to qiaq tabe and subscribe the following oath, to be administered take the foU.

by the deputy lieutenant, or other person appointed by the lord

lieutenant for that purpose:, v

c T B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith-jL ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the defence of the famer during the present war, when called upon by his Majesty to do so, and for the fjrace of one calendar month after the end thereof/

And

lowing

cath,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 361

And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and and to be in-there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of suchrolled# county, stewartry, or city, as a private militia man, during the present war, and for the space of one calendar month after the end thereof: provided always, That if any person so chosen by ballot f>erf°jls bab shall produce a substitute able and fit for fcrviee, and who shall f^d^substi^ be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more tutes, who, if of them, such substitute being unmarried, and having no children approved, shall born in lawful wedlock, so produced and approved, shall be be enrolled enrolled to serve in the militia of such county, stewartry, city, or anworn* placej and such substitute shall take the oath before mentioned; and if any person so chosen by bailot, and who shall have been enrolled in the said militia, shall at any time during the continuance of this act produce for his substitute any person of the description before mentioned, who shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of such militia to cause such substitute to be enrobed in lieu of the person.so chosen by bailot, which enrolment shall be made in the manner hereinbefore directed; and upon the inrolment of such substitute as aforesaid, the person so chosen by ballot shall be entitled to his immediate discharge.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen Persons bal-by bailot, according to the directions of this act, (not being one^tted, anc? of the people called Quakers, shall refuse or neglect to appear ^o^forfeit and take the said oath, and serve in the militia, or to provide a 101.; and if substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said not paid, may oath, 'and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every such be compelled -person so re filling or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum oft0 the* ten pounds sterling, and whenever any ballot shall take place in the same parish or place, under the authority of this act, be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute, and in default of payment of such penalty, or for want of sufficient eftedls whereon to levy the same, the name of such person shall be entered upon the roll for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve in like manner as any ether person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same punishments for afterwards abfcondsng or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia man.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the schoolmatter, or Allowance to

such constables and other officers in each parifo as are employed be made the in carrying this act into execution, shall have such allowance for the' their trouble as the sheriff depute or substitute of each county or fntoWecu^ stewartry shall think reasonable, certifying the same to the lieu- tion. nant of the county, or deputy lieutenants of the distridL

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any parish Inhabitants of _ shall lie in two or more counties or stewartries, the inhabitants of such parish shall serve in the militia of that county or stewar- ties, to serve try wherein the church belonging to such parish is situated, and in that where-

that in the church is situate.

362 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

that such parish shall, for all the purposes of this act, be deemed part of the county or stewartry.

Lifts for two

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for added tcTe^t^le deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within ther °*their respective districts, to add together, whenever they shall think necessary, the lifts for two or more panfhes, and proceed upon such lifts added together in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish or place, so as to make the choice of militia men by bailot, within every such district, as equal and impartial as possible.

Certain per-

XXV. Provided always, That no person serving as acom-fons exempted miftioned officer in any regiment, troop, or company, in his

from serving.

Regulations respecting Edinburgh and irs liberties.

Majesty's other forces, or in any corps of volunteers raised by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, and who shall have been duly entered therein, on or before the passing of this act, or in any one of his Majesty's castles or forts, nor any non-commissioned officer or private man serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, or in any! volunteer or yeomanry corps, troop, or company whatever, provided he hath been duly entered therein on or before the passing of this act, and provided he hath punctually attended at all such times and places as may have been agreed upon for the exercise of such corps, troop, or company, nor any of the professors in any of the four universities, nor any minister, clergyman, or schoolmaster, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor any person being and having been, on or before the pasting of this act, an articled clerk, apprentice, seaman, or seafaring man, nor any man having more than two children born in lawful wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve in the militia to be raised by virtue of this act; but no person who has served in his Majesty's forces, or in any other volunteer corps before mentioned, and hath been discharged, or quitted the same, shall by such service be exempted from serving, or providing a substitute to serve in (he militia to be raised by virtue of this act, if he shall be cholen by ballot.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within the city and county of the city of Edinburgh and liberties thereof, the lieutenant thereof shall appoint captains lieutenants, and ensigns of militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men to be raised for the same; and all powers and provisions made by this act, with respect to counties and stewartries, and the modes and times of summoning and ballotting the militia thereof, and recording the qualification of officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said city and its militia; and the registering of qualifications, and the value of the qualifications of the officers to serve in such militia, shall be as fellows; every held officer shall be either proprietor or possessed of heufes and other property, within the said city and

liberties

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 363

liberties thereof, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds fter-ing, or shall be possessed of a personarestate, or funds alone, or proprietor or possessed of real and personal estate and funds together, to the amount and value of two thousand pounds sterling; and every captain shall be, in like manner, proprietor or possessed of houses or other property, within the said city and liberties thereof, of the yearly value of fifty pounds sterling, or shall be possessed of a personal estate, or funds alone, or proprietor or possessed of real and personal estate and funds together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds sterling; and every sub-altern shall, in like manner, be proprietor or possessed of houses or other property, within the said city and liberties thereof, of the yearly value of fifteen pounds sterling, pr shall be possessed of a personal estate, or funds alone, or proprietor or possessed of real and personal estate and funds together, to the amount or value of three hundred pounds sterling: laving always and reserving to the royal college of surgeons in Edinburgh, all rights, immunities, privileges, and exemptions, of which the said college may have been and frill are in the lawful pofsection, and the benefit of any act or acts of parliament pasted heretofore in their favour.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to form the said militia into such regiments and battalions, militia as he and to join such counties, stewartries, cities, and other places, shall thinkcx-together for that purpose, as he shall think expedient, and in the psdient. manner bed adaped for the defence of the united kingdom, and

to be commanded by such officers as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, qualified as herein-before directed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Deputy lieu-for the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace within any tenants aj\d sub-division or districts, or any two or more of them, one deputy Squire thtT lieutenant being one, from time to time to issue their order or attendance of warrant under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of const.ibles, the constable, borough officer, or other officer of any parish or ^c* mj!7 place, within such sub-division or districts:, at such time and place thelt^for neg-C as in such order or warrant shall be expressed; and if any such ie& of duty, constable, borough officer, or other officer, shall refuse or

negletSt to^ appear according to such order or warrant, or shall

refuse or neglect to return any such lift as before directed, '

or to comply with such order or directions as he shall from time

to time receive from the said depury lieutenants and justices of the peace, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this act,

a deputy lieutenant always being one, or shall, in making such

return, be guilty of any fraud, or wilful partiality, or gross

neglect in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered

and required to commit the person so offending to the common

gaol, there to be kept for the space of one calendar month, or,

at their discretion, to fine such person in any sum not exceeding five pounds sterling, nor iefs than forty shillings sterling.

364 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

Volunteers may be accepted as the quota of a county.

&c,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding of this act, if the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, of any county, stewartry, city, ' 'or place, shall, within the space of thirty days from and after the first general meeting appointed to be held under this act, make a return of a certain number of able and sufficient men, and out of such-county, stewartry, city, or place, who are willing voluntarily to engage to serve together in a company or companies, regiment, battalion, or other corps, under officers appointed from such county, stewartry, city, or place, during the present war, and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland only, then and in that case such volunteers shall be accepted in full or in part of such quota as would otherwise by this act be imposed on such county, stewartry, city, or place. Pevfonsbal-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every person chosen lotted mu ft by ballot to serve in the militia shall be liable to such service

itrye, though though be may have removed from the place where his name

from the was in^erted in the lift, provided he was residing in such place at

places for the time when the lift was, according to the directions of this act,

which chosen, prepared; and every person liable to serve in the militia, having more than one place of residence, shall serve for the county, stewartry, city, or place where his name shall have been first ijjferted in such lift- as aforesaid; and the clerk to the sub-division or district meeting, to which such lift shall be returned, shall, if such person requires the same, grant a certificate, gratis, under his hand, that such person's name was inferred in such lift, and specifying the time when such lift was made and returned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being one of the people called Quakers^ shall be chosen by lot to serve in the militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the oath aforesaid, and to serve in the said militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved of as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the substitute of such quaker, then, and in every such case, any three- deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with anyone justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, shall, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit person who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the said militia as the substitute of such quaker; and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, are hereby empowered and required to levy, by distress and sale of the goods and effects of such quaker, by warrant under the hands of any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any deputy lieutenant together with two justices of the peace, such sum or sums of money as shall be necessary to defray the expences of providing and hiring such person to serve in the militia during the war, and for one calendar month thereafter, as the substitute of such quaker so refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducting the charges of

Substitutes may be provided for quakers, and the expence levied by distress.

- by

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 365

such distress and sale, to such quaker upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case any measures shall Q^kyrs be used in making such distress as aforesaid, which may be by any themselvesop-such quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such quaker pressed mayF to complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the appeal, peace at their next meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any servant whatever, hired by the year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a militia man, tes between and any dispute shall arise between his-master or mistress, ^em- iervantsin-plover or employers, and such servant, touching any sum or sums rolled as mi-of money due to such servant for or on account of his service performed before the time of such swearing and inrolment, or to ^-g^j-efp^ctu^ such time as, under the condition of the said swearing and inrol- wages, ment, he shall be obliged to quit the service of his said master or mi ft refs, employer or employers, by being called out to join the militia in which he shall have been so sworn or enrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the said service, to any justice of the peace for the county, stewartry, city, or place where such master or mistress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant, in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do not exceed the sum of twenty pounds sterling; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any sum so ordered, by the space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such justice shall and may id lie forth his.and their'warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and effects of such master or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any person who Substitutes

shall receive money from any other person to serve as his substi- who

0r, appear to be

tute in the militia, and shall neglect to appear at the meeting tore-

appointed as aforesaid for swearing the militia men, or before turn the

some one deputy lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to bounty rao-

the directions of this act, every such person so neglecting to

appear and be sworn, such neglect being proved before any two ceedin^ 20s.

deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace, by the oath of one or be commit-

credible witness, shall be obliged to return the money to the ted.

person or persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay to such person or persons any sum not exceeding twenty

shillings sterling, at the discretion of the deputy lieutenants or

justices of the peace aforesaid; and if such offender shall not

immediately return the money so by him received as aforesaid,

and likewise pay the said penalty, he shall be committed to the

common gaol or house of correction, until the said sum shall be

returned.

366 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer, serjeant, or other person, shall at any time wilfully and knowingly inlist any man to ferve1 in his Majesty's other forces, who

Inlisting of a militia man into his Ma-ji fly's other forces to be void.

Penalty on

at the time of such inlisting shall be called out and serving in the militia, embodied and incorporated as aforesaid by his Majesty's order, every such inlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in

ing to irilift, denying that they are mili tia men, &c.

enf^v, rner" ca^e any than, at the time of offering to inlist as aforesaid,

shall deny to the officer or serjeant, or other person recruiting for men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other forces, that he is at the time of his offering to inlist a militia man then actually called out and serving in the militia embodied and incorporated as aforesaid (which the said officer, serjeant, or other person is hereby required to ask every man offering to inlist in his Majesty's other forces), or shall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, every militia man so offending shall, on conviction thereof, upon the oath of one witness, before any one justice of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain, without bail, for and during any time not exceeding six months, over and above any penalty or punishment to which such person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable 3 and every person so offending, from the day on which his engagment to serve in the militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as 'a soldier to such corps of his Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so inlisted; and if any officer, serjeant, or other

Penalty on

ingly^nlifthiV Person any man belonging to the militia to serve in

militia men b his Majesty's other forces, knowing him to belong to the militia, intoother re- every such officer, serjeant, or other person shall, for every such gin cents, and offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds sterling; and ferin^to^erve^any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, as substitutes shall offer himself to serve and be enrolled as a substitute in the in the militia, militia, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the person informing of such offence, the sum of ten pounds sterling, or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall give orders to any serjeant, drummer, or other person serving in the militia, to beat up in any city, town or other place, for volunteers to serve in the militia, the person who shall give such orders shall, upon proof thereof, and upon such beating up as aforesaid, upon oath before any justice of the peace, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds sterling, One moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of the person who shall make information thereof before any justice of the peace; and if such serjeant, drummer, or other person shall refute to declare upon oath before such justice from whom he received such orders, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his h; nd and leal, to commit such fe'jeant, drummer, or other person, to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

Penalty on persons ordering serjeants, See. of the militia, to beat up for volunteers;

and on the ftjjeants. See. for refilling to declare who gave them ordu s.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii Hr. c. 103. 367

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of all Copies of rolls, sub-division or district meetings shall, within fourteen days after

every sub-division or diffr'ufl meeting, transmit to the clerk of the to general meeting of the county, stewartry, city, or place, fair and transmitted true copies of such rolls as shall be signed at such meeting. to the clerk

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the money arising ^t.^fngener^ by penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militta, or to

find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied, by any two p^i^foro or more deputy lieutenants within their respective sub-division or refusing to' districts, in providing substitutes for the persons who shall have serve, &c. paid such penalties, which substitutes shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same term, and on the same conditions as is herein-before provided in the case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by bailot; and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the respective regiments, battalions, or independent companies in which such persons ought to have served as militia men, and be applied as part of the regimental stock.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, in the County lieu-execution of this act, when any matter or thing is directed to be tenants, &cv enquired of or examined into upon the oath of any witness or wit- J^ea70athsUli" nestes, before any lieutenant of any county, stewartry, city, or place,

or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such oath to any witness or witnesses; and all other oaths to be taken in pursuance of this act shall and may be respectively administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the several The militia, counties, stewartries, cities, and places, where the number of'Y^ere^l^" men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments con- formkl°iivo sifting of not more than twelve, nor Jess than eight companies, regiments; of eighty private men to a company at themost, and sixty private

men at the least; and the field officers of such regiments shall be as follows; (that is to say), One colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia men shall amount to a number under eight, and not left than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of such battalion shall be one lieutenant colonel and one major only; and where the number of private men shall amount to any number under five, and not less than three companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel or major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company: provided always, That it shall be lawful for every battalion, -consisting of live companies or upward, to have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants shall be appointed instead of one lieutenant and one ensign; and it shall be lawful for every regiment, consisting of eight companies or upward, to have one company of

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103, [1796.

grenadiers and one company of light infantry; to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed instead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the several counties, stewartries, cities, and places, where the number of militia men shall not be sufficient to form a regiment or battalion, according to the intent and meaning of this add, the militia of such counties, stewartries, cities, and places, shall be formed into independent companies, each company to consist of eighty private men at the most, and sixty private men at the lead:, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to each company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion, or batta-10ns, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or bat-lion, or incor- talion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such porate them.

with other regiments.

and where not, into independent companies.

His Majesty may form independent companies into a batta-

County lieutenants may act. as commanding officers of regiments, ecC.

The senior officer to be inverted with the powers of the colonel during his abfeuce from Great Britain.

regiment or battalion be not thereby made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is hereinbefore directed to consist.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of any county, stewartry, city, or place, to act as colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia for such county, stewartry, city, or place, for and during such time as there shall not be any colonel or commanding officer appointed to such regiment, battalion, or independent company; but no such lieutenant shall at any one time act as colonel or commanding officer to more than one body^of militia, whether regiment, or battalion, or independent company; and where the lieutenant of any county, stewartry, city, or place, shall take the command of any body of militia, not being by this act deemed a regiment, he shall be entitled to the rank of colonel, except when the said company shall be formed into battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater pay than the proper commanding officer of such body would be entitled to.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the powers by this act given to such colonel or other commanding officer shall be veiled in, and lawfully may be exercised by, the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who shall be residing within Great Britain, until such colonel or other commanding officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk' of the peace of the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs, and the clerk of the peace is hereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such notification, to transmitan account thereof to the officer who shall have been next in command as aforesaid j and all acts, matters, and things, done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given.by this add to colonels and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 369

equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himself.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the colonel of each p^i n te cT regiment or battalion of militia incorporated as aforesaid, shall wp0 have, appoint the adjutant, who shall have served, or shall at the time served, or shall of such appointment actually serve, in some of his Majesty's serve in the other forces, and who, during his service in the said militia, shall pre-

preserve his rank in the army in tile same manner as if he had serve their continued in that service. rank.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, his His Majesty heirs and successors, may and shall appoint, according to the pro- may appoint portion of one serjeant to twenty private men, two ar more proper persons to be serjeants to every company in the said militia, out of chelfei* and from his Majesty's other forces, such persons having served hospital. in the said forces for the space of three years next preceding their appointment to be serjeants as aforesaid, or may appoint such other persons to be serjeants as aforesaid, as have formerly served for the space of three years in his Majesty's said forces; and the service in the militia of such persons £0 appointed out of his Majesty's said forces shall entitle them to the benefit of Chelsea hospital, in the same manner as if they had continued to serve in the said forces; and every person appointed to be a serjeant as aforesaid, out of the pensioners on the establishment of Chetfea hospital, shall be entitled to be put again upon the said establishment, after he shall be discharged from the service of the militia, provided he brings a certificate of his good behaviour, under the hand of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion in which he shall have served as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the captain of every The captain company of militia may and shall appoint two persons to be appoint drummers to his company, and may and shall appoint corporals andorporals out of the private men of his company, in the proportion of one to his com.' corporal to twenty private men, and may displace such drummers pany, and, and corporals respectively for misbehaviour, and appoint others With the^ in their room, from time to time, as he shall see occasion, and of^he count may and shall appoint, with the approbation of his Majesty's lieutenant, ^lieutenant, serjeants out of the private men of his company, to may fill up the fill up the vacancies of serjeants as may happen therein: and vacancies of -every such appointment shall be deemed an actual discharge Of serjeants, &c. the person so appointed from serving in the militia as a private militia man; and that it shall be lawful for the colonel, or, in his absence, for the commanding officer of any battalion of militia, to displace, upon the application of the captain, any person so appointed a serjeant out of the private militia men.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall No publican keep any house of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any j^an^ a CI- ale, wine, brandy, or other spirituous liquors by retail, shall be J capable of being or continuing a serjeant in the militia.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no officer who is entitled Half pay offi-to hglf pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half pay, during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, &cUmayernS? Vql, XLI, B b battalion

370 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

receive their battalion clerk, paymaster, quartermaster or surgeon, in any takL^the1 regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, ' but that following the ^ame shall nevertheless continue, and indead of the oath ° directed by the act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, to be taken by such officer, -he shall take the following oath:

4 T d. B. do swear, That I had not, between the any

A place or employment of profit civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late'regiment of save and except my pay as

lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaster, quartermaster, or surgeon, [as the case may be], for serving in a regiment of militia.'

Serjeants of C belle a hospital may receive ther allowance with their pay.

What Service in the militia shall entitle to a recommendation to the Chelsea pension.

The militia to be b; lletted, and carriages provided on their march as for the regular and fencible forces.

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any person being aserjeant on the establishment of Chelsea hospital, at the allowance of twelve-pence a day, and being appointed to serve in the militia, shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve-pence a day, together with his pay from the said militia; and any person who shall have faithfully served as a serjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to which he belongs, and the lieutenant, and two or more deputy lieutenants of the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which the said regiment, battalion or independent company belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant, by the commanding officer and three or more deputy lieutenants of such county, stewartry, city, or place, be entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of five-pence per day, if the said board shall judge him deserving thereof: provided, that no person who shall be appointed a serjeant in the militia after the passing of this act, shall be entitled to such recompence, until he shall have served in the militia, or in the army and militia, for twenty years.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all ju(bices of the peace, provost, or other chief magistrate of towns and all other officers having jurisdiction in such matters, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and private men serving in the militia, and whilst they shall continue to be embodied, in the same way and manner as his Majesty's regularand fencible forces.are in use to be billetted and quartered in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and shall like wife be provided with carriages on their march in the same manner as the said regular and fencibles forces are at present so -furnished and provided in that part of Great Britain called Scotland5 and all justices of the peace and other magistrates are hereby required to

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 371

be assisting the rein, in the same way and manner as they are now in use to aftift in providing carriages and horses for his Majesty's

forces upon their march. If a militia

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any militia man man desert shall desert, or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return ami does not or be taken within the space of three monihs from the time of return, or is his so deserting orabfenting himself, then, upon certificate thereof months from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or in- another to be7 dependent company, to the deputy lieutenants, at any of their ballotted for. meetings for the sub-division or difcridl for which such militia man was enrolled, such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a sub-division or districf meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another person to serve and be returned deserter re-to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the turns, or is room of every such militia man; and in case such militia man taken, he shall shall at any time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to serve ban0tted. in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room.

LT. And be it further enacted, That all tnufkets delivered Muskets to be for the service of the militia shall be marked distinctly, in home marke<; i* visible place, with the letter (M), and the name of the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which they belong; and in case any Penalty on militia man shall fell, pawn, or loie, any of his arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good deaths*

order to the captain, or to the perfo.n appointed to receive the or accoutre-'same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit ments. and pay a sum not exceeding three pounds Sterling; and if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of cofredtion for any time not exceeding three months, or until he (half have paid the said penalty.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall know- Penalty for ingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or other wise an^ioa's receive any arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, belonging unto any or accou-militia man, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary trements. to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds fte'rling; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods or effects whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the common goal, there to remain, without bail, for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant or cor- cor^oMs poral of the militia may, by sentence of a court martial, be be'red^cetTtd^' reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to privates, serve as such during the war.

LIV\ And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

his Majesty, by order in council, to embody and call out the m^tiTtobe^ laid six thousand men, and put them under the command of such embodied, and

B b 2 general

put under the command of general officers, and led into any part ot Scotland for preventing invasion, &c.

general officers as he shall be pleased to appoint over them; and to direct them to be led by their respective officers into any parts of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the preventing and repelling any invasion, and for the suppression of any rebellion or insurrection there; and the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the several regiments, battalions, and independent companies of the militia, shall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again by his Majesty's orders to their respective parishes or places of abode, remain under the command of such general officers; and during such time as aforesaid, all the provisions contained in any atft of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the militia', in all cases whatsoever.

Militia not to be ordered out of Scotland.

INTon-commissioned officers and privates (wounded in service), entitled to Chelsea pert lion, and, if married, may set up in any part of Great Britain,

County lieutenant to issue orders to the chief constable for the attendance of militia men.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the whole, or any part of the militia directed by this act to be raised and maintained, shall on any account be carried or ordered to go out of that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any non-commissioned officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be maimed or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea hospital with any non-commissioned officer or private soldier belonging to his Majesty's other forces; and that every such person, having served in the militia when called out into actual service, and being a married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, without any molestation for or by reason of the using such trade, in like manner as any person who has served in his Majesty's navy, or as a soldier in his regular land forces, may do.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every county, stewartry, city, and place, or on the death or removal of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his county, stewartry, city, or place, any three or more deputy lieutenants, to whom any such order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be directect, shall issue his or their order to the chief constable of the several

divisions ordiftriCcs, with directions to forward the same immediately to the constables or other officers of the several parishes and places within their respective divisions and districts, and such constables or other officers are hereby required, upon receipt hereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several miliria men, or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, or places, to attend at the time and place Men not mentioned' in such order; and if any militia men so ordered to be b^rehend^rawn out an^ embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any ed asdefert- " infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man) shall not <rr*. appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia

man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter,

according

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103. 373

according to the provisions of any act which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if any person shall Penalty for harbour and conceal any militia man, when ordered out into actual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds sterling.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the militia men Colonelto shall be drawn out and embodied for actual service, and incor- a^ent^vlfen porated by command of his Majesty as aforesaid into a regiment, the militia is battalion, or other corps, and during the time they shall continue embodied, for so embodied and incorporated, the colonel, or where there is no wJlom he is colonel, the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or fp0nf, £]I corps so embodied or incorporated as aforesaid, shall and may appoint an agent to such regiment, battalion, or corps and shall take security from such agent; and such colonel, and, where there is no colonel, the commanding officer, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the said agent, or from himself, upon account of the pay, cloathing, or publick stock of such regiment, battalion, or corps.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the militia of When the mi-any county, stewartry, city, or place, shall be ordered out into litia is ordered actual service, the collector of the cess for such county, (lew- of the* artry, city or place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay, Ccfs to pay a to the captain or other commanding officer of every company of-guinea for th militia so ordered out, the sum of one guinea for the use ofule^0^e^c.h every private militia man belonging to his company; and the to

said collector of the cess shall also pay to every captain and com- be laid out for manding officer of a company as aforesaid, the sum of one guinea his use. for every recruit, as early as may be after such recruit ftu-11 have joined his company, while out in actual service as aforesaid; all which money so paid by the said collector of the cess shall be allowed to him in his account; and the money so received by any captain or other commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think mod: advantageous for the respective militiamen; and such captain and commanding officer shall, before any militia man of his company receives his discharge, account to such militia man how the said sum of one guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the remainder of the money, if any, to the said militia man.

LX. And be it further enacted, That, from the day appointed From the day by the lieutenant'of every county, fie wart ry, city, or place, or on the death or removal of any such lieutenant, or in his ab- officers aild fence from his county, stewartry, city or place, any three or privates enti-more deputy lieutenants for the assembling of the militia as tied to the aforesaid, in pursuance of his Majesty's orders in council, the as

officers and private men of the militia shall be entitled to the force$, v same pay as the officers and private men of his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive* and no other.

v b 3 LXI. And

Recovery and application of 7 penalties, not and particularly provided for.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, forfeitures by this act: imposed, the manner of recovery whereof is not in this act: particularly provided for, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, stewartry, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and effects, by warrant under the hand of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deaufting the charges of such distress and sale, to the offender upon whom such distress shall have been made: and where the goods and effects of such offender shall not be fuffeient to answer such distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, stewartry, city,

place,

where the offence shall

Persons committed to gaol to be kept to hard labour, & c.

No order of his Majesty's lieutenants, &c. to be delayed by advocation.

have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or other bodies of militia, or where there is no clerk the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or other bodies of militia, of the respective counties, stewartries, cities, or places, and shall be made a common stock in each county, stewartry, city, or place, wherein the same shall so arise, and the said clerk shall give a particular account thereof, as it shall arise, to any. three deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace, at their next meeting within their several sub-divisions; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, shall cause butts to be erected in some convenient place or places, and shall direct the clerk of the regiment or battalion td buy and provide, with some part of the money so arising, a proper quantity of gunpowder and ball, to be used at proper times by the militia men in (hooting at marks, and to apply and dispose of such other part of the money aforesaid, as they shall think reasonable, in some prize or prizes, to be given to such militia man or men as shall by the commanding officer then present be adjudged to be the best marksman or marksmen, and to apply the residue thereof, to other contingencies relating to the militia within such division or district; and that in all cases when any person shall be committed to the county gaol by virtue of this act, he shall, during the time of such commitment, be kept to hard labour in such county gaol, or be fed upon bread and water.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no order made by any of his Majesty's lieutenants, or by any one or more deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or by anyone deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be delayed or set aftde by advocation or suspension,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 104. 375

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That on the death* of On death of any of his Majesty's lieutenants, his deputy lieutenants shall continue to ad and exercise all the authorities by this act com- tQba^utleS mi tied to them, until his Majesty shall have appointed another lieutenant, and until commissions of deputy lieutenancy shall be by him issued.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or Limitation actions, suit or suits, shall be brought or commenced against any a<^'ons* person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the comity or place where such action or actions, suit or suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions, suit or suits, to be brought, may deny the libel, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be brought after the time for bringing the same, or if the defendant or defendants shall be affoilzied in such action or actions, or if the pursuer or pursuers shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or actions, suit or suits, after the der fendant shall have appeared, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases to recover costs by the laws of Scotland.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it His Majesty in shall be lawful for his Majesty, by order in council, to suspend the execution of this act, either absolutely, or for any limited execution of time, and so from time to time as his Majesty shall fee occasion, this act. and to order and direct that all proceedings in the further execution of this act shall cease, either absolutely, or during such time as in any such order in council shall be limited for that purpose, and thereupon all such further proceedings shall cease accordingly; anything in this act contained'to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuance

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and continue in force during the present war, and for the space of one ad* calendar month after the end thereof.

CAP. CIV.

An act for regulating the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

[July 19, 1797.]

XXV. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-second year of Chuse in the reign of his present Majesty, and which was aftervoards continued former acts by several subsequent acts passed in the thirty'third, thirty fourth, and thirty fifth years of his said present Majesty's reign, it was enusted, qualification cTbat, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred required to and ninety-two, it fall not be lawful for any person to become a mafier, be given by or take or have the command or charge of any such ftp or vessel, at the time he fall clear out from any pert of Great Britain for purchasng and carrying saves from the coaf of Africa, unless such mafier or person taking or having the charge cr command of any such ship or vessel

B b 4 fall

Jhatl have made oath, and delivered into the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port where such ship or vessel j, hall clear out, a certificate, attested by the respective owner or owners, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or fa all have served as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of Uuo voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying fiaves from the coafi of Africa, under pain that such master or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners who floall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the sum of five

wh*m cer* hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arisen respecttng the con-tificates to be stru^lon of the above mentioned clause, whether the certificate thereby attested. required to be delivered in to the collect!or or other chief officer of the customs, should he attested by the respective otvner or owners of any ship or vessel wherein the person or persons then about to take the command of the ship or vessel required to be cleared out, hadformerly failed in some or one of the capacities by the [said act specified and required, or by the respective otvner or owners of the the ship or vessel in which such person or persons was or were then about to fail as the master or commander thereof, as believing the fasts stated in the affidavit of such person or persons then about to have or take the charge or command of any such finp or vessel, to be true: and whereas, in consequence of such doubts, the collectors or other chief officer of the customs at the ports ^London and Liverpool, doubting the meaning and construction of the said acts, have required and taken certificates attested in both the ways before mentioned, and cleared out ships or vessels under each form of certificate, in consequence of which great inconveniences have arisen, and doubts have been made touching the legality of the polices of iujurance made upon such ships or vesselsbe it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said former acts of parliament herein before mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be the passing of construed to extend, impeach, invalidate, or make void, any policy this act, not or policies ofinsurance which shall have been made before the passing of this act, by reason or in consequence of any certificate or certificates which have be required and given in order to the clearing out any ship or vessel, employed in the slave trade, to the coafi: of Africa, by the owner or owners of the ship or vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the owner or owners of some other ship or vessel in whose employ the person then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to indict any penalty or penalties upon the owner or owners of such ship or vessel.

CAP. CV.

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on inhabited koufe$.

[)uly 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue,

haye

Policies of insurance made before

to be void by reason of certificates given under recited acts, <kc.

[Preamble.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105. 377

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly befeeeft your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thou- From July sand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, J.797» colletfed, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, l^s t^he p^id?a heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, inhabited the several and respective additional rates and duties upon all in- houses. habited houses, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

zs. 6d.

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall Hoiifes rated-be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having lei's than seven windows or lights, and which is or shall be subject to o;

the duty upon inhabited houses, granted by an act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, the yearly sum of one shilling:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 7 win-be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having seven dows> windows or lights, or which is or ought to be rated under the authority of an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights, the yearly sum of two shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For8, be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eight windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the said last mentioned act, the yearly sum of two shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall ^01*9, — -3$. be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of three shillings;

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having ten windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of (our shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eleven windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of four shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For iz> — 5s. be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twelve 6d. windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of five shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdqm of Great Britain, having thirteen windows or lights, ' which is or ought to be rated under the Jaft-mentioned adh the yearly sum of six shillings and sixpence:

For

6d.

For i

For 17, 6d.

6d.

37B Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1796.

For 14, — -7a. For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fourteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of seven shillings and sixpence: S, — 9s. For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned a#, the yearly sum of nine shillings:

For 16, 10s. For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having sixteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of ten shillings:

11s, For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having seventeen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of eleven shillings g and sixpence:

to, 32s. For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned a df, the yearly sum of twelve shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having nineteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of thirteen shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of fifteen shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited*, within the kingdom of Great Britain, haviilg twenty-one windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned ac\*, the yearly sum of sixteen shillings: For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-two windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of seventeen shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-three windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last-merttioned add, the yearly fu.m of eighteen shillings and sixpence

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-lour windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of one pound and one shilling;

So*

For i9j — 138.

6d.

For ao* — 15s.

For 21, — 1 6s.

For 22> — i

VS.

For 23> — 18s

6d.

For 24) — il. is.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105. 379

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For5j an(* be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having e ^'am

twenty-five windows or lights and not mere than twenty-nine 1*\

windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of one pound and three shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 30, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having thirty e^an

windows or lights and not more than thirty-four windows or'S*

lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of one pound six shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 35, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having thirty-five windows or lights and not more than thirty-nine windows or sd. lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of one pound ten shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 40, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having forty not more than windows or lights and not more than forty-four windows or lights, 44>-I*I5S % which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of one pound and fifteen shillings:

For every-dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 45, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having forty- noc m°re than five windows or lights and not more than forty-nine windows or 2*lights, which is Qr ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of two pounds:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 50, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty not more than, windows or lights and not more than fifty-four windows or 54, '-2 's* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of two pounds and five ihihings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 55, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty- n'-t more than five windows or lights and not more than fifty-nine windows or a*IOS* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of two pounds and ten shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 60, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having sixty windows or lights, and not more than sixty-four windows or 2I5S* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of two pounds and fifteen shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 65, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having sixty- £otj re tiiaiV' five windows or lights and not more than sixty-nine windows or 9> J*lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of three pounds:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall For 70, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having not m°re seventy windows or lights and not more than seventy-four win-^s'

dows or lights, whiefi is or ought to be rated under the last-

mentioned

3So

For 75, and not more than 79>-3l-os.

For 80, and not more than 843l. I5S.

For 85, and not more than9> —

For 90, and not more than 94, — 4l. 5s.

For 95, 'and not more than 99> — 4l. xos.

For 100, and not more than 109, -5l.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1796.

mentioned act, the yearly sum of three pounds and five shillings* For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having severity-five windows or lights and not more than seventy-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of three pounds and ten shillings: For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty windows or lights and not more than eighty-four windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned add, the yearly Turn of three pounds and fifteen shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty-five windows or lights and not more than eighty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of four pounds:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain^havxng ninety windows or lights, and not more than ninety-four windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of four pounds and five shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having ninety'five windows or lights and not more than ninety-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of four pounds and ten shillings: For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred windows or lights and not more than one hundred and

nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of five pounds:

For no, and^ For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall IQgn be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and ten windows or lights and not more than one hundred and nineteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of five pounds and ten shillings: not more than ^or ever^we^ng house inhabited, or which hereafter shall 129, — 6h an inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and twenty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of six pounds:

For T30, and for every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall jos" inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one Jhundred and thirty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of six pounds and ten shillings:

For 140, and for every dwelling house inhabited* or which hereafter shall not more than be habited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one I49) ' hundred

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105

hundred and forty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and forty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of seven pounds:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and fifty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of seven pounds and ten shillings:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and sixty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and sixty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of eight pounds and five shillings:

- For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and seventy windows or lights and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the aft-mentioned act, the yearly sum of nine pounds:

For every dwelling house inhabited, or which hereafter shall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and eight windows or lights and upwards, which is or ought to be rated under the last mentioned act, the yearly sum of ten pounds.

38'!

For 150, and not more than 159, — 7l. 108.

For 160, and not more than 169, — 81. 58.

For 170, and not more than 179, -91.

For 180, and upwards, — 10l.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional rates Duties to be and duties hereby imposed, shall be paid over and above, and in Paid in addj-addition to, the respective rates and duties on houses, granted by payable the acts of the sixth, the nineteenth, and the twenty-fourth years on houses. of his present Majesty, or any other act or acts now in force.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and Duties to be duties by this act imposed, shall be subject and liable to an act-

ditiorial duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum per annum, ^ent mi* on the produce and amount contained in any assessment thereof, the amount.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better aiTefiing, Commission-levying, collecting, and paying the before-mentioned duties by ers for the this act imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or affairs of taxes who shall hereafter be authorised or appointed, for putting in t<TFut Ibis

V n 1, r 1, r & 1 act 111 CXCCU-

execuuon the a<tts relative to the present duties on houses and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act, with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and singular the counties, shires, (lewartt ies, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places reflectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the said several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors reflectively appointed, or who shall be appointed in manner aforesaid,

shall

382 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1796.

shall be surveyors, inspectors, a Heitors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former acts, or any of them; and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid being duly qualified to add in the execution of the said several acts as before mentioned, shall, and they' are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this aeft in execution with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the several acts relative to the rates and duties on windows or lights, a, nd houses, or any matter or thing therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several assessors, in making the assessment under this present act of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, to assess the sum of twenty pounds per centum upon the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any assessment, whereon the rates of twenty pounds per centum are imposed by any act or acts of parliament, and the rates and duties imposed by this act, in one sum, and by one assessment and charge, instead of distinct assessments and charges, and to return the same to the respective of, in the manner and under the regulations and directions prescribed by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and that the respective coiiedtors shall and may collect and receive the said duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first assessment under this act shall be made for three quarters of a year from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one thou-

Mode of making the affeff-nients of id. per cent, and returning them to the of.

First assessment to be for three quarters, from July 5, 1797, and af-

terwards for a pancj seven hundred and ninety-eight, the assessments under this

year, and paid quar terly.

Duties to be alfelied, See. as other duties under the management of the commissioners for taxes*

act shall be made for one whole year from the fifth day of April in each year; and that the duties so to be assessed shall be paid quarterly, at the times and in manner following; that is to say. On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions, the first of I he said payments on the said assessment for three quarters of a year, to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and duties by this act imposed, shall severally and respectively be aftested, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed and appointed by ar.v act or acts of parliament for aftesting, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houses, windows, or lights, granted by the acts of the sixth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and the duties.

°n

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 106. 383

on inhabited houses granted by an act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or by any of them, so far as the same now remain in force, and are applicable to the said several and respective duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this act; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, or any act or acts therein referred to, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the aftefsing, raiding, levying, collecting, and paying, the several duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by Duties to be the said rates and duties hereby imposed, (the necessary charges consolidated6 of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time fund.

to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made part of the consolidated fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

monies arising, or to arise, of the said duties by this act imposed, for ten years/ or so much thereof as shall be sufficienr, shall be deemed an are to be kept, addition made so the revenue for the purpose of defraying the with others increased charge occasioned by any loan.raised, or flock created, ^Same^ur by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament; pose/lVparate and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next from all other ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from monies, all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted, or to be granted, in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge 25 aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain horses, before charged zulth a duty of two j, hillings by an act of the thirty-ftxih year of his present Majestys reign, and on mules.

[July 19,

1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

'E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Preamble, commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's

publick

384

Additional duty of 3s. to be paid for every horse, See. chargeable under 36 Gto.

3. c. 15. and to be subject to 20l. per cent.

Herbs fur niilud ('Or volunteer corps exempted from duties imposed by this abt, and 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1796.

publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person who, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, or any mule, charged with a duty of two shillings by an abt of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall yield and pay annually an additional duty of three shillings for each such horse, mare, ge'ding, or mule; which said duty shall also be subject to an additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum on the produce and amount contained in any assessment thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall serve in any volunteer corps raised by virtue of any abi or abls of parliament now in force, and shall provide a horse, mare, or gelding, liable to the duties by this abt imposed, for such Tervice, or who shall, at his or her expectce, furnish a horse, mare, or gelding, liable to the said duties, for any person serving in any such corps as aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable for such horse, mare, or gelding, with the additional duties by this abt imposed, or the former duties imposed by an abt, pasted in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ( An act for granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horses not charged with the duty by any other at7 or acts of parliament, and on mules.)

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing,

Duties to be under the ma- levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by this the^commis abt imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or who Coners for the shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in execu-affiirs of tion the abis relative to the present duties on houses and windows

tax, es. or lights, and inhabited houses, or any other duties placed under

the management of the commissionrs for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers therein contained, in all and singular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, respectively appointed to put in execution the said several acbs before mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyojs, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former abls, or any of them; and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to abt in the execution of the said several abls before mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, -shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things oecessary for putting this

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 106. 385

this*aft in execution, with relation t?o the duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any o f them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said former - acts relative to the said rates and duties, any matters or things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it shall /mpofecTby3 and may be lawful to and for the several assessbrs, in making the this act, and several assessments of two shillings and three shillings under this pre- 36 Geo. 3. sent aft, and the act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's^assessecM reign, before mentioned, to make one assessment at the rate of five ^e^um!* ihillines for each horse, mare, gelding, or mule, afielTed by this act, instead and in lieu of the said two several assessments; and in > making the several assessments under this present act of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, and of the duties of ten pounds per centum, find of ten pounds per centum under the act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, before mentioned, to make one assefirneiit after the rate of twenty pounds upon the amount of the said respective duties, together with such other duties as shall be included in the same assessment, and to return the same to the respective of, in the manner, and under' the regulations and directions, prescribed by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the of fir the affairs of taxes; and that the respective collectors shall and may collect and receive the said duties accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first: First assess-assessment under this act of the duties hereby imposed, be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of three quarters July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and after-of a year, wards the assessment of the duties charged by this act fjbal 1 be ^r°m July 5, made for one year, from the fifth, day of April in every year; 1797Jran4 and that the duties, so to be assessed under this act, shall be paid for^'year^ quarterly, at the times and in manner following; (that is to say), and to be paid On the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day quarterly, of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments on the said assessment for three quarters of a year, to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several duties by this Duties to be aft imposed shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, a fee r tamed, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penal- tonne*

ties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which the rates and duties on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing, or by which the rates and duties granted by the said act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesiry's reign, before mentioned, are or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions, are expressly varied by (his Vol. XLI. Cc acts

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

386 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 107. [1796.

aft; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the said rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties, by any of the said former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the duties by this act imposed, shall be in full force and duly observed, practised,nd put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by the said duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same exceptedJ, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

from 10 years arising or to arise of the said duties, or so much thereof

shall, with as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the others granted revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occa-ior the same floned by any loan raised or stock created by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of left years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this session ol parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

purpose, be kept separate from all other

CAP. CVII.

An act for granting to his Madditional duties on male — [July 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-V v mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarilyrefolved togiveand grant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 107. 387

consent of the lords spiritaal and temporal, and commons, in this From July St1

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 1797> the

That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven addiTion^11

hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, duties to be

and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succes- paid for male

fors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the several duties ^rvantb 5 © °9chargeable

following

that is to say,

under 25 Geo.

3* c. 43

That every person who shall retain or employ two male fer- For two, vants, and no more within the kingdom or Great Britain, for 1os.each: or in respect whereof any rate or duty is payable by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be charged with an additional yearly duty of ten fhi llings for each of such servants:

That every person who shall retain or employ three such male For three or servants, or four male servants, and no more, shall be charged f°ur> r5s* with an additional yearly duty of fifteen shillings for each such ea<"^'servant:

That every person who Pnall retain or employ more than four For ore such male servants, shall be charged with an additional yearly cmr, 1.duty of one pound for each such servant.

II. And be it enacted, That the said additional rates and duties hereby imposed shall be paid over and above and in addition totoformer the rates and duties on male servants granted by an act passed in duties, the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 'or any

other a dt or acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said rates and anj* liable to duties by this act imposed shall respectively be subject and liable th^ei*CCn*to an additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum amount.

per annum, on the produce and amount contained in any aftefT-orient thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better aftefiing, Commissioners levying, collecting, and paying, the said additional duties by this act imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or who a<^'jn exe. shall hereafter be appointed, for putting in execution the several cution. acts relative to the present duties on male servants, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and singular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, afteftbrs, and collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former acts, or any of them; and the fail of and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several acts as before mentioned,

C c 2 - shall,

Mode of

making the assessments of 20l. per cent, and returning them to the commissioners.

388 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 107. [1796.

shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the several acts relative to the several rates and duties on male servants, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several assessors, in making the assessments under this act of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, to assess the sum of twenty pounds per centum upon the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any assessment whereon the rates or duties of twenty pounds per centum are imposed by any act or acts of parliament, and the rates and duties imposed by this act, in one sum and by one assessment and charge, instead of distinct assessments and charges, and to return the same to the respective of in the manner and under the regulations and directions prescribed by an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and that the respective collectors shall and may collect and receive the said rates and duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the first assessment under this act shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the assessments under a^this act shall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April and to he paid in each year; and that the duties so to be assessed shall be paid quarterly. quarterly, at the times and in manner following; (that is to say). On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments on the said assessment for three quarters of a year to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates and duties by this act imposed shall severally and respectively be affelied, raised, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, provisoes, and exemptions, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed and appointed by any act or acts of parliament for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying over, the duties on male fprvants granted by the said act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, so far as the same now remain in force and are applicable to the said several and respective duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this act; and that all and every the powers* authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures.

First assefT*-ment to be for three quarters, from July 5, 1797. and afterwards for a year.

Duties to be assessed, &c. as others under the management of of for taxes.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. 389

feitures, exemptions, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, or any act or atfls therein referred to, for the assessing, raising, levying, surcharging, collecting, and paying over, the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the affesting, raising, levying, surcharging, collecting, and paying, the several additional duties by this act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted by this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ail monies arising by the Duties to be said rates and duties hereby imposed, (the necessary charges of con^oHd^e^ raising and accounting for the fime excepted), shall, from time fun(j4

to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the monies ^PP^r^011 arising or to arise of the said duties by this act imposed, or so much ^ich for thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made IO years, to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge are, with occasioned by any loan raised or flock created by virtue of any ^thers granted act or acts passed in this section of parliament, and that the said pu^pose^to^e monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid kept separate into the said receipt, distindUy and apart from all the other from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided momes#

and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted, or to be granted, in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

---

CAP. CVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on clocks and watches.

[July 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

---

From July 5, 1797, the following annual duties to be paid:

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be charged, assessect, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the several duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every clock, 5s#

For every gold watch, or enamelled 'on gold, 1 os.

For every (liver or metal watch, as. 6d.

For and upon every clock or timekeeper, by whatever name the same shall be calied, which shall be used for the purpose of a clock, and placed in or upon any dwelling house, or any office or building thereunto belonging, or any other building whatever, whether private or publick, belonging to any person or persons, or company of persons, or any body corporate or politick, or collegiate, or which shall be kept and used, by any person or persons in Great Britain, there flu a 11 be charged an annual duty of five shillings:

For and upon every gold watch, or watch enamelled on gold, or gold timekeeper used for the purpose of a watch, by whatever name the same shall be calied, which shall be kept, and worn, or used, by any person or persons in Great Britain, there shall be charged an annual duty of ten shillings:

'And for and upon every silver or metal watch, or silver or metal timekeeper used for the purpose of a watch, or any other watch, or timekeeper used for the like purpose, not before charged, of whatever materials the same shall be made, and by whatever name the same shall be calied, which shall be kept, and worn, or used, by any person, there shall be charged an annual duty of two shillings and sixpence:

What watches shall be deemed gold.

Duties to be under the management of the com m if. sioners of taxes.

The Said several duties to be paid by the respective proprietors of such clocks, watches, and time keepers.

II. And be it further enacted, That every watch, of which the outer or the inner case shall be made of gold, or shall be enamelled on gold, shall be charged with the duty hereby imposed on gold watches.

III. And be it further enacted, That the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, to put in execution the acts relative to any of the present duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present and the powers herein contained, with relation to the duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in all the counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and piaces respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several surveyor>, inspecflors, assessers, ' and collectors, respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the said acts relative to the said present duties under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, shall he surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, with relation to the duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, according to the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. 391

powers given to them respectively by the said acts, or any of them, and not hereby altered, or according to the powers given to them by this act; and the said commissioners, and other the persons aforesaid, being respectively duly qualified to ad: in the execution of any of the said acts before mentioned, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said acts relative to the said present duties under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid duties by Duties to be this act granted, shall and may be ascertained, managed, col- ascertained, leded, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, their manage-methods, directions, and provisions, by which the rates and ment. duties now placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, directions, and provisions, are expressly varied by this act; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, for the surcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the aforesaid duties granted by this act, and not expressly varied, or otherwise provided for, shall be in full force, and duly observed, practised, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for fur-charging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforesaid duties granted by this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things.

Were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said of Fir# meeting hereby appointed to put in execution this act shall, in their respective counties, ridings, divisions, [hires, stewartries, cities, % boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed of respectively, meet for the iirft time on or before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or on such other day as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think proper to appoint, not later than the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and proceed in the execution of this act in such and the same manner as-is prescribed by any act or acts with respect to the rates and duties before mentioned, under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, (except where any alteration is made by this act); and

their appointment.

Assessors to leave notice yearly at the houses of persons liable to the duty.

Notice to require the housekeepers

dule.

392 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. io§. ^1798.

who shall give the said of shall, at such tfiefr meeting, cause notice n°li£e to ^he to be given to the persons appointed within their respective a e or& o districts or divisions to be act'eflors Or collectors under the said acts before mentioned, or any of them, that such persons are also appointed respectively aftefTots or Collectors of the duties granted by this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several persons appointed assessors for the present year shall* within fourteen days after notice of their being appointed assessors of the aforesaid duties hereby granted, and the several persons to be hereafter appointed assessors shall, within fourteen days after such their appointment, yearly leave notice in writing at every dwelling house within their respective distridfs, in or upon which any clock, watch, or timekeeper aforesaid shall be placed, kept and worn, or used, or in which any person liable to be assessed to the aforesaid duties hereby granted shall dwell.

VII. And be it further enacted, Tint every notice to be left as aforesaid at any dwelling house, for the occupier or occupiers

to prepare lifts thereof, shall require such occupier or occupiers to prepare and tior s^n'the' Froc^ucc> within the space of fourteen days next ensuing the day form con- S, v*ing such notice, a list or declaration in writing of all the

tained in the clocks, and timekeepers used for the purpose of clocks, and annexed sche- placed in or upon such dwelling house, and belonging either to the owner or owners of such dwelling house, or to such occupier or occupiers; and also of all watches, and timekeepers uled for the purpose of watches, kept and worn, or used, by such occupier or occupiers; and another list in writing, containing the ebriftiart and surnames of each and every person dwelling in such dwelling house, whether such persons are liable to the aforesaid duties by this act granted or not, and whether such person shall be one of such occupier's family, or an inmate or lodger in such dwelling house; which lift and declaration shall be made out by such occupier or occupiers in the form in the schedule to this abt annexed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such occupier for whom any such notice as aforesaid shall be left, shall be

declaration in obliged, within fourteen days after such notice being left, to make 14 days after out the lift, and sign the declaration before mentioned; and shall for^uire^all a^0? w^n the like period, cause the contents of the said notice personTwithinto read over anc* mac^e known to each and every person the house to dwelling in such dwelling house, office, or building as aforesaid* liable to the aforesaid duties; and shall require each and every such person to declare to every such occupier the exabl number of the clocks, watches, and timekeepers, for which he or she ought to be assessect, and to give a description thereof, in such manner that the duties payable for the same may be ascertained, or to declare that such person has not kept and worn, or used, within the time herein after specified, any such clock, watch, or timekeeper; which declarations the said occupier or occupiers shall cause to be entered in the lift or declaration to be delivered by him, her, or them3 to the assessor or assessors, and shall require

each

Housekeepers to make out lift and sign

declare the number of

clocks and watches for which they ought to be aft died, dec,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. roS. 393

each and every such person to write or cause to be written his or*her christian or surname opposite the entry of his or her clocks* watches, or timekeepers, or his or her declaration as aforesaid; and every such person, being required thereunto as aforesaid by &ny such occupier or occupiers, shall be obliged to make such declaration, and to attest the same in the manner before directed, unless such person shall be usually resident elsewhere* out of the district of such assessor or assessors where such notice shall be left, and shall be liable to be aiTelTed in such other place, and shall declare the place where he or she intends to be assessed to or pay, or has been assessed to or paid, the aforesaid duties, which declaration shall be entered on the return to be made by such occupier or occupiers, and signed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such lift or decla- Lifts for the ration shall, for the first and second times of the same being concftime^" to required under this act, contain the greatest number of clocks, contain^he Watches, and timekeepers liable to the aforesaid duties hereby largest number granted, which have been placed in or upon his or her dwelling of clocks and house, offices, or buildings as aforesaid, or kept and worn, or

used, by the respective persons specified in such lift or declaration tween Au" if as aforesaid, at any one time between the first day of August one 1797, and the thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the day of making time of mak-a return thereof respectively, according to the directions of this ^fter °Ut> act j and every such lift or declaration thereafter to be made shall ^"ring

contain the greatest number of such clocks, watches, and time- the year end-keepers, so placed as aforesaid, or kept and worn, or used, by ing April 5, such persons respectively, during the year ending on the fifth day preceding, of April preceding the day of making such return; and each person mentioned in the lift and declaration of such occupier, shall be liable to be charged to the full number of his or her clocks, watches, and timekeepers, which shall or ought to be inserted in such lift or declaration.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall A fie fib rs may and may be lawful to and for any such assessor or assessors, when-

ever he or they shall see occasion, to serve a notice personally not being upon* or leave the same at the house where any person liable to houibholders, any of the aforesaid duties hereby granted, and not being the requiring occupier of such house as aforesaid, shall reside, requiring such oueparatVC person to make out, sign, and deliver a separate lift and declara- \^Si tion of the number of his or her clocks, watches, and timekeepers in the manner before directed; and every such person shall, after such notice so served or left, make out, sign, and deliver, a list and declaration, within the times respectively before limited, in such form and manner as is herein directed to be done by occupiers of dwelling houses with respect to clocks, watches, and timekeepers, being their own property respectively, or in default thereof a separate act'eflment shall be made upon such person, in the manner before directed with respect to such occupiers as aforesaid; and every such person shall be liable to be assessed in the distribt in which such lift and declaration shall be made, unless he or she shall add to such return a declaration of the

par-

394 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796.

If house-holders neglect to ir.ake out lifts, tec. the a fie (Tors shall a fiefs them from the best information they can obtain, which shall be final, unless certain particulars be proved.

particular parish or place of his or her usual residence where such person intends to pay, or has been assessed to or paid, the aforesaid duties.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any occupier of any dwelling house at which any such notice shall be left, shall, for the Ipace of fourteen days after such notice, neglect or refuse to make out such lifts or declarations, or either of them, or shall neglect or refuse, within the said period of fourteen days, to make known the contents of such notice to each and every person dwelling in such dwelling house, or to require and take the lifts or declarations of every such person willing to make the same, or to insert the same in the declaration of inch occupier, in the manner herein directed, or to deliver or cause to be delivered such lift and declaration to such afteftbr or alleftors, duly filled up and signed as aforesaid, when he or they shall call for the same at such dwelling house, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the said notice being left, and shall not leave such lift and declaration at the place named in the said notice, at the place of abode of one of the said aftefiors, within fourteen days after such afieftor or assessors shall have so called for the same, then such afteftbr or assessors shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such occupier for or in respect of every clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept and worn, or used, by such occupier, and upon every other person dwelling in the dwelling house of such occupier, for of in respect of every clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept and worn, or used, by such other person; and every such assessment so made upon the occupier, shall be final and conclusive upon him or her, without liberty of appeal therefrom, unless such occupier shall prove on such appeal, as is herein after mentioned, that he or she was not at his or her dwelling house at the time of leaving the said notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such lift: and declaration to the assessor, or shall alledge and prove such other excuse as the commissioners for executing this abt shall in their judgement think reasonable and sufficient, and at the time of such appeal shall produce upon oath a true and full lift and declaration, made and signed as herein required, of all clocks, watches, and timekeepers, placed or being in or upon his or her dwelling house, offices, or buildings aforesaid, or kept and worn, or used, by him or her, or any person or persons dwelling in any such dwelling house, office, or building as aforesaid, to the best of the knowledge or belief cf such occupier; and every such assessment so made upon any such other person shall be final and conclusive upon him or her, without liberty of appeal therefrom, unless such other person shall prove that the contents of such notice had not been made known to him or her, or that no lift or declaration had been required from him or her, or that such lift: or declaration had been given, and neglected to be inserted in the lift or declaration of the occupier, and at the time of such appeal shall produce, on oath, a true and full lift and declaration, signed by him or her, of all clocks, watches, and

time-

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. 395

timepieces, 'kept and worn, or used, by him or her, within the time for which such lift and declaration are required to be given.

XU, And be it further enacted, That such afieffors as aforesaid AflTdlors, Sec. shall not be bound by such lids and declarations as shall be deli- omdllon^vered to them respectively in nurfuance of this act, but that such may. afieffors, and also any surveyor or inspector of the duties hereby make fur* imposed, shall be at liberty, if he or they shall find, on due exa- charges after ruination, that any clock, W2tch, or timekeeper, liable to any of ^eu^et^ the duties by this act imposed; is omitted in such lift or declara- dllties. of tion, to surcharge the same, and make a true assessment upon which they every persons liable as aforesaid within their respective districts, of shall receive the real number of such clocks, watches, and timekeepers, liable a m01cty*

to the said duties, or any of them, subject to an appeal, at such times and in such manner as is directed by the aforesaid acts relative to the present duties under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any of them; and that in all such cases such surcharge shall be made after the rate of double the duty for every clock, watch, or timekeeper so omitted; and the assessor, surveyor, or inspector, so making such surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive, For his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every surcharge which may be jufitly made upon any such lid and declaration.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the first adeffment First assess*

under this act, of the said duties hereby imposed, shall be made ment to be for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thou- from

sand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards shall be made ju{y^1*797, for one whole year, from the fifth day of April in every year. and after-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid duties wafds for a hereby granted shall be paid'quarterly, at the times and in the Fear* manner following; that is to say, On the fifth day of January, ^ll^es to he the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of terly.^11^ October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments upon the said assessment for three quarters of a year, to

be made on the tenth day of Gttober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in respect of every clock, A notice to or timekeeper used for the purpose of a clock, which shall be J^t with erected, placed, or be in or upon any building belonging to any companies0 company of persons, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, a &c. or affixed notice shall annually, as aforesaid, be left with any known officer to the outer of such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, who door of the shall certify the contents thereof to his superior or superiors hav-

ing the care ol such clock, timekeeper, or building, or to whom clock is erect* such clock, timekeeper, or building, shall belong; or if no such ed, Sec. officer shall be known to the assessor or assessors, then such notice shall be affixed on the outer door of such building, which notice so delivered or affixed shall be deemed good and sufficient notice, and shall be as effectual to compel the delivery of a list and declaration of the names and descriptions of the person or persons chargeable with the duty hereby imposed on such clock or timekeeper, as if the same had been personally served on such person or ersons; and the duty hereby imposed on such dock or timekeeper

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796.

keeper shall be paid by the company, body politick or corporate,

' or collegiate, to whom such clock, timekeeper, or building shall

belong, and the goods and chattels of such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, to whom such clock or timekeeper shall belong, shall be liable in payment of the same, in like manner as the goods and chattels of any owner of any clock charged with the said duty by this act is hereby, or by any act or acts herein referred to, made liable for nonpayment of the said duty.

Penalty of 1 ol.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any occupier of for not deli- any dwelling house, or any officer of any company, body politick and declara- or corPorate> or collegiate, or other person liable under the directions, &c. tions before contained to deliver such lift and declaration as aforesaid to the assessor or assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver or cause to be delivered to such assessor or assessors, such lift or declaration specifying the number of clocks, watches, and timekeepers, used as aforesaid by such occupier or occupiers, ai d likewise of those belonging to all such persons dwelling within such dwelling house, office, or building, as shall have respectively made to such occupier the declaration herein-before required, or belonging to such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate; or if any person or persons dwelling in any dwelling house, and liable, under the directions of this act, to give to the occupier thereof such declaration as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, on demand, to give such declaration of the number of his or her clocks, watches, and time-

After Oct. 10, 1797, a penalty ot iol. for having clocks or watches, and not having declared the same.

The duties on clocks in dwelling houses not enjoyed by any particular occupier to be charged upon the landlords.

Duties on clocks let with dwelling houses, &c.

keepers, or to declare that he, (lie, or they has or have used or worn none, to such occupier, and to sign his or her name to such declaration, he or she so neglecting or refusing shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any person shall have, keep, and use, any clock, or time-keeper for the purpose of a clock, or keep and wear, or use, any watch, or timekeeper for the purpose of a watch, liable to any duty by this act imposed, without having declared the same in the manner herein directed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any dwelling house with the offices and buildings thereto belonging, shall be demised to different occupiers in separate apartments, the duties by this act granted as aforesaid, which shall become payable in respect of any clock or timekeeper, placed or being in or upon such dwelling house, office, or building, and belonging to the landlord or landlords, and not exclusively in the enjoyment of any particular occupier, shall be charged upon the landlord or landlords who let or demised the same, his, her, or their executors or administrators, and not on the occupier or occupiers*

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aforesaid duties hereby granted, which shall be payable in respect of any clock or timekeeper, placed or being in or upon any

dwelling

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. 397

dwelling house, or any office or building belonging thereto, or to be paid by occupied therewith, and which shall be let or demised togetheroccupier81' with such dwelling house, office, or building, shall be paid by the occupier or occupiers thereof, his, her, or their executors or administrators, and not by the landlord or landlords, except in the case herein-before mentioned, any covenant, agreement, or contract to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid duties How duties hereby granted, which shall become payable by any person under on^nfa^ts^ the age of twenty-one years, having a parent or guardian, or re- to ec ar^e Tiding with any tutor or curator, shall be charged upon such

parent or guardian, or such tutor or curator, provided the name of Such parent, guardian, tutor, or curator, shall be returned to such assessor or assessors of the aforesaid duties, or in default thereof, the said duties shall be charged upon and paid by such infant.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-Duty not to

thing herein contained shall be confirmed to charge with the duty

hereby imposed, any person who shall inhabit any dwelling'house exempted^ wholly exempt from the payment of the duties on windows or from the lights, by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Ma- duties on jesty, and also of the duties on inhabited houses, by an act of the windows and nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in respect one clo^k^or one clock, or timekeeper to be used for the purpose of a clock, one silver or or having only one clock or timekeeper, in respect of one silver metal watch: or metal watch, or silver or metal timekeeper used for the purpose of a watch; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing nor to occu-

herein contained shall be confirmed to charge with the said duty, piers of houses* — *not 1*1 ter to* 0

any person inhabiting a dwelling house which, together with theat

offices thereunto belonging, is or ought to be rated at not more ten windows, than ten windows or lights to the duties on windows or lights, in for clocks not respect of any clock, or timekeeper used for the purpose of a clock, worth more in such dwelling house, the movements of which clock or time- an aGb' keeper shall be made of wood, or fixed upon wood, and which clocks are usually sold by the respective "makers thereof at a price not exceeding the sum of twenty Shillings for each such clock, or which shall not be of greater value than the said sum of twenty shillings; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to extend herein contained shall be confirmed to extend to charge with the to t!ie r°yai aforesaid duties, any clock or timekeeper placed or being in or a^balfad^ors upon any building in the occupation of his Majesty, his heirs or ortohoipitass, successors, or any of the royal family, or of any ambassador or churches* foreign minifirer residing in Great Britain, or in or upon either &c*2

house of parliament, or any hospital or other building erected and maintained for charitable purposes, nor upon any parish church, or any chapel or other place of publick religious worship, or any watch or timekeeper kept, had, used, or worn, in any house inhabited

398

nor to certain buffi and men, nor foHliers, marines, or sailors:

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796.

habited by any of the royal family, or by any such ambassador or foreign mini Peer.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the duty hereby imposed any servant in husbandry dwelling with his or her mailer or mistress, in any dwelling house exempt from the payment of the said duties on inhabited houses, by the of the nineteenth year of his said Majesty's reign, before mentioned; nor to any non-commissioned officer or private in his Majesty's army, or in the marines or the militia, nor to any seaman in his Majesty's navy, or employed in the merchant service.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge with the

nor to the Rock of li-

ini?ilcC!Y*s t

of or dealers duty hereby imposed, any maker of or dealer in clocks, watches, in'clocks and or timekeepers, in respect of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, watches, or kiept by him for sale, or intruded to him or his servants or work-

licensed pawnbrokers.

men, in the course of trade; such maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, being duly licensed thereunto by virtue of this act j nor any pawnbroker in respect of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept for sale or in pledge, such pawnbrokerTeing duly licensed thereunto by virtue of the laws now in force.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person ufiftg and exercisino; the trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in

to

ck

watches, or timekeepers, within the city of London,

Makers of or dealers in clocks and watches.

taking out a the cicy or liberties of IVc/hinn/hry the weekly bills of mortality, licence, to the 'panfries of Saint MaryAc-Bone, or Saint Pancras, in the within certain county °* Middlesex, or the borough of Southwark, in the county 2s. 6d. 'Surrey^ and who shall take out a licence to use and exercise and without the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the him of two shillings and sixpence; and tiyn every person uiing and exercising the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, 'watches, or timekeepers-, without the city of London, the city and liberties of Westminster, the weekly bills of mortality, the par idles of Saint Margie-Bone^and Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and who dial I take out a licence to use and exercise the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the funi of one shilling.

XXVII. Judy for the better and more effectually raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said duties hereby granted on licences, be it Licenceduties enacted, That the lame shall he under the government, care, and to be under management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed ment of^he" to'manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, of and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required for Ramps. and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary; and to provide and use such marks or (lamps, as they

shall

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. 399

shall think fit, to denote the said duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as they shall see occasion, and to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning {damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commission-pa fling of this add, any two or more of his Majesty's commis-^.rs to &rant sioners appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, or some person duly authorised bycoramence them, or any three or more of them, shall grant licences to such and continue persons who shall use and exercise the trade and business of a in so.rcj.as. maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, in any g^ein i300* city, town, or place within Great Britain, to use and exercise the same within such city, town, or place, for any space of time as herein after mentioned, not exceeding one year, and every such licence shall cease and determine on the fifth day of July, in the year for which the same shall be issued; and every such licence taken out for the year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in force until and upon the fifth day of July then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every such licence taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the fifth day of July then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth day of July in the succeeding year; and that every such person shall Licence to be. take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at least before renewed the expiration of that year for which he shall have been licensed, ear if he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due on such licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That persons carrying on One licence their trade and business of makers of, or dealers in clocks, Efficient for watches, or timekeepers in partnership, shall not be obliged £0Paitners* take out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on such trade or business.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every person using or Persons carry-exercising the trade or business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, big on bufi-watches, or timekeepers, not having a licence to use or exercise ^licence to* the trade or business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, forfeit 5l.

or timekeepers, who shall, after the lirfi: day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, within the limits herein-before described, and after the first: day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without the said limits, carry on the said trade and business of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, without having obtained a licence for that purpose

penalties sued for in three months, and where they may be sued for.

Recovery of penalties not lued for in three months*

400 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796.

under the directions of this act, shall forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds.

Application of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months from thfe time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or fuo for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland., by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed,

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, in which case, the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases

be ^id m^the w^ere w ^e of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall receiver ge- be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it neral of stamp shall be lawful for the Paid of to cause such rewards duties, out of as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as discoverers or informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace reading near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, which Paid justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fastr; and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or o'therwife, as^the case may require, to give judgement or femence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by

this

Penalties to

which inform trs may be rewarded.

Justices may determine offences where pecuniary penalfits are inflicted.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 108, 401

this act is directed to be divided, one moiety thereof to the poor Application of of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, and ^a^be lTvied the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers, and to bydiftrefs. award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying the said penalty so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any), and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any party shall find himself ^e.r^ons or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, fppeal to the then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount quarter of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such fefikms. costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions for the county, riding, division, (lure, stewartry, or place, which shall happen, after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- ^fnefTbffor fons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence not appearing before such justice touching any of the matters relative to this act, or not giving and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be evidence.

for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner as is herein directed'as to other penalties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the Conviction to peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid,

shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and fornJt*form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis; that is say,

c E it remembered, That, on the day of

jO in the year of f ur Lord in the county of

A.B. of was convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for residing near the place

where the offence was committed; for that the said A\ B. on the day of now last past, did, contrary to the form

of the statute in that case made and provided, [hereJlate the offence again]} the afi]; and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great

You XLI. D d Britain,

402 Anno regni mcesimo septimo GeopvGH III. c. 108. [1796.

Britain^ for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the lav? diredfs. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Convictions to Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be wrote fairlythe count10115 upon Parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter records!1 and fefli°ns of the peace for the county, riding, division, shire, flew-not remove- artry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by able into any the proper officer there, and there to remain, and be kept among court. the records of the same county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, or place; and no such conviction shall be removed by

Certiorari or other process into any court whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by the said several duties by this act granted (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid by the respective receivers appointed under the resp'ective of of taxes and (lamps, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

Application of

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

for^ten ^eara' mon*es arising or to arise of the several duties before men-

are ^ith^ tioned, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed others granted an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying for the same the increased charge occasioned by any loan raised or (lock created by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said several duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

purpose, to be kept separate from all other monies.

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

I A.B. occupier of the dwelling house situate at

do hereby declare. That the following lift contains the true and full number of clocks, and timekeepers used for the purpose of clocks, placed or being within or upon my said dwelling house, or any office or building belonging thereto or occupied therewith; and the true and full number and description of all the Watches, and timekeepers worn or used for the purpose of watches, which I now keep and wear, or use, or have kept and worn, or used, since the videlicet,

No. of clocks.

No. of gold watches.

No. of fiber or other watches.

And

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 403

And I do also further declare, That the following lift contains, the names of all persons now dwelling in my said dwelling house, offices, or buildings, who ought to be assessed to the said duty, to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that I have caused the contents of the notice left at my dwelling house to be made known to each of them; and that they have severally made the declaration set opposite their respective names, which names are of their respective hand writing; videlicet,

Names.

A.B.

C.D.

No. of clocks.

No. of gold watches.

No. of silver or other watches.

Cap. cix.

An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy; and for making further provision for those purposes.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and Order in ninety-five, mas pleased to order that general reprisals be granted council of against the ships, goods, and subjects, of the United Provinces, 1795* and so that as well his Majesty's fleets and flips, as also all other ships and vessels that flould be commissionated by letters of marque, or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, flould and lawfully might seize all ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the aforesaid United Provinces, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions: and whereas his Majesty, by another order in council, of Nov. 9, dated the ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and recited. ninety-six, was pleased to order that general reprizals he granted against the ships, goods, and subjects, of the king of Spain, so that as well his Majesty's fleets and ships, as also all other flips and vessels that flould be commissionated by letters of marque, or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, flould and might lawfully seize all flips, vessels, and goods, belonging to the king of Spain, or his subjects, or others inhabiting within the territories of the king of Spain, and bring the same to judge?nent in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions: now, for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majesty's ships of war, and the officers and seamen of all other British ships and vessels having commissions and letters of marque; and for inducing all British seamen, who may

4°4

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

be in any foreign service, to return into this kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the trade of his Majesty's subjects; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Officers and That the flag oflleers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, Majesty'sfleet marines? and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in to have all his Majesty's pay, shall have the foie interest: and property of and ships and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, 1 belonging cargoes be- to the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting Unitecfp^6 wit^n any of the territories of the United Provinces, which they vinces or have taken lince the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against the United Provinces, and also shall have the foie interest: and property of and in all and every Chip, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, belonging to the king of Spain, or his subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, which they have taken since the ninth day or November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against Spain, after the same respectively shall have been finally future procla- adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty's mation, courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America, or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorised to take cognizance of such captures, to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his several proclamations of the twenty fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with regard thereto respectively, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamations to be issued for those purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, being armed, officered, and employed, in his Majesty's service, who have, since the dates of the above mentioned respective orders in council, taken, or who.

Spain, taken since the dates of the respective orders in council, divided agreeably to proclamations of Nov.25, 1795, and Jan. 25, 1797, or any

and also the arms, &c. taken in any fortress, or vessels in any creek, See, belonging thereto.

during the continuance of hostilities against the said United Provinces and Spain respectively, shall take, any fortress upon the land, or any arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure, belonging to the state, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, upon the land, or any ship or vessel, or merchandizes laden on board the same, in any creek, river, haven, or road, belonging to and defended by such fortress upon the land, shall have the foie interest: and property of and in all and every such arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, merchandizes, and treasure, ships and vessels, and merchandizes laden on board the same, after the final adjudication

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 405

thereof as lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty, duly authorised as aforesaid, (which courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cases of prize), to be distributed by his Majesty in such proportions and manner as herein-before is mentioned.

III. Provided always nevertheless. That in all conjund expe- ^ier^n^|ie ditions of the navy and army against any such fortrels upon the

land, directed by instructions from his Majesty, the flag and jointly against general officers and commanders, and other officers, seamen, a fortress, marines, and soldiers, acting in such conjunct expedition, fha 11 oforizes

have such proportionable interest and property as his Majesty, to°beas his under his sign manual, shall think fit to order and directs, in all Majesty shall and every the arms, ammunition, flores of war, goods, mer- direct, chandizes, and treasure, belonging to the slate, or tt> any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, which have been or shall, be found in any such fortress, or upon the land, and also in all and every ship and ship?, vessel and vessels, with their arms, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all and every the merchandizes and other effects on board, which shall be captured in any road, haven, river, or creek, belonging to and defended by such fortress, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Vessrls, Sec. all and every ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, ^ers^f^na^Vie flores of war, goods and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their to j, e divided furniture, tackle, and apparel, belonging to the United Provinces between the and the king of Spain, or their respective subjects, or others inha- owners and biting within any of their respective territories, which have been

taken since the said fifteenth day of September one thousand seven agr£e. hundred and ninety-five, and the said ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively, or which shall be taken during the continuance of hostilities against Holland and Spain respectively, by or with the ship or vessel of any private owner or owners according to or under the authority of any commission or letter of marque, granted or to be granted in pursuance of this act by the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any four or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being first finally adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America or elsewhere, which shall be duly authorised as aforesaid),

shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among, the owner and owners of such private ship or vessel, and the several persons who shall have been on board the same, and aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such fharesand proportions, manner and form, as shall be agreed on with such owner or owners, his or their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners and the persons who shall be so entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or

405 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captor of such prize ship or vessel, arms, ammunition, (fores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under such agreements, shall be entitled to any part or share thereof; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas, by an act made and passed in the thirty-third Regulations of year of reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the

c^ref edt encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually ing vessels, &c. mann*mto his Majesty's navy, several provisions and regulations belonging to were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the France, to ex- fa'l{ij aft intended in the profectition of hojliliiies against France; be it a^e^e^t; S enac^e^ by the authority aforesaid, That all the provisions and where hereby regulations contained in the said recited act relating to the ships altered. and vessels, ammunition, stores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure, belonging to France, or to any subjects, or publick trading company of France, which shall be taken by the ships or vessels of war in his Majesty's pay, or by conjunct expeditions of the navy and army, or relating to the grant of commissions, or letters of marque, to the owners of private ships and vessels, the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of marque, and relating to the payment of bounty money for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying the ships of war or privateers belonging to the enemy; and all other clauses, provisoes, restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things whatsoever contained in the said recited act, (except so far as the same shall be altered or amended by this present act), shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and construed to extend, and are hereby declared to extend to all and every ship and vessel, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure, belonging to the United Provinces and the king of Spain respectively, or to any of their respective subjects or publick trading companies, or to others inhabiting within any of their respective territories, which have been taken ftnee the said fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, 2nd the ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively, or which, during the continuance of hostilities against the said United Provinces and Spain respectively, shall be taken by any ships or vessels of war in his Majesty's pay, or by conjunct expeditions of the navy and army, and also to the grant of commissions or letters of marque for general reprizals against the ships, goods, and subjects of the said United Provinces and king of Spain respectively, and to the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of marque; and also to the taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying the ships of war and privateers of the said United Provinces and king of Spain respectively, and shall be in force during the continuance of such hostilities last above mentioned, as fully, amply, and effectually,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109, 407

to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said provisions, regulations, clauses, provisoes, restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Pre-emption aforesaidd, That, from and after the passing of this act, Pre" to be^ o^ered emption or refusal of all ships or vessels of war already taken, or to the navy which shall hereafter be taken, from any of his Majesty's board, and of enemies, during the present hostilities, with their tackle, furniture, guns> &c» to and stores, shall be offered and tendered to the principal officers ^nd if refuted' and of of his Majesty's navy for the time being, for a certificate*and on behalf of his Majesty; and that the pre-emption or refusal to be granied of the guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, found on board such to t^e captors, {hips or vessels, shall be offered and tendered to the master general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance for the time vessel to be being, for and on behalf of his Majesty; and in case the said considered as principal officers and of of his Majesty's navy, and British built, matter general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance tQe^fpJfe respectively, shall think fit to purchase such {hips or vessels, guns, Gf the guns, arms, and ordnance flores, or any of them, the same shall be See. paid for (on proper title being made thereto) by bills or debentures, in the course of the navy and ordnance respectively, according to such valuation as they the said principal officers and of of the navy and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance respectively, shall adjudge to be fair and reasonable: but if within six weeks after such respective tenders, in case such ship or vessel shall be -brought into any port of this kingdom, and within a reasonable time after such respective tenders, in case such ship or veiled shall be carried into any other part of his Majesty's dominions, the said principal officers and of of the navy, and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance respectively, shall refuse to purchase, contract, or bargain for, such {hips or vessels, guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, or any of them, then, and in such case, they the said principal officers and of of the navy, and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance or any three or more of them respectively, shall give a

certificate of such tender and refusal under their hands, to the captor or captors of such ship or vessel, guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, or to their agent or agents, which certificate, as to the tender and refusal of such ship or vessel, shall be deemed a necessary document, (over and besides what is already required by law), to entitle such ship or vessel to be considered as a British-built ship or vessel, and shall be produced to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs, before the captor or captors, or their agents,

shall obtain such certificate of the registry thereof, as is directed, with respect to ships or vessels condemned as prize, by aa act of parliament, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of flipping and navigation \ and which certificate, as

Recital of 33 Geo. 3. c.

66, respectin° letters of marque.

Admiralty may grant letters of marqu this act, for vessels having them under recited actt, upon production of an authentic

408 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

to such guns, arms, and ordnance stores, shall be deemed a necessary document to entitle such captors, or their agents, to sell and dispose thereof to any other person or persons; any thing in the said recited atff, made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this present act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas, by the said recited act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That all and every person or persons who fioall apply to the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, in order to obtain any commission or letter of marque, shall make every such application in writing, and therein set forth an exact description of the pip or vessel for which such commission or letter of marque is requested, specijying the name and burthen of such ship or vessel, and other particulars therein mentioned; and that every commander of a private flnp or vessel of war, for which a commission or letter of marque shall be granted in pursuance of the said act, shall produce such commission or letter of marque to the collector, customer, or searcher, for the time being, of his Majesty's customs, refiling at or belonging to the port from whence such ship or vessel pall be ftrfi fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer, or searcher; which said collector, aiftomer, or searcher, is thereby directed to examine such ship or vessel: and if the same shall be found to be of such built and burthen, and to be manned and armed according to the tenor of the description inserted in such commission or letter of marque, to give a certificate thereof in writing to such commander, which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance before such pip or vessel pall be permitted to fail from that port; and it is also by the said recited act provided, that the burthen of such pip or vessel so to be certified shall be ascertained by the certificate of regijlry granted for such pip or vessel under and pursuani to the directions of the before-mentioned act, made in the twenty six th year of the reign of his present Majesty, which certificate pall be produced to the said lord high admiral, or of for executing the said office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any commission or letter of marque for such pip or vessel: and whereas it may be expedient in certain caf es to dispense with the production to the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, of the original certificate oj'regijlry granted under the before-mentioned act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, previous to the issuing of a commission or letter of marque under the provfions of this act; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the satisfac-faction of the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for execute

c underng r^e °^ce of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, on the application of any person or persons for a commission or letter of marque to be granted for any ship or vessel in pursuance of this act, that a commission or letter of marque hath been already granted for such ship or vessel in pursuance of the said former act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, and that such ship or vessel hath cleared out of

1

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 409

port conformably to the above recited provisions contained in the copyof said former act, and that no opportunity hath since occurred certificates during the time such ship or vessel being in any port of this kingdom, for the owners of such ship or vessel, or their agents, to obtain a commission or letter of marque for such ship or vessel in pursuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord high admiral, or of for executing the said office of lord high Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, to order commission or letter of marque to be issued under the provisions of this act, for any such ship or vessel, upon the production to them of an authentick copy of the before-mentioned certificate of registry under the hand of the collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuffbms, and that no commander of any ship or vessel, for which such commission or letter of marque shall have been lo issued as last mentioned, shall, by reason of his departure with Ins ship or vessel from his port of clearance before such commission or letter of marque hath been obtained be subject or liable to any penalty or punishment whatsoever, nor shall such commission or letter of marque by reason thereof be rendered null and void; any thing in the said former act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this act, contained to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the commanders of ships and vessels, having commissions or Utters of marque are directed and enjoined by their comm 'ijftons, and the printed instructions accompanying the same, to transmit accounts of their proceedings, and the captures by them made, and of other particulars therein mentioned., front time to time, to the commissioners for executing the effee of lord high admiral of Great Britain fur the time beings or their secret ary, and to keep a corrcfpon-$ deuce with them by all opportunities that fall present: and whereas such directions and injunctions have been very much, if not totally, disregarded on the part of commanders of ships and vessels having commissions and letters of marque % for remedy whereof, be it enacted by ^anch^of the authority aforesaid, That the captain, master, commander, or CVery vessel commanding officer for the time being, of every ship or vessel of marque to having a commission or letter of marque for reprizals against any keepa journal, of his Majesty's enemies during the present hostilities, shall, during every voyage or cruize to be taken by such ship or vessel ticuhrV^and after the passing of this act, keep a regular journal, con- on his arrival taining a true and exact account of his daily transactions and at any port, proceedings with such ship or vessel, and the crew thereof, the ports or places he shall put into, or caff anchor at, the time of his chjef flay there, and the cause thereof, the prizes he ("hall take, the officer of nature and probable value of such prizes, the times and places the customs, when and where taken, and how and in what manner he shall dispose of the same, the ships or vessels he shall fall in with the mustered &c. times and places when and where he shall meet with them, and and transmit his observations and remarks thereon -y also of whatever else shall the par-occur to him, or any of his officers or mariners, or to be dif- t^ulars, with covered or found out by examination or conference with any tolheadl*

mariners rniralty.

410 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109.

[1796.-

mariners or passengers of or in any other ships or vessels, or by any other ways or means, whatsoever touching or concerning the fleets, vessels, and forces of the enemy, their ports and places of ilation and destination, strength, numbers, intents, and designs; and such captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer for the time being, shall immediately on his arrival in any port of this kingdom, or of any other his Majesty's dominions, from or during the continuance of any voyage or cruize undertaken after the passing of this act, produce his commission for such ship or vessel, and deliver up such journal so kept as aforesaid, signed with his proper name and hand writing, to the collector, ^comptroller, or other chief officers of the customs, at or neared: to such port, the truth of which journal shall be verified by the oath of such captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer for the time being, before such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer; (which oath the said collector, comptroller, or other chief officer, is hereby authorised and required to admini.fter); and such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer, shall immediately, on the said arrival of such ship or vessel, order the tide surveyor, or other water guard officer, to goon board such ship or vessel, and muster and take an account of her officers and men, and also of the number and nature of the guns, and whatever else shall occur to him, on such examination material to be known, by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being; the particulars of all which, such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer, shall forthwith transmit to the said of, or their secretary for the time Ko letter of being, together with such journal so as aforesaid delivered up for leave the % ort t^', e information of the said of j and that no ship or till the jour- vessel, having such commission or letter of marque, shall be per-nal shall have mitted to fail out of port again after such her arrival until such been deliver- journal shall have been delivered up as aforesaid, and until such certificate captain, mailer, commander, or commanding officer, shall have obtained that obtained a certificate under the hand of such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, that such ship or vessel is manned and armed according to the tenor and description inscribed in such commission or letter of marque as aforesaid, which certificate such collector, comptroller, or other officer of the customs, is hereby authorised and required to give gratis, in case such ship or vessel shall be found to be manned and armed conformably to such description as above mentioned, and on the delivery of which certificate the former certificate of the like nature vvhkh shall have been granted in reflect of such ship or vessel, shall be given up to the said collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs; and if any collector, compr troller, or other officer of the customs, shall wilfully and knowingly grant any false or fraudulent certificate for any such ship or vessel, he shall, for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under government, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full colls of luit, by any person or perform who will sue for the

it is manned and armed agreeably to the commission.

Officers giving false certificates, to forfeit their office, and look

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 411

same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no eflfoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds, when Application recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the of the for-"other moiety to the treasurer for the time being of the corpo- fcituie* ration for the support of the sick, maimed, and disabled Teamen, and of the widows and children of such as shall be kilied, (lain, or drowned, in the service of the merchants, for the use of such corporation, or where such forfeiture shall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is established for the purposes aforesaid, then one moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation so to be established.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Rules to be in case any such thip or vessel so having a commission or letter of observed by marque, shall, in the course of her voyage or cruize meet or fall ^ters^of5 in with any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or ships or marque on vessels in the service^)t his Majesty's revenue of customs or excise, meeting ships the captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of such of war or ot ship or vessel having such commission or letter of marque shallt eievenue* and is hereby required to produce to the captain or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of war, or revenue ship or vessel, the said journal, so to be kept as aforesaid, and also his commission for such ship or vessel, and the certificate given by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port from whence she shall have laffc failed, of her being manned and armed agreeably to the description above mentioned; and such Captains of captain or officer commanding such ship or vessel of war, or the King's revenue ship or vessel, shall and is hereby required to make a j^.^Sat0 memorandum in such journal of she day on which it was so pro- memorandum duced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such memorandum; of production and in case such ship or vessel, on board which such journal is of journals required to be kept as aforesaid shall put into a foreign Port where there is a British consul, or other chief British officer, the British con-captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of such fuls at foreign ship or vessel so having a commission or letter of fnarque, shall ports, and is hereby required to produce such journal, and also his commission, and the certificate above mentioned, to such British consul or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum in such journal of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like manner, subscribe the same; and such captain or officer commanding such Such captains ship or vessel of war, or revenue ship or vessel, and such Brit if]) a*

consul, or other chief British) officer at such foreign port respect foreign ports> tively, b shall and may, by themselves, or any person or persons to mutter the authorised or deputed by them, go on board such ship or vessel crew, &c. of so having a commission or letter of marque, and mutter thelettsrc5 ot officers and crew thereof, and examine the guns, arms, and maiciuc' ammunition, on board the same, and if the same shall not correspond with the commission and certificate above mentioned

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

Penalty on captains for not keeping a jon rnal, making false entries, or false oath, or not observing any of the foregoing rules.

respectively, such captain or officer, or British consul, or other chief British officer, shall forthwith (o communnicate the same to the secretary for the time being to the said of ( for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the information of the said of.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of any such ship or vessel so having acommission or letter of marque as aforesaid, dial) neglect or omit to keep such journal in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully make, or cause or procure to be made, any false or fraudulent entries therein, or wilfully neglect to make, or fubduct, expunge, obliterate, or erale when made, any material transaction or occurrence relative to the proceedings of such ship or vessel wherein his Majesty's interest is in any manner concerned, or shall refuse to produce to the captain or other officer commanding any ship or vessel of war, or revenue ship or vessel, which he shall meet or fall in with in the course of his voyage or cruize, or to the British consul or chief British officer at such foreign port, such journal so to be kept as aforesaid, or the commission for such ship or vessel, or the certificate of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customsat the port from whence he shall have last (ailed as aforesaid, or shall jefufe to permit such captain or officer commanding such ship or vessel of war, or revenue ship or vessel, or such British consul, cr chief British officer at such foreign port, or the person or persons by them respectively authorised for that purpose, to come on board such ship or vessel for the purpose of muttering her officers and crew, and examining her guns, arms, and ammunition, or shall, after his arrival in any port as aforesaid, fail out again without having delivered, upon oath, such journal so kept and signed as aforesaid, and without having produced his commission for such ship or vessel, and obtained such certificate from the collector, comptroller, or chief officer of the customs, as before mentioned, and also delivered up to him the certificate which, shall have been before granted in respect of such ship or vessel; then, and in either of the said cases, the ooinmission or commissions, and letter or letters of marque, granted for such ship or vessel, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and such captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and the other moiety, together with full costs of suit, to the use of such person as shall discover and sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and moreover, in case any captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer, shall take a false oath on delivering up such journal as aforesaid, he shall, on conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perils

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. 413

jury* and in case any of the offences above mentioned shall be -committed out of this realm, the same may be alledged to have been commited, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined, in any county in England, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the body of such county.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on if the captain, mailer, acting owner, or other person having the of^hanta command of any merchant ship under convoy, shall wilfully unj€r dlfobey signalsor instructions, or any other lawful commands of convoy for the commander of the convoy, or shall desert the convoy without riot obeying notice given, and leave obtained for that purpose, he shall be ^Snals» 1 liable to be articled against in the court of instance in the high

court of admiralty, at the suit of the King in his office of admiralty, for disobedience to the orders of the convoy, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined, at the discretion of the said court, in any sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, and shall suffer such imprisonment, not exceeding, one year, as the said court shall adjudge.

XII. And whereas by an act, made and passed in the nineteenth Qe0 -year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the c>67.'0<\ encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, it is enacted, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers on board

every floip and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, should have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-ninth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take, during the continuance of hostilities against France, [being fir [I finally adjudged lawful prize), to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner as in his Majesty's proclamation therein mentioned was directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should dir eft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued; and it is by the said act directed, that after the fate or sales of any prize or prizes taken by any of his Majesty's ships of ivar, publick notification should be given by the agents appointed for the receipt and distribution of prize and bounty money as therein mentioned, for the payment of the several shares to the captors, in the manner therein particularly set forth \ after which notification, if any man's Jhareshould remain in the hands of the agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to f uch men as should be run fro?n his Majesty sjervice, or which should not be demanded within three years, then-such Share or shares so remaining in the agents hands, or belonging to such men as should run from his Majesty's service,

should go and be paid to the ujc ^/'Greenwich Hospital: and whereas by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign, of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the said session ao ^eo- 3* of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of0*23' seamen, and the more speedy and effectualmanning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provisions for those purposes and by another act, made in the twenty flrfl year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, ar Geo. 3.

and c* I5? anc

4*4

3S Geo. 3. c. i2i} recited.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, it was enabled, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers* seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every ship or vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, should have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken since the respective days in the said acts respectively mentioned, or shoidd thereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against Spain and the United Provinces respectively, (being adjudged latvful prize)y to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty had by hisfever al proclamations in the said acts respectively mentioned, directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should think f t to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffiuedfor thoft pwposes; and whereas by another at7, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, c' An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provisions for those purposes and also an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy and for the better encouragement of seamen for his Majesty's navy; after reciting the first-mentioned act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and that by the two last mentioned acts of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of his said Majesty, certain provisions were made for the distribution and payment of prize and bounty money to arise from Spanish and Dutch ships and vessels to be captured by such flips and vessels as should be commissioned by letters of marque; but that no sufficient provisions or regulations were containeddn the two last mentioned acts respecting such Spanish and Dutch ships and vessels as should be captured by his Majesty's ships and vessels of war; it was therefore en a ft eel. That all the provisions and regulations in the said two last mentioned acts should extend to all such Spanish and Dutch prizes as were made by any of his Majesty's ships and vessels of war during the hostilities therein mentioned, and that no lapse of time should incur or be pleadable in bar of the demands which might thereafter be made by the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, under and by virtue of the said acts as thereby amended\ but from the passing of that act: and whereas, during the continuance of the hostilities mentioned in the three several first above recited acts, divers flaps and vessels, goods, merchandizes, treasure, and effects, of great value, were captured by the conjoint operation of his Majesty's sea and land forces, and after final condemnation as prize, the proceeds thereof were paid to the agents for the captors, to be distributed in such proportions as were established in the navy for the distribution of prizes, or as his Majesty tshould think proper to dir eft: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the flares belonging to such men as should be run from his Majesty's sea fa vice, or which should

not

4*5

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 109

not be demanded within three years of and in such proportions of the

proceeds last mentioned as were allotted to the sea forces employed in

drjfereyit captures, should go and he paid to the use of Greenwich

Hospital, in the same manner as the like Jharcs of the proceeds of prizes taken by his Majesty's sea forces alone are by the said first recited act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and by the said two subsequent acts of the twentieth and twenty-first years of his said Majesty's reign, as amended by the said last recited act, made in the thirty-fifth year of his said Majesty's

reign, directed to be paid: to obviate which doubt?, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the shares belonging to such Shares of

men as shall be run from his Majesty's sea service of and in all the"

such parts and proportions of the proceeds of the ships, vef- hostilities,

fels, treasure, goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects, taken mentioned in

during the hofbilities mentioned in the said three first above the three fidt w^ recited ciCrs

recited acts, by the conjoint operation of his Majesty's sea and joint]y by the

land forces, as shall have been decreed, granted, or allotted, to Yea and land

his Majesty's sea forces, employed in making capture thereof, forces, be-

and also all such shares of and in the said parts and proportionslaUors^vho

of the said proceeds as have not been, or shall not be, demanded have run an(j

within three years from the times of the respective notification shares not of distribution thereof, shall go and be paid to the treasurer of demanded

the said hospital at Greenwich, for the use of the said hospital; and within three l*l*vc<-ifc* from

that all and singular the provisions land regulations, clauses, notification

provisoes, restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and of distribu-things whatsoever, contained in the said recited act of the nine- tion, to be teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the y^0f0Qreen notification of payment and distribution of the proceeds of prizes wjch hospitab taken by his Majesty's ships of war, and to the making up the &c. accounts thereof, and also to the payment of the shares of run men and unclaimed shares of such proceeds to and to the use of the said hospital at Greenwich, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all such parts and proportions of the proceeds of prizes taken during the hostilities last above mentioned by the conjoint operation of his Majesty's sea and land forces, as shall have been so decreed, granted, or allotted, to his Majesty's sea forces, as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any^ wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation

any person or persons for any matter or thing by him or them 0 ac lons"

done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such

adbon or suit shall be commenced within two years next after the matter or thing done, and the defendant or defendants in

such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and General HTue.

give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be

had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by

authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or prosecution,

416 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. no.

[1796.

or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall Treble costs. have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Continuance

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of ad. That this act shall continue in force during the present hostilities

with France, the United Provinces, and Spain respectively, (as far as the matters and things herein contained relate to or concern the said hostilities respectively), and no longer; save and except all such matters and things as shall be depending in judgement in the high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain, or the plantations, in consequence of the capture or captures made during the present hostilities, or of any offence committed contrary to this act, in respect whereof this act shall continue in full force until such matters, and every thing dependent thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. CX.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of citjloms on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried coastwise; and on pepper to- be used and consumed in this kingdom.

[July 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties of customs herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present From July i8j parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That,

17?7> an act- from and after the eighteenth day of July one thousand seven ^lune^rect and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, every'lb. of and pa: d, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-werehoused cessors, over and above the duties payable by law, the following pepper deli- additional duties of customs, in ready money, without any dif-home con- count or abatement whatever; that is to lay, For every pound fumption. weight of pepper which shall have been, or shall be, lodged or secured in any warehouse in this kingdom, under his Majesty's locks, an additional duty of three-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity: which said duty shall be paid to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs, before any such pepper shall be delivered out of or from any such warehouse, in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. no. 417

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised. An additional levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, ^rcent^tobe his heirs and successors, an additional duty of customs, at and paid^pon^he after the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the produce and amount of amount of all the several duties of customs payable by law, for the duties of and upon any goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall be

imported into, exported from, or brought or carried coastwise imposed, 0 within Great Britain^ except as herein after is excepted: pro-exported, or vided always, That the said duty of five pounds per centum, carried coast-herein-before granted, shall not be charged or paid for or on Wlfe* # account of any prize goods which shall be warehoused in this Pnze kingdom, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made for houseVThe* granting relief to the captors of prizes, with respect to the additional bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom, unless and duty not to until such goods shall be taken out of, or delivered from, such delwo^out warehouses, to be used or consumed in this kingdom; in which for home con. case, and before any prize goods now warehoused, or hereafter fumption. to be warehoused, shall be so taken out of, or delivered from, such warehouses, the duty of five pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the respective duties of customs, payable by law on any such goods so taken out of, or delivered from, such warehouses, shall be first paid to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs: provided also, That the said duty of five Additional pounds per centum herein-before granted, shall not be charged or char^edVn C paid on the produce and amount of the duties of customs payable, tea> &c# im_ on the importation into Great Britain of any tea, sugar, wine, ported, nor on tobacco, ordinary oil of olives, or callicoes, nor on the produce the additional and amount of the additional duties of customs of five pounds and of ten pounds per centum granted by an act, parted in this ancj I0i p<lr present session of parliament, (amongst other things), for granting cent, granted to his Majesty certain duties of customs on goods, wares, and tIlis fefiipn. merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional duties ^on^e

respectively imposed by this act upon pepper to be used in this per subject^to kingdom, shall be also subject and liable to an additional duty of the additional five pounds per centum thereon, in the same manner and under duty ofjl. the same regulations as the said duty was imposed by the act of ^f0^n ranted parliament parted in this present session before-mentioned, and this fcf^on shall also be subject and liable to the additional duty of five and to the 5l. pounds per centum granted by this present act. per cent.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties of customs by this act granted as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the un^enhe^of of the customs in England for the time being; management and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called of the com* Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of uruffioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being. England and

V. And be it further enacted, That the several duties of Scotland Customs granted by this act shall and may be respectively ma- respectively. naged, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, and Duties to be

Vol. XLI, E e recovered managed as

418 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. no.

[1796.

the duties recovered, in such and the like manner, and in and by any and

like°oodTb elt^er waYs> means, or methods by which the duties of

3.^customs imposed On the like goods by an act passed in the c. 13. and twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (amongst the atts in other things), for repealing the several duties of customs and

a\his exc^e? and granting other duties in lieu thereof, were or

act to extend be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered,

thereto, paid, and recovered; and the said goods, 'wares, or merchandize, so by this a<£l respectively made chargeable with duties of customs, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize were subject and liable, by any aor acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the pasting of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acfts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and di-regions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs hereby respectively charged, (as far as the same are applicable thereto), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

carried to the And be it further enacted, That all the monies from

consolidated6 time to time ar^ing by the several new and additional duties by fund. this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising

and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

Application

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the which^for io mon^es to ar'^e as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be fuf-years/are, ficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the with others purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan granted for raised or stock created by virtue of any act or acts passed in this the fame^pur- feq-lon of parliament* and that the said monies, during the space keptVeparate of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said from all other receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all monies. other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be

provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties and paid into the said receipt by virtue of this atft shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted, or to be granted, in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered, Separate and apart from all other

---

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 111. 419

monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional stamp duty on deeds.

[July 19, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

---

authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, col- For every

leded, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, upon e

every deed which dial 1 be made after the first day of August one If

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, an additional stamp additional duty of ten shillings, which duty shall be paid over and above all duty of 10s.

duties now payable on the damped vellum and paper, whereon to Pa*d*

such deed shall be engrossed, written, or printed.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall Act not to

be <; onftrued to extend to charge any bond or letter of attorney fxte^d to.7, r 1 G*iii.bonds or

with the duty hereby imposed; nor any deed whatever, executed letters of

by any party, or anyone or more of the parties thereto, and bear- attorney, &c.

ing date before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in N?r to cer-this act contained shall be construed to extend to any indenture of apprenticeship, where a sum or value not exceeding ten pounds premiceship, shall be given or contracted with or in relation to the apprentice; or leases. nor to any lease of lands or tenements, for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, the full improved annual value whereof, and rent reserved thereby, shall not be more than ten pounds; nor to any lease for lives, or for years determinable on lives, where the fine or consideration shall not exceed twenty pounds, and the rent reserved shall not exceed forty shillings; any thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more Duty to be effectual levying, collecting, and paying, the said duty herein- under the before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being ap- nntfioners of pointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch- stamps. rnent, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers, under them for that purpose, and to allow such* salaries and incidental

E e 2 charges

Person s forging, See. flumps, to suffer death.

420 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 111. [1796.

charges as shall be necessary; and whenever they fee occasion, to use such (lamps as shall have been provided to denote any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to cause such new marks or (lamps to be provided to denote the said duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter, the same from time to time as there shall be occasion, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the duty herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause and procure to be counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duty by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall fraudulently use any (lamp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former aeft or acts of parliament relating to the

stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (except such aftermention- a$s as are herein after mentioned), shall be in full force and to this a<fttend effe<^ relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the rafsing, levying, colleiling, and securing, the said new duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same (except as herein after mentioned) had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said duty hereby imposed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no deed shall be pleaded or given in evidence, or be good, useful, or available, in any manner whatever, unless the same shall be stamped as required by this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, upon payment within the time and in the manner herein after mentioned of the duty hereby imposed, it shall be lawful for the said of, or

may be stampt their officers appointed for such purpose, to (lamp any vellum, with the ad- parchment, or paper, or any (kin, (heer, or piece thereof, on ditional which any such deed or any part thereof shall have been engrossed,

amPi c* printed, or written, with the additional (lamp provided or directed to be used by virtue of this act; and also, on payment of the like duty, to (lamp any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which any deed, or any part thereof, shall be intended to be engrossed,

printed,

Powers of former acts relating to stamps, (except as herein

No deed good, unless properly lfamped.

On payment of duty within a limited time, deeds

421

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. iit.

printed, or written, with the said additional stamp; and no person shall, from and after the passing of this act, be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for {lamping or causing to be {lamped with such additional {lamp as aforesaid, any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which any such deed hath been engrossed, printed, or written, or for engrossing, printing, or writing, any deed upon vellum, parchment, or paper, before the same shall be {lamped with the additional {lamp to be provided according to the directions of this act; nor shall any deed be subject or liable, Deeds not by virtue of this act, to the payment of any greater duty than j^bjetf to be the sum before mentioned, or to be llamped on more than one morePthanone {kin, sheet, or piece thereof, with the said additional stamp, or skin with the to be {lamped with more than one such {lamp as aforesaid; nor additional shall the duty by this act imposed be liable to the regulations of &c*

any act or acts of the present session of parliament, respecting the stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, according to the number of common law {beets engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any thing in 2ny act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Vellum, See. person or persons to bring or fend any vellum, parchment, or, 1 to paper, on which any deed or any part thereof is intended to be the head engrossed, printed, or written, to the head office of {lamps, or office to be officer to be appointed by the said of, to be {lamped flampt with with the additional {lamp as aforesaid, before the same shall be so engrossed, printed, or written; or to bring or fend as aforesaid engrossed, any deed which shall have been engrossed, printed, or written, &c. and

on vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped according to the laws deeds on in force for {lamping vellum, parchment, or paper, to be {lamped Ja^D°s1^ on any skin, sheet, or piece thereof, with the said additional be brought {lamp, within the space of sixty days after the date thereof, and within a the said of, or their officers, are hereby respectively limited time required, on payment of the duty hereby imposed, to cause such vellum, parchment, or paper, or such deed, so brought or sent*within the time aforesaid, to be stamped according to the directions of this act, which (lamp shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty hereby granted on such deed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment. Vellum, &c. or paper, which shall be to be {lamped with the said additional the head*{lamp, before any deed or any part thereof shall be engrossed, office to be written, or printed thereon, shall be brought for such purpose, stampt with and the duty for the same shall be paid at the said head office; the additional and in case any deed shall, within sixty days after the date deeds*may thereof, be brought to the said head office to be stamped as within 60 aforesaid, then the same shall forthwith, on payment of the said days after the duty, be stamped with the said additional (lamp; and in case ^ate bethere any deed shall, within the time aforesaid, be brought, and the i*\he^utyfbe duty for the same be paid at any other office, to be appointed by paid at any the said of, the officer at such office is hereby re- other office, quired to indorse on such deed a receipt for the duty so paid, in the officer to words at length, bearing date on the day on which such payment ceipt oAhe"

*e3*' shall deed, &c.

shall be made, and to subscribe his name thereto, and enter an account thereof, in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, and forthwith to deliver back the said deed to the bringer

If the duty be not paid within 60 days, the deed may be flampt on payment of the duty and iol. penalty.

Duty to be carried to the con soli dated fund.

Appropriation of the duty, which for 10 years shall, with other duties granted for the same purpose, be kept separate from other monies.

thereof; and every such deed, on being brought to the said head office, shall be forthwith damped with the said additional stamp, by the officer to be appointed for that purpose: provided always, That if the duty for any such deed shall not be paid within the said period of sixty days before mentioned, it shall nevertheless be lawful to bring- or fend such deed to the said head office to be stamped as aforesaid, at any time after the expiration of the said sixty days from the date thereof, and it shall be lawful to damp any such deed so brought or sent after the expiration of the said sixty days, on payment of the duty hereby imposed, and the further sum of ten pounds by way of penalty, for omitting to pay the said duty within the period before mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by the said duty hereby imposed, (the necessary charges of raifng and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the said duty by this act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpo'e of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan raised or flock created by virtue of any a cl or* abls passed in this session of parliament, and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt, dillinblly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be kept and provided in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duty and paid into the said receipt

shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies, paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CXII.

An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors. [July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which adds of insolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the present condition of the prisons and gaols in this kingdom, that some of the prisoners vjho are now confined therein should beset at liberty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this abt, all and every keeper or gaoler

[Gaolers to make out lists of prisoners.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 423

of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, who* °n Jan. r liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of^t(me Of the name or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon making them the first: day of "January one thousand fevefi hundred and ninety- out, were in seven, was or were, or at any time lince have been, under the ^or

terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such lift shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, or contempt for non-payment of money; and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver bids to be de-the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second to the

general quarter session, or general session of the peace, to be held iession. after the passing of this aift, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, city, division, town, jdace, or liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his Majesty's prison of the Fleets and marshal of the king's bench prison, and to take an every other keeper and gaoler of any other prison in any place or oath on deliberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such lift of Hvering in prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open 1 ts* court of such general quarter session or general session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effect following; that is to say),

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Oath. j X God, do Solemnly Swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted and contained in the lirft part of the lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison of [inferi the name of the prison], at the suit or suits of the Several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and tlfo that all and every person and persons whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the Said lift row by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, Since the Said first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and nnety-seven, been committed or Surrendered to the said prison [mfert the name of the prison] at the suit or suits of the fevera^ person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and that the person or persons whose name or names is or are therein contained, was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, really and truly prisoners in actual custody on the said first day of January, as appears by the returns made to me on his and their respective commitments.

So help me GOD.'

E e 4 Which

424 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

Oath to be Which the said justices, at their first or second general quarter fef- administeredt flon or general leffiion aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof, and entered1 at vv^hin their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and re-the end of quired to administer in open court; and the words of the said oath,

the lift. herein-before directed to be taken by the said warden and mar-

shal respectively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be Lift to be kept subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court; and ofthlf °eace every such lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and and may lie* Iworn to, in pursuance of this act, shall be kept by the clerk of examined the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the gratis. peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place,

or liberty respectively, in which any such lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named, and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

Three copies of lifts to be fixed up in each prison ten days before the session.

Prisoners, on Jan. 1, 1797, for debts not exceeding x, 20cl. conforming to this act, to be discharged,

Justices, on petitions of prftoners, delivering schedules of their estates, may issue warrants for bringing them to the quarter session, See.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all'and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any prison or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days at least before the first or second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall be held after the passing of this act for the county, riding, city, division, town, place, or liberty, in which any prison or gaol shall be, or which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison or gaol, j and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison or gaol, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such keeper or gaoler at the said general quarter feffiions, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who on the first: day of January one thousand seven hum dred and ninety-seven, were charged in any prison or gaol for the nonpayment of any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, which did not in the whole amount to a greater sum than one thousand two hundred pounds, and whole name or names shall be inserted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, and shall perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by him or her by this act, shall be forever released, discharged, and exonerated, in fuel manner as is herein after provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and, at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. X12. 425

her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter section next ensuing after every such petition, or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feaj, or under their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, keepers or gaolers of any such prison, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the first or second next general quarter section or general section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as, aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any prison or gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; for which copy or copies of canfeor causes, such prisoner shall apply to the said keeper or gaoler of such prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six days before the time of his or her appearance, which warrant of every justice or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, keeper or gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the copy of every such Schedules to schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be [h^clerk of and remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other the peace for officer adhng as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, inspection. city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspedfed, from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every debtor and ^e^orrs in- debtors who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exone-^foAheir^" rated under this act as aforesaid, shall first cause publick notice discharge, to to be inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such gwe previous general or quarter section or general section, or the adjournment J^0^c^rice thereof, at which such application shall be made; and if such z tte debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in same newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be so in custody, containing the name, trade, occupation, and description, and the two last places of abode, if so many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the prison wherein he, {lie, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in such Gazette or newspaper to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices; for the inserting each of the said notices in the London Gazette, or in any other newspaper, there shall be paid each time, by every prisoner the sum of four-pence and no more, the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette and in the said other newspapers, as the case may require, twenty-one days at the least.

liver ichedules to the gaoler previous to the first notice,

426 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112, [1796.

and the lad: of the said notices six days at the least, before any k Inch hr ft or second general quarter section or general section, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody, as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

VIII. And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or febedales intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it

Debtorstode- further enabled, That every such debtor, when lie or (he shall (according to the directions of this act) publish the first notice of an intention to take the benefit of this act, he or she shall, in such notice, declare that the schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate (to be ivvorn to in manner as by this act is directed) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of the prifoti, wherein any such debtor shall be confined, and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own christian and surname, to be attested by any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such negledV, to the satisfaction of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain until he or (lie shall have complied with the directions aforesaid; Gaoler to at- and every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby directed tcVheduks65 anc^ recluired to attest the signature of the debtor's name to such and to give*schedule, 'and to receive the same into his custody and charge, copies to giving a duplicate thereof to every such debtor, with an acknow-debtors, and lodgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby tors demand ^url^er requited to deliver a true copy of any such schedule, in- them, on* signed by himself, upon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in writing, such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to such person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within three days after demand made; and if any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the directions hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, so offending, shall pay the sum of twenty pounds to any per foil who shall foe for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effect following; that is to say,

and for neglect, to be remanded to prison.

penalty of 20I

Notices to be given in the following form,

T

JL descriptionz confined in

[insert the name, trade, occupation, and and the two last places of abode, if so many'] now [insert the name of the prison and county],

1796.1 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 427

county^ and not being charged in custody, on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, do hereby give this \_first^ fcconcl, or third] publick notice, that intend to take the benefit of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here jet forth the title of this and if it be the first notice, then add\ and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my, real and personal estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the said prison.'

And every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and countersigned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of such prison.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, in the whole to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, who shall apply to the general or quarter section, or any adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by producing the said three- Gazettes and newspapers before mentioned, to the said justices at any such section, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers where required in manner aforesaid, and that the person or persons so applying was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the prison or gaol in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift delivered in at such first or second section, or any adjournment thereof, or in some other prison or gaol, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court, "at the said general quarter section, or general section, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expedancy, and also the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her possession at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or maybe met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured, and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name' and names, and places of abode, of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts, (if there be any such), and shall also make oath and swear to the efted following; (that is to say),

and signed by the debtor and gaoler.

Debtors applying at the session, proving notices were duly inserted, shall, in open court, deliver in signed sched ules, and take the following oath.

'I. a.b.

(ath. < T A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty

A God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven,

I was really and truly a prisoner, in the actual custody of

in the prison or gaol of at the suit of

without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that I have, ever since my commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of the

keeper or gaoler of the said prison of [or mentioning

forne other prison or prisons, as the case may be), or within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and without any fraud

or collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery of all the goods, eflFects, and estates, real and personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are seised or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or, was or were in my pofifeftion at any time since my commitment to prison, and of all debts to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the witnessfes that can prove such debts or contracts [if any such there be"\, and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me, or my use, have any lands, money, stock, or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that I have not, nor any person for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, stock, debts, securities, contracts, or estates, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to rereceive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

Schedule and And t^e said schedule and oath shall be, by every such debtor, feribed by the subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the debtor, and to peace, as hereby directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk the clerk of Gf the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, town, or place, perusal eff^w^ere the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better rn-creditors. formation of all the creditors of such debtor who shall desire or

may

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 429

may have occasion to resort thereto, and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day time, to peruse and examine the Came,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace Court, at the within their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter creditor°^ma session or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request examine*

of any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby au- gaolers on thorised to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and oath, king's bench prison, or any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any prison or gaol, and any other person, within their respective jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall have been taken in Debtors oath open court by any debtor or debtors shall not 'be disproved by good testimony of any credible person or persons on oath, and court to order such justices, or the major part of them present at any such ge- his discharge. neral quarter session or general session, or any adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by such respective debtor, then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this act; and shall order the said sheriff or sheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling for the trouble of his attendance with every such prisoner at the said sessions for his said discharge; and every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against hint or them.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Estate and all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such debtor of, in, efffdts of dif-and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and copyhold or toi^vested'0* customary, and to all the personal estate, debts, and effects, ofin the clerk every such debtor, shall, immediately after such adjudication, be, of the peace, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, town w^o is to af-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the foTuch o-edl-county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, t0rs as the where any debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every court shall such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk direct, in

of the peaqe, is hereby directed and required to make an assignment tU1^0' and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effeCis, vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor as the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, which, assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in

the

whole.

43o Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped, to vest theestates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his/her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein: and every such assignment and conveyance fit all be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, in respect of or in proportion to their respective debts; and every person or persons to whom any such alignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to execute any fruft or power vested in, or created for the use or benefit of any such debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, and to give such discharge and discharges to any person or persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Assignees to debtor as may be requisite; and every such assignee or assignees get in effects, shall, with all convenient speed after his or their accepting such and fell them, alignment or conveyance, use his and their best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor, and shall, with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such debtor vested in such assignee or assignees; and if such debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any real estate, either in possession, reversion, or expectancy, the same within the space of two months after such assignment and conveyance, shall be sold by publick audlion, in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall assemble together on any notice in writing, published in the London Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the debtor before his going to prison resided in London or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such debtor dwelled before he or file was committed to prison, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his Assignees to hands, or their hands, agree on; and every such assignee or assignees,

wish^n three^at t^ie en<^ree mont's at farthest from the time of his or months first t^ie^r accepting any such assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, verifing their shall make a fair and just dividend of all such debtor's estate and accounts on effects, which shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her oath* creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective

debt; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath in writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such debtor shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a fair and just account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by cr for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 431

all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of the divU

creditors is herein-before directed to be published, thirty days at dends to be least before the same shall be made; and no" creditor shall be given, allowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have No creditor made out the justness and identity of his debt by oath, or due j^are^proof, in writing, before some such justice or justices; and if any cf^rove

creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with the reality or fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the same, R^ljty of at the requft of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall jnquiV^to be examined into by the judices of the county, riding, division, at the fdlion. city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, and what they shall there determine in the premises shall be^j^conclusive to all parties; and if, after payment of all such debtor's to be

creditors, there shall any of his effate and effects remain, after phd the payment of all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such debtor-debtor, his executors, or administrators.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Creditors for and every creditor and creditors of any debtor who shall be dif- annuities or charged by virtue of this act, for any sum or sums of money at any payable by way of annuity, or otherwise, at any future time or future time, times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other securities of to receive any nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be under^admitted a creditor or creditors, and may and shall be entitled commission of to receive a dividend or dividends of the estate of such debtor, in bankrupt, such manner, and upon such terms and conditions, as such

creditor or creditors would have been entitled unto by the laws now in force if such debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their respective securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a proof made in respect thereof by the creditor under a commission of bankrupt, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under such commission.

XIV. And for obviating any doubts which may otherwise arifie how far the several powers and authorities^ by this act vested in or given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exercised, or performed, by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine tf/Xancaster, [the said office of clerk of the peace for the said county of Lancaster being held by letters patent from his Majesty, with the power of executing the same by deputy or deputies); be it further enacted and declared, That all conveyances and alignments of Powers of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors, and all other acts, clerlc of deeds, matters, and things, which shall be done, exercised, or county0©/ C performed in the execution of this act, by any deputy or deputies Lancaster, to of the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancaster, extend to his or by the person or persons who, for the time being, shall ex- deputies, ercife and perform the trusts and duties of the said office within

and for the said county palatine shall be of the same force, validity, and effect, in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the

432 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

Estates of debtors, not inserted in schedules. to be vested in the clerk of the peace.

Holders of securities, without confederation given, not entitled to any benefit.

Estates to vest in the clerk of the peace for the time being.

No suit in equity to be commenced without con sent of the majority in value of creditors.

Schedules to be pro bleed by clerks of the peace to creditors,

the same had been done, executed, and performed, by the cleric of the peace for the said county palatine of Lancaster for the time being.

XV. And\ to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omission in the schedule not containing the whole of the eft ate, real or personal, belonging to any debtor who shall apply for his or her dfeharge under the authority of this affi \ be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal, which shad belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be part of the estate contained in such schdule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the cleric of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adding as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person holding any security whatsoever, for which such debtor never received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive any benefit from the estate of such debtor, unless the person holding such security shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the justices at some general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the same bona fide and for good or valuable consider2tion.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom the estate right, title, interest, or trust, of any debtor or debtors shall have vested by the authority of this act, every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case maybe, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of tins ad.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such debtor's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given, at least ten days before such meeting in the London Gazette, or other newspaper which shall be published in the neighbourhood of the last residence of such debtor or debtors, for that purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, for every respective county, city, and county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolvent debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerks of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors

of

433

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112.

of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and {hew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day time, the schedule of the estate of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, which shall be left with any such clerk, of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that officer, the person so requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adiing as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling for his trouble in searching for and looking out such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party requiring to have the same looked^out, and to peruse the same; and that a true copy of every such COpie: fto be schedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other evidence, officer atfting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the jsheet, each sheet containing seventy-two words, and so in proportion for a less number of words, shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence clerk of the the same; and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town peace refusing clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, shall, on rea-to produce sonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any schedules, &c. such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, ^jt^treble*any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be costs. inspected as aforesaid in the day time, on such payment or tender as aforesaid being made to him, or shall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy-two words, and so in proportion for Jess than seventy-two words in a (beet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name of any person, who shall prosecute for the same, and one moiety of which sum forfeited shall, when recovered, Applicatioa go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the other moiety of the penalty, thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Assignees to time as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or ^i^lords of take any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as afore- manors for said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords of copyhold or the manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the customary payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender andel a CS* admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or composition made, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court., which shall be holden for the said Vol.XLL Ff manor t

434

The debtor right only t< be affected 1 by this act.

Mortgages, See. to take place of claims of ar inferior nature.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

manor or manors, shall admit such assignee or assignees, tenant or tenants of such copyhold or customary estate, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, and for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copy* hold or customary estate.

?s

XXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall a extend to prejudice or a fifed any estate or interest, or right what-3y soever, of any person or persons, other than the said debtor, which may be expectant upon or subject unto the estate or interest of the said debtor, hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as-clerk of the peace but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever of every other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved, to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to

i hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens, upon the estate of such debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprized in, or charged or affededby, such mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens respectively, nor to prevent any statute staple, statute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such ydebtor or debtors to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such debtor as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, charge, lien, statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and persons having such charges or liens, and creditors by statute recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas many persons who may he entitled to and claim the benefit of this a cl are fifed and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of gran tiny leafs, and taking fines, reserving small-rents on such efiates for one, two, or three lives, in pojfffton or reverson, orfor some number of years determinable upon lives', which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of, the creditors of such debtors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112* 435

That in every such case, aJl and every the powers of leafing Power of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be j^nd8 vested in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and assignees, are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some prisons or gaols in this kingdom, the office of keeper or gaoler is held in fee for lifey or otherwise, by persons who never aft as keepers or gaolers themselves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as keepers or gaolers of such prisons or gaols; be it therefore enacted, That in every such case, the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputy keeper or firne of de-gaoler of any such prison or gaol at the time of the delivering in livering lifts to of the lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any take the oath, such prison or gaol, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler, (unless where such principal keeper or gaoler shall act as keeper or gaoler himself), shall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every such prison or gaol.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Atrteheu^> justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or ad- creditors ° journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in gaolers to he pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or ere- sworn. ditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or

her oifeharge, administer and give to the keeper or gaoler, or the person who acts as keeper or gaoler, of any such prison or gaol, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That was really and Oath.

JL truly a prisoner in my custody, in the prison of [oif in custody in some other prison, as the case may be] to the bed of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the first day of January one rhoufanrd seven hundred and ninety-seven; and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced to the said court, is or are a

true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such commitment or detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper Perf?^ or gaoler, of any such prison or gaol, on the said first day January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or since, gaoler on shall not happen to be the keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper Jan. 1, 1797, or gaoler, of any such prison or gaol, at the time of any such lift as ta^e

Ff2 afore- the Mlow.ng

436 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the justices, at any such session, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any such prison or gaol, and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison or gaol, to the effect following; (that is to say),

f>atlu i Y Jm B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments,

JL or books kept of or concerning the commitment of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding,

division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case shall be\ and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fidtitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then keeper or gaoler,

or deputy keeper or gaoler, of the said prison or gaol, [or other prison, as the case may be\ without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

At request of

creditors, gaolers may be examined on oath at the sessions touching commitments.

Penalty on

sheriffs, &c. disobeying orders of justices, &c.

XXVI. And) in order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisonerc in any prison or gaol books; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any prison or gaol within their respective jurisdictions, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at any time since; and to examine every such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any sheriff, keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to bring before any such justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any such prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that purpose, he shall on conviction suffer six months imprisonment, or if any keeper or gaoler attending, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1x2. 437

for the use of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or gaoler of any prison, or his deputy or printer of deputies, dial), without just cause, to be approved of by the the Gazette, justices at some general quarter section, or general section of the &c* for not peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refule or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners, as afore- gUiations of said, ^jfo any such general quarter section, or general section, or this act. adjournment thereof, in order to his or her discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the name or names of any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his or their respective prison or gaol, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lifts as aforesaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein-before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain any such prisoner after he or (lie shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of The London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforesaid,

shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid, or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof, every such keeper and gaoler of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as tiforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in every such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds5 which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy Penalty ori keeper, or gaoler of any prison, shall, in taking of the afore- gaolers for mentioned oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall PerJury* thereof be lawfully convicted, such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of such prison or prisons, (over and above the penalties to be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury), shall upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full costs, by bill, plaint* or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WeshnirJier, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any

f f 3 assign-

438 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

alignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors, who shall sue for the said penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards satisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors, clerks of the

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace refuting peace or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as to give copies clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such tions^of chf" Pr ner-> adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as aforesaid, charges, &c. fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy of the order

of adjudication, on the payment of two shillings and sixpence, or, shall take more than the sum of two shillings and sixpence for such copy, or shall take more than one shilling for an alignment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate and effects, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner, the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace so offending.

XXX. ' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Debtors for- That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the benefit of

this act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (lie, of they, so offending, shall suffer such punishment as by law may be inflicted on persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this act shall, at any time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or

debts prior to decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, Jan. i, 1797. bond, damages, contempts for nonpayment of money, cods, sum or sums of money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said fird day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, but that upon every arred upon every judgement, or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, coils, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, or for any two justices of the peace, upon shewing the copy of the order of adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or suits to pay such prisoner or prisoners the cods he, she, or they, shall have incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such

judge

lvvcanag, lu be deemed guilty of perjury.

Persons discharged not liable for

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1 iz. 439

judge or justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered so to do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such ablion or suit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former adds of this kind, doubts have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at any session to be d if charged, who owed and flood charged with debts, as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respective acts\ to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of Prisoner* not any debts incurred subsequent to the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and if it shall appear qUentto Jan.

to the justices, at any session or adjournment, that any prisoner 1, 1797.

or prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand

charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said

first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to remand him

or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from

whence he or she was brought, for all debts with which he or

she stands charged with in his custody, incurred subsequent to

the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person, being a prisoner, charged in execution Prisoners who, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ^folver^011 ninety-seven, and having before or since that day petitioned any debtors have court to be discharged as an insolvent debtor, and having con- been remand-formed to the several provisions of the laws in being for that back, and purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the court, before j?har ed"with which such prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the out their^cou-prison or gaol from which such prisoner was brought up, there sent, entitled to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her plain- to the benefit tiff or plaintiffs to pay to him or her two shillings and four-pence weekly and every week, or such other allowance as by law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as such prisoner should remain in execution at the suit of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such prisoner so continued in execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her own privity or consent, subsequent to the said first clay of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the day whereon he or file might otherwise have applied to take the benefit of this act, every such prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such discharge, to the same relief and advantage, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained'by virtue of this abt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

f f4 XXXIV. And

Act: may be pleaded to at action of escape

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be brought aa?on aga^n^ any jtiftice or justices of the peace, sheriff, keeper, or

gaoler of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Act may be That if any Scire Facias, or action of debt or upon judgement, Se.ne' shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors.

rally by prisoners* Sec,

Act not to extend to attornies, or servants embezzling money;

or administrators, upon any judgement obtained against any such prisoner, or on any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with respect to prisoners in actual custody upon the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prison, or in some other prison, at such a person's suit on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and was or were duly discharged, according to this act, at the general quarter session, or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is), without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution, (over and above such matters as aforesaid,) that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contrafted or due before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in tb^ same manner as the plaintiff might have replied in case the'defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this act, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble costs.

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons acting, or pretending to act as such, with regard to any debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any money, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as

such.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 441

such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own use; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any other person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, she, or they Hi all (land charged for or on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use and on account of his, her, or their master or matters, or employers, and by such fgfvant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many evil-difipofecl persons, to support their profligate way of life, have, by various jubtle stratagems, threats, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers sums of money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other fecu-rides for money, to the great injury of industrious families, and to

the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no^.Persons prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or money*, "Ice. pretences, shall have obtained from any person or persons money, on false pregoods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promis- tenets 5 fory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but thejuttices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many debtors, for rents of lands, messuages, houses, or other premises, have, with fraudulent intent to di/appoint the right of their respective landlords, removed the flock, cattle, fir-niture, goods, or other effects, which were subject and liable to be distrained for the satisfaction of the said rents; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, in a nor to persons secret, clandestine, or fraudulent manner, shall have removed, f^s^fThe " or caused to be removed, within six years before the passing of value ofoI. this add, any such stock, cattle, furniture, goods; or effects, of liable to be the value of fifty pounds or upwards, which were subject or distrained ior liable to be distrained by their respective landlords for or in pay- rent>

ment of such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have loft all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this act, but shall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud their creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or affgned, their estate and effects to some person or persons subsequent to their being in custody of law, or imprisorted under some pro efs for debt: and whereas such Jale, transfer, conveyance, or afignment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and h on eft creditor, though fujftcient proof could not be obtained to convidl the party of a fraudulent defgn:

bo

Gaolers to permit prisoners to be spoken with, &c. on penalty O140I,

442 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

nor to persons be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved, by one or more Ikmhf Tffebts cree^kle witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of the court to to ddraud^ which any prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or creditors. her discharge, that such prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, (pbsequent to the time of his imprisonment, without just cause for so doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid, every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the authority of this act, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby required to suffer, in the day-time, any person or persons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient room in the said prVon, with any prisoner or prisoners, whole names are inserted in the before-mentioned list or lists, or the London Gazette, or other newspapers, or any of them, and also to fee, in the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at v/hose suit or suits he, she, or they, are or were detained; and if any such gaoler or keeper shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such gaoler or keeper who shall so offend in the premises shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered, with colls of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster, wherein no dfioin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

TLI. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false entries, in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein, or shall insert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not in actual custody as aforesaid, (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted), every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name and for the use of any person or persons, who shall be prejudiced by any such false entry or entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint.

Gaoler* mak* ing false entries, See. to forfeit 500l.

' information

in any of Hi

y's courts of record at Westminster*

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. .443

niinjier.^ wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, being pehtors re-thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and cover the declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or la ft place of trade and abode, of the person or persons at whose luit he or she is or was abode of the detained or charged in custody, or if any prisoner being called P"rion at for and desired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without to be excluded some reasonable cause being made appear to the contrary, every the benefit of such debtor, upon proof being made thereof before the justices at this actv any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this a c1; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas there is hut one common or county gad I for each of the respective counties of York or Lincoln, which fuel counties

are each of them divided into several ridings or divisions, all of which

have several commissions of the peace; and if the gaoler of these gaols

he obliged to cany the debtor s, prisoners therein, to the quarter Jeff on

of such riding or division, the same will he a very great charge, not only to such gaoler, hut also to the prisoners, in these large counties;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Justices may

and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of a ^1(T. r, rJ o- / \ at or near the

the ridings or divisions in the respective counties, (or any other county g-l0l.

county or counties where the prisons are at a distance from the place where the sections are held), at the common or county gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act*

XLIV4 And whereas the dfrifl or division of Holland, in the said county of Lincoln, is dislant near forty miles from the said county gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the juji ices of the peace a fling for the said division to be obliged to travel to the said gaol for the sole purpose of discharging the prisoners under the powers by this act given; be it therefore enacted, That for the Justices for the several purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division district of Holland may adjourn their original sections to the to or

county gaoJ, or some place near thereunto; and it shall and may near the be lawful for any two justices of the peace, adding either for the county gaol, parts of Lindsey, Kef even, or Holland, to hold such adjourned ^c* sections for the sole purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original sections being given by the clerk of sections to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate to or affect the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this ach

XLV. And whereas the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county ^Surrey, which shall happen after the pajfng of this act, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of

v the Justices for Surrey may adjourn to Southwark.

Prisoners in custody for fees, &c. to be discharged.

444 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

the said prisons; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th-1 it shall and may be lawful for such justices as shall be assembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be holden for the county of Surrey, nex: t after the passing of this act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said sections to the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the Teveral gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this a£h

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due, to the keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by ^HI1^t^0Kex the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any person seeking the benefit of this act, with respectb to any debt or penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or of any person for any offence committed against any act or acfts of parliament relative to his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, stamps, or salt duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the publick revenue, or at the suit of any sheriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any acct or acts of parliament relative to his Majesty's said revenues of customs, excise, stamps, or salt duties, or any other branches of publick revenue, unless any three of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall certify their consent under their hands to the justices at their said sections, or adjournment thereof, for the discharge of such prisoner as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former acts, creditors have been put to great expence and trouble, in attending every session and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the act, to oppoje the discharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective acts, but who, after having been before one session heard., and refused a discharge, to harrass their creditors, constantly gave fresh notices for each subsequent session and adjournment, of their intended application to be discharged: to remedy which, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the determination of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes, unless the debtor shall, during the continuance of this aget rid of the objection or objections for which they refused his discharge; and that the same may be clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the objections why such debtor's discharge is refuted by them; and

intend to debtors to the crown, or to the revenue, unless the treasury certify their con sent.

Determination of justices to be final, unless the prisoner get rid of the objections to his discharge, &c.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112, 445

in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any subsequent session or adjournment, upon any application from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnesses, (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at least ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this aCh; and if a prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or file taking the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act.

XLIX. And whereas it may happen that several persons who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail in same freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereon expectant) they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines^ suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this act for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such person or persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the benefit ers are seised of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, in tail, to be be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seised delivered up of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee, and the to cre<1*for* same shall be delivered up to such creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law or construction of law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. Andzuhereas many persons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this act, have been great dealers or otherwise engaged in large transaflions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of eflatessubject and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent estates, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to ether trufis or interests in efiates, both real andpersonal, which may not be sufficiently aeferibed or discovered in the schedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid and affijlance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of his creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and

Assignees may apply for the

may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and further exa-

effects of such debtor or debtors, who shall obtain his, her, or mmation of

t-Upir debtors to tneii two justices

446 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

their discharge in pursuance of this act, or any other person or persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, from tirhe so time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, where such debtor or debtors shall be then residing, thereby de-iiring that such debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects, whereupon such justices shall fend for or call before them such debtor or debtors, by such warrant, summons, ways, or means, Justices to call as they shall think fit; and upon such debtorsappearing shall before them examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as f/the^refii^e to matters an<^ things as such assignee shall desire, relating to appear, «kc. to the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors; and if any may commit debtor or debtors (on payment, or tender of payment, of such theni. reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall,

neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects io vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such debtor or debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, file, or they shall submit him, her, or themselves to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid. RewardoFacl.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That per cent, for all ancj every such person and pei; fons who shall, within ten any part of months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, volunta-debtor's el- rily come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor or tate not com- debtors real or personal estate as shall not be comprized in such dule^"kG" ^edule as aforesaid, before any such justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or assignees of such debtor's estate and effects.

ikme?frau ^rov^ec^ always, and be it enacted, That notwithstand-

dulently ob-"n3 scharge of any debtor or debtors.by virtue of this act,

tained, void, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was not true, then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void and of none eftedl.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees, That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any debtor or debtors, who

01 fiidiuiiiy 111.j-

value of ere- shall be elide in pursuance of this aeft, ovand with the content of

the

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 447

the major part in value of the creditors of such debtor or debtors, ditors, may who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twenty-one days for

notice being previously given for the purpose hereafter mentioned, fubmlt dif-in The London Gazette, if the debtor was in custody in London, or putes to arbi-within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in some tration, newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place,

in or near which such person or persons shall have been in gaol, to make compositions with any person or persons, or accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can upon any such composition be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account or by reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debtsdue, or claimed to be due, toor from such debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have such difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference and dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises in pursuance of this act.

LIV". Andy for the better discovery of the ft ate and effects of any debtor who shall be dfcharged by virtue of this at7, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons f, enaIty for who shall have accepted of any trust or trulls, and shall wilfully estatesof conceal or protebl any eslate, real or personal, of any such debtor debtors, from his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any assignee or assignees-shall, in pursuance of this act, be chosen of any such debtors eslate, discover and disclose to fuel) assignee or assignees such trull and eslate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the eslate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such debtor, to be recovered by abl ion of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such debtor's eslate, together with treble costs of suit.

LV. And whereas provison ought to be made as to what should become of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got //;, obtained, or recovered, by any assignee or assignees chose pursuant to the directions of the several acts at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, ex editors, administratorsy and affi?nSy re-fifed to att or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it enacted,

That

448

If assignees die, others maybe chosen, &c.

Courts, on complaint, may remove assignees, See.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the creditors of every such debtor or debtors to chuse a new assignee or assignees, in manner and form as herein-before is directed, and to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace, or lbs deputy, town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the said justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle therein); and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, and execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made, the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adding as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to al] orders and directions made by this act relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflidfed on them, or any of them, by this act, for disobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act 5 and the said justices shall have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and eftedfs as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LVI. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this act may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective courts at Westminster, and the courts of great sessions in Wales, and the counties palatine of the [ter, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, from whence any process issued, upon which any such debtor or debtors was or were committed, or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions, or counties palatine aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mi (management, or other misbehaviour, of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effedfs of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or assignees, and appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or assignees so to be removed or -displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable management

or

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. 449

or distribution of the estate and effects of any such debtor, for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displac-'ing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any nevy assignee or assignees, the estate or efife&s of such debtor or debtors shall, from thenceforth, be divested out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or assignees -first chosen as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enadietl by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given Where mu-between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this h^beerP act, and any other person or persons, or bodies corporate or given, the politick, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the balance to estate and effects of such debtor or debtors upon oath as aforesaid, be stated. the respective assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or other officer

acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees as aforesaid as the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly stated.

LVIII. And whereas many persons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts for not paying monies ordered or awarded to be paid., and also for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and also upon the writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other process for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of money, prjf0Tiers for cojlsi or expences, in some cause or proceeding in some ecclesiastical courts not paying or for contempt to such court relating thereto; it is hereby declared monies and enacted, That all such persons are and shall be entitled to the awarded, benefit of this act, on and subject to the same terms, conditions, ^titleci^o and restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect benefit to prisoners for debt only. 15 of this act;

LIX. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon processes issuing out of courts of and also conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prisoners on prisoners shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be Prodefies out discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they conform to confdence* the directions herein-before prescribed, touching other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- not to.said, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to John Wormall, Henry Wormall, John pni'oners at Stansfield, Henry King, John Wilkinson, William Hartley, Joseph York for Brown, and James Walton.} being of the people called Quakers,

VOL* XLL G g now schedules*

Justices may cause them to be brought before the lessions, and direct the money due to be levied on their effects, See.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

now prisoners in the common gaol of the county of Forty at the suit of the reverend George Markham vicar of Carltoriy in the west riding of the said county, for tithes, or any or either of tjjem, so as to oblige them, or any or either of them, to deliver in and subscribe a schedule of their respective estates and effects; but that it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace of the said west riding of the county of Forty aforesaid, upon application made by the said George Markham, or by any person or persons for or on the behalf of the said John Wormally Henry Wormally John Stansfield, Henry King, John Wilkinfoiiy William Hartley, Joseph Bro'Ojtiy and James Walton, or any or either of them to cause the said prisoners respectively to be brought before them at their next general quarter sessions of the peace, (or at any subsequent general quarter sessions), together with a copy or copies of their detainers, and to examine into the value of the estates and effects of the said prisonehs, and each and every of them, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, and to issue a warrant under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any two or more of them, thereby directing and requiring the respective sums due from the said prisoners respectively to the said George Markharriy and for which they are respectively charged or detained in the said prison, to be levied upon their respective goods and chattels; and if the goods and chattels of the said prisoners respectively shall not be found sufficient, then the real estates of the said prisoners respectively (if any such there be) shall, by the said justices, or any two or more of them, be assigned over to the said George Markham till such time as the said debts, with all costs and charges, shall be respectively paid, and the said prisoners shall, upon their appearance respectively before the said justices, be respectively discharged from their said imprisonment as to the said debt or debts; and so soon as the said debt or debts, with all costs and charges shall have been fully paid and satished, the estates of the said prisoners so assigned to the said George Markham as aforesaid shall be re-conveyed or assigned to them respectively according to the right, title, or interest, which they respectively had therein or thereto at the time of the passing of this act.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall have taken the benefit of any act heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent debtors within the space of ten years Jaft past, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any to relief under thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-this. (landing.

Affirmation of

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quakeis to be That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the taken. solemn affirmation of any person being a quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person making such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false

No persons who have taken the benefit of any insolvent act within ten years, to be entitled

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 113. 451

affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

[Act not to extend to Scotland.]

LXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[July 19, 1797.]

646, 250b to be raised by a lottery, to consist of 55, 000 tickets at ill. 15s. each. All persons who have made deposits of il. 5s. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by Aug. 11, 1797. — 2l. by Sept. 8, — 2l. by Odt. 24, — 2l. by Nov. 24, — and the remaining 3l. by Jan. 16, 1798, and the contributors for each nl. 15s. advanced shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Nov. 24, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ul. 15s. each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000k the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplits granted this session. Managers and diredfors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books.

Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55, 0.09 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Four prizes of 2o, ooool. — three of 10, 000l. — four of 5, 000k — five of 2, 000k — ten of 1,000k — twenty of 500I — fifty of look — one hundred of 50k — and sixteen thousand five hundred of 16k — iocol. to the ticket first drawn a blank, — 5, 000k to the ticket first drawn a blank on the fourth day of drawing, — to, oooo1. to the ticket first drawn a blank on the ninth and twentieth days of drawing, and 20, 000k to the ticket first drawn a blank on the fifteenth and twenty-sixth days of drawing. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb.

[Proviso.]

26, 1798. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the sum subscribed; giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every ul. 15s. paid. After Aug. 11, 1797. the cashier may deliver not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after deducting the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the t'ckets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they shall think fit. The 500.C00l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction on July j, 1798, Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging

G g 2 tickets

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 114. [1796.

[Treble costs.]

tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of sol. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk by the managers, or licensed so to do. Persons (o licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be damped on every leaf, Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Penalty on persons i'ummoned as wi Indies not appearing. Sec. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited a certain number of tickets See. Persons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. Conditions of bonds. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into ffiares fifty tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, Sec. In cases, where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void for offences a gain ft this act, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. Penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words Ticensed, See. after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, See. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halfs, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of (harts of tickets. Persons counterfeiting ffiares, Sec. guilty of felony. Persons preparing or having in their custody any register.or lifts of tickets but as herein particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lift, Sec. to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. x. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, Sec. Persons discovered in such houses, concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested Sec. Penalty on persons obstructing officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inserted inwiits, the defendant to Ueferved with acopy of the process, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. General ill'ue.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

[July 19, 1797.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1798, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session, concerning loans Sec. The clauses, Sec. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1798. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest with charges to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1798, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act, and aft 5 and 6 Gul. et Maria: notwithstanding.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 115 — 117. 453

CAP. CXV.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be ilVued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt. — £July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXVI.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.[ — July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXVII.

An act for regulating the trade to be carried on with the British possesstom in India, by the ships of nations in amity with his Majesty. — lJuly 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign

[Preamble.]

of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An 12 Car. 2. act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and na- c. 18, recited, vigation, it was enabled, That from and after the first day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, and from thence forward, no goods or commodities shall he imported into or exported out of any lands, ifunds, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging or in his possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, and America, m any other flip or ships, vessel or vessels, than such as do truly and without fraud belong unto the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or are the built of and belonging to any of the said lands, funds, plantations, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and whereof the maser and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are English, under certain penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the jflfips and vessels of countries and fates in amity with his Majesty, should he allowed to import goods and commodities unto and to export the same from the British territories in India, subject to certain restrictions and regulations: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this untries^ in act, and during the continuance of the exclusive trade of the amity with -united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaf his Majesty Indies, and during the term for which the possessions of the may import British territories in India is secured to the said united J^ort from company, it shall and may be lawful for the ships and vef- t})e British fels of countries and states in amity with his Majesty, to poffiffions import into and export from the Brit if possessions in India, in India, such goods and commodities as they shall be permitted to import into and export from the said possessions by the directors of the the east jnc|ja said company, who are hereby directed to frame such regulations directors, not for earning on the trade to and from the said possessions, and contrary to

454 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 118. [1796.

the countries and states in amity with his Majesty as shall Teem to them most conducive to the interest and prosperity of the said British\ possessions in India, and of tht British empire; and no ship or vessel belonging to any of the subjects of states or countries in amity with his Majesty, shall be liable to seizure, confiscation, or forfeiture, or other penalty, for exporting from or importing into the said British possessions in India, any goods or commodities, the importation or exportation of which respectively shall be permitted by the said regulation; any thing in the said herein-before recited act, of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the directors of the said united company to frame any regulations for the conduct of the said trade, which shall be inconsistent with any treaty or treaties which shall have been or may be entered into by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and any country or state at amity with his Majesty, or which may be inconsistent with any act or acts of parliament which have been passed for the regulation of the trade P, and commerce of the said British territories in India. framed by1 the H. And be it further enacted, That all such regulations as

directors to shall be framed by the said court of directors, for carrying on the be subject to trade to and from the British possessions in India, and the countries of the board anc* ^atcsin am*ty with his Majesty, shall be and they are hereby ofcommif- directed to be subject to the superintendance, direction, and con-sioners. troul of the board of of for the affairs of India in the same manner as all acts, operations, and concerns, which anywise relate to or concern the civil and military governments and revenues of the British territories and acquisitions in the East Indies now are.

---

[Court of proprietors not to alter any resolution of the directors relating to intercourse of foreign nations in amity with his Majesty and the British territories in India.]

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any general court of proprietors to alter or change, or to direct, or order, or authorise, the altering or changing, any resolution of the court of directors, or to rescind, revoke, suspend, or vary the same, in so far as the same relates to the intercourse of foreign nations in amity with his Majesty and the British territories in India.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act for regulating the height between decks of vessels entered outwards for the purpose of carrying slaves from the coast of Africa.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty,

[35 Geo. 3.

intituled An act for regulating the shipping, and

c. 9°* carrying Oaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa, it was enacted, That the whole Jpace between decks in such vessels should be allotted for the reception of saves, in order to their greater comfort and better accommodation: and whereas it hasleenfound, that sufficient provision was not made by the said act, for the comfort and accommodation cj the saves in their apartment she tween the decks of/hips so employed;

for

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 118, 455

for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, 'and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of No vessel. to this act, no British)ship or vessel shall clear outwards from any port clear out-in his Majesty's dominions for the purpose of shipping or carrying earning1* (laves from the coast of Africa, in which the space between the flav/s from.decks allotted for the reception of (laves, under the provisions of Africa unless any former act, shall not be, in every part throughout the whole the fpjice length and breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular ^he slaves°r height of four feet one inch at lead, measuring from the upper beofacer-surface of the lower deck to the under surface of the upper tain height, deck.

for the the hold.]

II. And whereas ships and vessels having only one deck are sometimes used for shipping and carrying slaves from the coast of Africa, be it further enacted, That in all such vessels a floor or false deck shall be fixed in the hold, for the reception of the slaves, which shall be taken and considered as her lower deck, purpose of this act.

[No vessel to

III. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any port in Great Britain for the tiiiadmea-purpose of shipping and carrying (laves from the coast of Africa, sured, and until the proper officer of the customs at such port shall have certified by examined and admeasured such ship or vessel, and shall have found ^et^cer her to agree in admeasurement, and to be in every other particular customs for conformable to the regulations and restrictions required and di- which he shall rested by this act, and shall have certified the same in writing to receive ios. the collector of his Majesty's customs, at such port, for doingcertificate which he shall be entitled to demand and receive the sum of ten mufl.

shillings from the master or owner of the said vessel, and the produced to said certificate shall be annexed to the clearance of the said vessel, the officer and shall be produced therewith to the collector or comptroller, of ^vaTi" or other proper officer of the customs, at every port in the West the

Indies or America, belonging to his Majesty, at which the said Indies, See, vessel shall arrive before any slave or slaves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said vessel at any such port.

[False deck

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the surveying officer shall have examined and measured any ship or vessel as herein-

before directed, it shall not be lawful for the master or owner [^slaves thereof to remove, or cause or suffer to be removed, any floor are landed or false deck which shall have been fixed in the hold for the on penalty reception of (laves, as herein-before directed, except for the2C0^ purpose of loading or unloading his said vessel on the outward bound voyage, or other unavoidable necessity, or to do, or cause or stiffer to be done, any other matter or thing whereby the height of the places or apartments allotted for the reception of (laves shall be diminished, until all the (laves which shall have been taken on board such ship or vessel shall have been discharged or landed therefrom, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

---

456 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 119, no.[1796.

[Where penalty may be sued for, which may be within three years after the offence.]

V. And be it further enacted, That the penalty inflicted by this act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record in Great Britain, and in every such action or suit the party against whom judgement shall be given, (whether plaintiff or defendant), shall pay double costs of suit; and every such action shall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such action shall be carried on without wilful delay.

CAP. CXIX.

An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty's plantations and colonies in America, as makes negroes chattels for the payment of debts.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, which was passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

[5 Geo. 2. c. 7, recited.]

intituled An act for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty's plantations and colonies in America, it was enacted and declared, that, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the houses, lands, negroes, and other hereditary and real estates, situate or being within any of the said plantations, belonging to any person indebted, should be liable to, and chargeable with, all just debts, duties, and demands, of what nature or kind soever, owing by any such Person to his Majesty, or any of his subjects, and should and might be assessed for the satisfaction thereof, in like manner as real estates are, by the law of England, liable to the satisfaction of debts due by bond, or other specialty, and should be subject to the like remedies, proceedings, and process, in any court of law or equity in any of the said plantations respectively, for seizing, extending, selling, or disposing of every such houses, lands, negroes, and other hereditaments and real estates, towards the satisfaction of such debts, duties, and demands, and in like manner as personal estates, in any of the said plantations respectively, are seized, extended, sold, or disposed of, for the satisfaction of debts: and whereas it is deemed expedient that the said recited act, so far as it relates to negroes, should be repealed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[So much of recited act as relates to negroes in his Majesty's plantations, repealed.]

That so much of the said in part recited act, as relates to negroes in his Majesty's plantations, is hereby repealed and made void, and shall be of no effect in future; any thing in the above act, or any other act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXX.

An act further to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 121, 122. 457

Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent act of this sesson, passed for the purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the same; and also for continuing such subsequent act.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Acts 37 Geo. 3. c. 32. and 61, recited, and continued until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.]

CAP. CXXI.

An act to explain an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Act 35 Geo. 3. c. 92, recited. Provision in recited act respecting payment of premium to apply only to vessels fitted out subsequent to Nov. 1, 1796.]

CAP. CXXII.

---

An act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the names of witnesses to letters of attorney, or other authorities or inf rumen ts, for the transfer of socks or funds which now are, or by any act or acts of parliament fall hereafter be made, transferable at the bank of England; or for the transfer of any part of the capital fock of the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock; or for the transfer cf any part of the capital stock, or any socks or funds under the management of the South Sea company; or for the transfer of any part of the capital fock of the East India company; or for the receipt of dividends upon any of such socks or funds.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the several acts of parliament creating and authorising the transfer and management of the publick socks, funds, and annuities, transferable at the bank of England, it is provided\ That all alignments, or transfers thereof shall be entered and regifered in books to be kept by the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank ^England, -which entries fall be fgned by the parties making fugh alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in writing under his, her, or their hand andfeal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the same regulation is prescribed and observed with respect to the attefation of letters of attorney for the transfer of any part of the capitalfock of the said governor and company called Bank Stock: and whereas, by an act of parliament made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of her kite majesty Aftieen Anne, and by the charter of the company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the south fas and ether parts of America, and for encouraging the fifery commonly called The South Sea Company; and by several acts of parliament, creating and authorising the transfer and management of the fock of the said company commonly called South Sea Stock, and other socks and funds arising the reout, or transferable at the South Sea house, it is provided, That all alignments and transfers thereoffall be entered and regifered in books kept by the said governor and company, which

45S Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 122. [1796.

entries shall "be signed by the parties making such afflgnments and transfer r, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised in writing wider his, her^ or their hand and seas or hands and seals: and whereas all assignments and transfers of the capital stock of the united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, are enteredandregijlered in books kept by the said united company, and such assignments and transfers shall be signed by the 'parties making the same; and if such parties be absent, then by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto authorised in writing under his or their hand andfeaf or hands and seals: and whereas it is expedient that provision fhoidd be made for the prevention of all frauds and impofltions upon the said respective governors and companies, and the said united company, respecting the transfer of or the receipt of dividends upon any of the publick funds or annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, or of bank flock, or of the capital ffock of the said South Sea company, or of the said united company, or any other flocks or funds arising the reout, or transfer table, or which shall hereafter be made transferrable, at the South Sea house or East India house respectively: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comrnons, in this present parliament From Aug. i, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person 1797» persons or persons whatever shall, from and after the first day of August names^of^one ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, falselymake, forge, witnesses to or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or in fir 11 merits counterfeited, or shall willingly act or affili in the falsely making,

for the trans- forging, or counterfeiting, the name or names, hand writing or of*< 1 ivid<fnd* hands writing, of any person or persons as, or purporting to be, of stocks at the witness or witnesses attesting the execution of any letter of

bank, or of attorney, or other authority or instrument, to transfer, assign, the South Sea fell, or convey, any interest, part, or share, of or in any stock 17.n. Qr stocks, annuity or annuities, or other funds, or the dividends

thereof, transferrable, or which, by any act or acts of parliament, shall hereafter be made transferrable at the bank of England, or of or in the capital stock belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong, to the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock, or to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other

or East India company's (lock?, to be guilty of felony.

parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery as aforesaid, or under their care or management, or of or in the capital stock belonging, or which hereafter shall or may belong, to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, commonly called East India Stocky or of any letter of attor* ney, or other authority or instrument, to receive any dividend or dividends, on any of the said stocks, annuities, or other funds, or shall utter or publish, as true, any such letter of attorney, or other authority or instrument, containing such false, forged, or counterfeited name or names, hand writing or hands writing, of such attesting witness or witnesses as aforesaid, knowing such name or names, hand writing or hands writing, to be false, forged, or counterfeited, all and every person or persons whatever so

---

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 123. 459

offending, and being in due form of law convicted of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years, or shall be adjudged to suffer such lesser punishment as the court, before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried, shall think fit to award.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXXIII.

An act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil-disposed persons have of late attempted to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea and land, and others of his Majesty's subjects, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to acts of mutiny and sedition, and have endeavoured to give effect to their wicked and traitorous proceedings, by imposing upon the persons whom they have attempted to seduce the pretended obligation of oaths unlawfully administered: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Persons admi-

That any person or persons who shall, in any manner or form whatsoever, administer, or cause to ^f^oaths'" be administered, or be aiding or adiding at, or present at and or taking*consenting to, the adminidering or taking of any oath or engage-them volun-ment, purporting or intended to bind the person taking the same tanly, to be to engage in any mutinous or seditious purpose; or to didurb Puilty the publick peace; or to be of any association, society, or con-feaeracy, formed for any such purpose; or to obey the orders or commands of any committee or body of men not lawfully condituted; or of any leader or commander, or other person not having authority by law for that purpose; or nor to inform or give evidence against any associate, confederate, or other person; dr not to reveal or discover any unlawful combination or confederacy; or not to reveal or discover any illegal act done or to be done; or not to reveal or discover any illegal oath or engagement which may have been administered or tendered to or taken by such person or persons, or to or by any other person or persons, or the import of any such oath or engagement; shall, on conviction thereof by due course of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and maybe transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years; and every person who shall take any such oath or engagement, not being compelled thereto, shall, on conviction thereof by due course of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That compul- Persons com* (ion shall not judify or excuse any person taking such oath or Pe^ed to take engagement, unless he or (lie shall, within four days after the

taking uni els they

same within four days.

460 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 123. [1796.

declare the taking thereof, if not prevented by adfual force or sickness, and' then within four days after the hindrance produced by such.force or sickness shall cease, declare the same, together with the whole of what he or she shall know touching the same, and the person or persons by whom, and in whose presence, and when and where, -such oath or engagement was administered or taken, by information on oath before one of his Majexy's juXices of the peace, or one of his Majexy's principal secretaries of flite, or his Majexy's privy council; or, in case the person taking such oath or engagement shall be in actual service in his Majexy's forces by sea or land, then by such information on oath as aforesaid, or by information to his commanding officer.

III. And be it further enacted, That persons aiding and affixing at, or present at and consenting to, the administering or

oaths'^ orcauf- taking of any such oath or engagement as aforesaid, and persons ing them to causing any such oath or engagement to be administered or taken, though not present at the administering or taking thereof, shall he deemed principal offenders, and shall be tried as such, although the persons or person who actually administered such oath or engagement, if any such there shall be, shall not have been tried or convicted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary, in any indidhnent againX any person or persons administering, or causing to be administered or taken, or taking any such oath or engagement as aforesaid, or aiding or affiXing at, or present at and consenting to the administering or taking thereof, to set forrh the words of such oath or engagement; and that it shall be sufficient to set forth the purport of such oath or engagement, or some material part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any engagement or obligation whatsoever, in the nature of an oath, shall be deemed an oath within the intent and meaning of this act, in whatever form or manner the same shall be administered or taken; and whether the same shall be actually administered by any person or persons to any other person or persons, or taken by any person or persons without any administration thereof by any other person or ersons.

[Where offences may be prosecuted.]

VI. Provided also, and be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed against this act on the high seas, or out of this realm, or within that part of Great Britain called England, Xiall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if such offence had been therein'committed; and if committed in that part of Great Britain called Scatlandy shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, either before the juXiciary court at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom.

Persons tried

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That any person under this aff, vvh0 shall be tried, and acquittted or convicted of any offence ag.dn°ior the aoam^IS shall not liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or b 1*tried

Persons aiding, &c. at taking such

be administered, though not present, to be deemed principals.

In indictments it shall be sufficient to let forth the purport of such oaths.

Engagements in the nature of an oath, to be deemed one, &c.

---

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 124-126. 461

[same offence; but if not so tried, may be tried as for high treason, &c.]

tried again, for the same offence or fact, as high treason, or mis-prision of high treason; and that nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any person guilty of any offence against this act, and who shall not be tried for the same as an offence against this act, from being tried for the same as high treason, or misprision of high treason, in such manner as if this act had not been made.

CAP. CXXIV.

An act to make perpetual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

[5 Geo. 2. c. 30, recited.]

intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, which has been continued by several subsequent acts, until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be made perpetual; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Recited act made perpetual.]

That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. CXXV.

An act for authorising his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, biscuit, or pease, to the islands of Guernsey, jersey, and Alderney, for the fufienance and use of the inhabitants of the said islands, for a limited time.

[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXVI.

An act to prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin in this realm made, or to be made, current by proclamation, or any foreign gold or silver coin; and to prevent the bringing into this realm, or uttering, any counterfeit foreign gold or silver coin.

[July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, by their unanimous address to his Majesty, have requested that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that measures might be taken for procuring an immediate supply of such copper coinage as might be best adapted to the payment of the laborious poor; and it is necessary that so much of the provisions contained in an act passed in the fifteenth, year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying false or counterfeit coin, as relates to the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and also the provisions contained in an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of

15 Geo. 2. c. 28, and

11 Geo. 3. c. 40, recited.

So much of first recited act, as relates to halfpence

copper money of this realm, to extend to all copper money ordered by proclamation to be taken as current money.

462. Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 126. [1796.

this realm; and all other provisions made by lava concerning the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny<and A Farthing, should be extended to fitch copper jnoney as may be coined and issued in pursuance of such address, and all other copper monies of this realm, which may be hereafter coined and issued by his Majesty's authority: be it therefore enacted by the Kingls most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, and farthings, act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the cur-and the last rent coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or payingfalfe or counter-recited feit coin, as relates to the copper monies of this realm commonly

an a oc ers caj]e(j Jyn Fdalfpenny and A Farthings and also the said act of the eleventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of this realm; and all and every other acts and act of parliament concerning the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthings or any other copper money of this realm, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such pieces of copper money as shall be coined and issued by order of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and as shall, by his or their royal proclamation, be ordered to be deemed and taken as current money of this realm; and that all and every the provisions in such acts, or any of them contained, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such other pieces, of copper money as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as if such pieces had been particularly mentioned and described in such acts respectively.

II. And whereas the practice of counterfeiting foreign gold and silver coin, and the bringing into this realm, and uttering within the same, false and counterfeit foreign gold and silver coin, and particularly pieces of gold coin commonly called Louis d'Or, and pieces of silver coin commonly called Dollars, hath cf late greatly incre a fed % and it is expedient that provision should be made more effectually to prevent the same; be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing of this add, make, coin, or counterfeit, any kind of coin not the proper coin of this realm, nor permitted to be current within the same, but resembling, or made with intent to referable or look like, any gold or hiver coin of any foreign prince, state, or country, or to pass as such foreign coin, such person or persons offending therein, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and may be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing of this act, bring into this realm any such false or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, resembling, or made with intent to referable or Look like any gold or silver coin of any foreign prince, flatCj or country, or to pass as such foreign coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to the

intent

Persons counterfeiting foreign gold or fUvc-r coin guilty of fe-

*?» y»

as also persons bringing it into the realm, or passing it.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 126. 463

intent to utter the same within this realm, or within any dominions of the same, all 2nd every such person or persons shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and may be transported for any term of years not exceeding leven ye'ars.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty for shall, from and after the passing of this abt, utter or tender in p^yment^such payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any person counterfeit or persons, any such false or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, refemb- coin.

ling, or made with intent to resemble or look like, any gold or silver coin of any foreign prince, slate, or country, or to pass as such foreign coin, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and shall be thereof convicted, every person so offending shall suffer six months imprisonment, and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for six months more, to be computed from the end of the said firffc six months; and if the same person shall afterwards be convicted a second time for the like offence of uttering, or tending inpayment, or giving in exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such false or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, such person shall, for such second offence, suffer two years imprisonment^ and find sureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the said first two years; and if the same person shall afterwards offend a third time, in uttering or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such false or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and shall be convicted of such third offence, he or file shall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be con- Clerk of the vibted of uttering or tendering any such false or counterfeit coin the Z\ac°to as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like offence in certiT^the ° any other county, city, or place, the clerk of the assize or clerk of convibb'on of the peace for the county, city, or place, where such former convic- any person tion shall have been had, shall, at the request of the prosecutor, or*any other on his Majesty's behalf, certify the same by a transcript, in few words, containing the effebf and tenor of such conviction; for which certificate two shillings and sixpence, and ho more, shall be paid; and such certificate, being produced in

court, shall be sufficient proof of such former conviction.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on shall have in his, her, or their custody, without lawful excuse, Persons any greater number of pieces than five pieces, of false or coun- than^vT^6 terfeit coin, of any kind or kinds, resembling, or made with pieces of intent to resemble or look like, any gold or silver coin or coins counterfeit of any foreign prince, {late, or country, or to pafsas such foreign foreion coiru coin, every such person, being thereof convi(ffed upon the oath

of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit coin, which shall be cut in pieces, and destroyed, by order of such justice, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum of money not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings, for every such piece of false or counterfeit

coin

for uttering counterfeit coin.

In Prices may grant warrants for searching fuf-pedied places for counterfeit foreign coin.

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 126. [1796.

coin which shall be found in the custody of such person, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case any such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit the person who shall be adjudged to pay the same to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for the space of three calendar months, or until such penalty shall be paid.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace, on complaint made before him, upon the oath of one credible person, that there is just cause to suspec that any one or more person or persons is or are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, resembling, or made with intent to resemble or look like, any gold or illver coin of any foreign prince, state, or country, or to pass as such foreign coin, by warrant under the hand of such justice, to cause the dwelling house, room, workshop, outhouse, or other building, yard, garden, or other place, belonging to such suspebled person or persons, or where any such person or persons shall be suspedied to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be searched for any such false or counterfeit coin, or for tools or implements for coining such false or counterfeit coin, or for materials for making or coining the same; and if any such false or counterfeit coin, or any such tools or instruments, or any such materials for making any such false or counterfeit coin, shall be may be seized found in any place so searched, or if any such tools, implements, or materials, shall be found in the custody or possession of any person or persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful authority, ir shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, discovering the same, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to seize, such false or counterfeit coin, tools, implements, and materials, and to carry the same forthwith to a judice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in evidence against any person or persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in some court of judice proper for the determination thereof; and after such time as any such false or counterfeit coin, or any such tools, implements, or materials, shall have been produced in evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other part thereof lb seized, and not made use of in evidence, shall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders shall be tried, or by order of some justice of the peace, in case there shall be no such trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such court or such justice shall direct.

No proceed-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be touching the conviction of any offender against this abb qua\hed°for before any justice of, the peace, shall be quaffed for want of

want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ

form, See. or

Such counterfeit coin, and tools and materials,

and carried before a justice, who shall secure the same as evidence, &c.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 127. 465

or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any a£Uon or suit shall Limitation of be brought oy commenced against any person or persons for any actions, thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case the Laid action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit so to be brought may plead the general issue, and General issue. give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to' be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, -or their action, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the.defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same Treble costs. as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law*

CAP. CXXVII.

An act to shorten the time now required for giving notice of the royal

intention of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, that the parliament

shall meet and be holden for the dispatch of bufness; and more effectually to provide for the meeting of parliament in the case of a demise of the crown.

[July 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to shorten the time now required for

[Preamble.]

giving notice of the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, that the parliament fall jneet and be holden for the dispatch of bufness; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That when- His Majesty ever his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be pleased, by and mayifluehis with the advice of the privy council of his Majesty, his heirs or thTmee"-successors, to issue his or their royal proclamation, giving notice ing of parlia.-of his or their royal intention that parliament shall meet and be ment in not holden for the dispatch of business on any day being not less than less than 14 fourteen days from the date of such proclamation, the same shall roxn 1 e be a full and sufficient notice to all persons whatever of such the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the parliament shall thereby stand prorogued to the day and place therein declared, notwithstanding any previous prorogation of the parliament to any longer day, and notwithstanding any former law, usage, or practice to the contrary.

Vo l. XLI. Hh II. And

466 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 127. [1796.

II. And whereas by an add, made in the sixth year of Queen Anne, 6 Anne, c. 7.in intituled An act for the security of her Majesty's person and go-

part recited, and such part repealed.

Authority for holding a parliament in case of the demise of the King between the di Ablution of a parliament

vernment, and of the succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line; it is amongst other things enacted, That in case there is no parliament in being at the time of the demise of her said Majesty, her heirs or successors, that hath met and fat, then the last preceding parliament shall immediately convene and ft at Westminster, and be a parliament to continue as therein mentioned, to all intents and furposes as if the same parliament had never been dissolved, but sub-jedi to be prorogued and disolved as therein provided: and whereas great inconvenience may arse from the said provision, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act as hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the demise of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, subsequent to the dissolution or expiration of a parliament, and before the day appointed by the writs of summons for assembling a new parliament, then, and in such case, the last preceding parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a par-

and Vhcasern- ^ament>to continue for and during the space of six months, and bling ofanew no longer, to all intents and purposes as if the same parliament had not been dissolved or expired, but subject to be sooner prorogued or diflol ved by the person to whom the crown of this realm of Great Britain shall come, remain, and be, according to the acts for limiting and settling the succession to the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the demise of any such his Majesty's heir or successor within the said period of six months, limited for the duration of the said last preceding parliament, and before the same shall have been dissolved by such his Majesty's heir or successor, or after the same shall have been so dissolved, and before a new parliament shall have met in the manner herein after provided, then, and in

having diflol v- every such case, the said last preceding parliament shall imme-mentCor after convene and fit, and continue to be a parliament, to all

the same shall intents an<^ purposes, for and during six months longer, to be have been dif- computed from and immediately after such last mentioned demise, solved, and but subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved by the person who before a new then succeed as aforesaid to the crown of this realm of Great Britain, and so as often as any such demise shall happen before a new parliament shall have met in manner herein after provided.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the demise of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on the day appointed by the writs of summons for calling and assembling a new parliament, or at anytime after such day so appointed, and before such new parliament shall have met and fat, such new par-

aiT^da^fter1' ^ament shall, immediately after such demise, convene and fit at and beforeTts ^efl^nsler, and be a parliament, to all intents and purposes, to meeting. continue for and during the term of six months, and no longer, but subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid.

and also in case of the demise of a fuccdfor to the crown within six months after his succession, without his

one shall have met;

or in case of the demise of his Majesty on the day appointed for calling a new

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 128 — -134.467 CAP. CXXVIII.

An act for afieffing the of of the tax office, and their officers, to the land tax, in the district called offices executed in Westminster hall; notwithstanding the removal of the said tax office into Somer-iet Place.

[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXIX.

An act for supplying the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the parts adjacent, in the county of Dorset, with water. —

July 19, 1797.

CAP. CXXX.

An act for discontinuing the new harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffi?*, and for repealing several acts relating thereto, and for providing for the discharge of a debt accrued on account thereof; and for making reparations for certain lolfes; and for the improvement of the old harbour of Rye.

[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXXI.

An act for building a bridge over Burfledon river, at or near the ferry of Burfledon, in the county of Southampton; and for making a road from the intended bridge over the river Itchen, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the said bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said county of Southampton.

[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats, in the county of Ayr.

[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXXIII.

An act for enabling Thomas Macklinto dispose of his collection of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet-street, by way of chance.

[July 19, 1797.]

2, 400 tickets, at 5l. 5s. each; 76 prizes; to be determined by the drawing of the Rate lottery.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a further additional duty on horses kept and nfed for the purpose of riding, or of drawing certain carriages therein mentioned.

[July 20, 1797.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-

[Preamble.]

mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's public expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, upon every assessment which shall be m£de from and after

Hlu the

the fifth day of July one thousartd seven hundred and ninety-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his

horse kept above one for riding, or drawing cer-

Duty to be in addition to all former duties,

468 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 134. [1796.

From July 5,

1797, an additional duty

of 5 s, to be

paid for each Majesty, his heirs and successors, the further additional duty following; that is to say, That every person who shall keep and use more than one horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, tain carriages, calash, chaise, or any other carriage, by whatever name such carriage is now, or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, and now transferred to and under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, is payable, shall be charged with the further additional annual duty of five shillings for each such horse, mare, or gelding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional rate and duty hereby imposed shall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the respective rates and duties granted by certain acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, on horses, mares, or geldings, Jcept and used for the purpose of riding, or drawing any such carriage or carriages as are therein respectively enumerated, and to be sub-

III. And be it further enacted, That the said rate or duty by jedt toaol.per this act imposed, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be fubieCl

run thp. 1.._.J

and liable to an additional duty after the rate or twenty pounds per centum per annum on the produce and amount contained in any assessment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by this act imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the acts relative to the present duties on horses, mares, and geldings, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act with relation to the aforesaid duty, and the powers herein contained, in all and singular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessorss, and collectors respectively appointed, or who shall be appointed in manner aforesaid, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the former acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them; and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several acts as before mentioned, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the aforesaid rate or duty hereby imposed, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said several acts

relative

cent, on the amount.

Commissioners for taxes to put this act in execution.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 134. 469

relative to the rates and duties on horses, mares, and geldings, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Mode ofmak-for the several assessors, in making the assessment under this pre- of Tof* sent a£* of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per per cent> ancJ centum.) to assess the sum of twenty pounds per centum upon the returning the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any same to the assessment whereon the rates of twenty pounds per centum are im- ^mreiiiion-posed by any act or acts of parliament, and the rate and duty im-

posed by this act, in one sum, and by one assessment and charge, instead of distinct assessments and charges, and to return the same to the respective commissioners, in the manner and under the regulations and directions prescribed by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes \ and that the respective collectors shall and may collect* and receive the said duties accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first FirftafiefT-aiTefhnent under this act* shall be made for three; quarters of a rTent to be ^or

t H fnt-pp nmr.

year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and t(.TS) from July ninety-seven; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one 5, 1797; and thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the assessments under afterwards for this ac* shall be made for one year from the fifth day of April in each year; and that the duty so to be'assessed shall be paid quar- quart£rly. terly, at the time and in the manner following; that is to say,

On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April) the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the firs* of the said payments on the said assessment for three quarters of a year to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional rate ^uties to be or duty by this a£* imposed shall be assefied, raised, levied, col-'^ others uii-lecled, received, paid over, and accounted for, in such and the <jer the ma_ like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such nagement of penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such the cornnaf* rules, methods, and directions, and subject to such provisoes and or

exemptions by which the former rates and duties on horses used as aforesaid were or might be assessed, raised, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the same now remain in force, and are applicable to the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed, and are not altered by this act; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, ctauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the former rates and duties on horses, or any of them, or any ac* or acts therein referred to, now in force, for the afieising, surcharging, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties thereby granted, as far as the same are applicable to the rate and duty by this act imposed, and not repugnant thereto, shall be in force, and be duly observed, prac-

h h 3 nfccU

Former acts or this act not to extend

470 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 135, [1796.

tifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, surcharging, raising, levying, colleCl-ing, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the rate or duty by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said several acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and to horse^used years of the reign of his present Majesty, or in any

bylicensed °* them, or in this act contained, shall be construed to extend to persons in the charge with the duty by the said several acts or this act imposed, drawing of any person duly licensed to keep any carriage whatever to be em-or carCiaaCheS> pl°yec* as a Ptiblick dage coach, or carriage for the purpose of for hire. conveying passengers for hire from different places in Great Britain,

in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, which is or shall be'actually and solely used and employed by such person in drawing such stage coach or carriage from place to place for hire; anything in any of the said acts, or this act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Duties to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by c&rritd to the the said rate or duty hereby imposed, (the necessary charges of

r .*r r K n n Vi r

raising and accounting for the lame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the duty by this act imposed, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occas oned by any loan raised or flock created, by virtue of any a Cl or acts passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said Separate* from receipt, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the all other publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the monies. office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duty hereby imposed and paid into the said recept shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

consolidated fund.

Application of duties, which for ten years are, with others granted for the same purpose, to to be kept

CAP. CXXXV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing certain duties on-legacies, and {hares of personal estate, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

[July 20, 1797.]

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 135, 471

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty fexth year of his

[Preamble.]

present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing 36 Geo. 3. certain duties on legacies, and shares of personal estates, and for c* granting other duties thereon, in certain cases 5 it is enacted, 3 % } recited. That where, by reason of the infancy, or absence beyond the seas, of any person entitled to any legacy, or to the residue of any personal estate cr any part thereof chargeable with duty by virtue of the said act, the person or persons having or taking the burthen of any will or testamentary instrument, or the administration of such personal efeate, cannot pay such legacy, or some par't thereof although he, she, or they may have effects for that purpose, or cannot pay such residue, or some part thereof although he, she, or they may have the same, or some part thereof in his, her, or their hands; it shall be lawful for such person or persons to pay such legacy or ref due, or any part or parts thereof respectively, or any sum or sums of money on account thereof after deducting the duty chargeable thereon, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of the court of chancery, to be placed to the account of the person or persons for whose benefit the same shall be so paid; for payment of which money the said accountant general shall give his certificate, as usual in such cases, on production of the certificate of the commissioners of famps that the duty thereon hath been duly paid, and such payment into the bank shall be a sufficient discharge for the money so paid in, provided the duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such money, when paid in, shall be laid out by the said accountant general, without any formal request for that purpose, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, which, with the dividends thereon, shall be transferred and paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their benefit, on application to the court of chancery by petition, or motion in a summary way: and whereas money paid into the bank of England with the privity of the said accountant general, in ordinary cases, cannot according to the forms prescribed for that purpose, be paid by the bank ^TEnaland, upon the draft of the said accountant general, unless the same shall be entered and feigned by the register of the said court of chant ery or one of his deputies; and doubts have been raffed whether the said register or his deputies are authorised to enter and sign any draft of the said accountant general for the purpose of laying out money, paid into the bank of England in pursuance of the said act, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, as directed by the said act; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever any sum, of money shall be paid into the When money bank of England, with the privity of the said accountant general, banian in pursuance of the said act, the accountant general's certificate pUrfllance of of such payment shall be filed with the register of the said court the recited of chancery, in the office called The Report Office, in the same fe&ian, the manner as certificates of payment of money paid into the bank accountant

1*C'CnCFcli S

of England, with the privity of the said accountant general, in certificate pursuance of any order of the said court, are usually filed: and to be filed in

H h 4 when the report

472 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 136. [1796.

office, where when the said accountant general shall have drawn any draft on the for Sovernor and company of the bank of England for payment of the money fuc'n m°ney, in the usual form, for the purpose of applying the for invest- same in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated ments shall annuities in pursuance of the said act, such draft shall be and ble car, ied to the said report office, and entered and signed by the

warrant to regift^r, or one of his deputies, in the same manner as drafts the bank for drawn by the said accountant general, in pursuance of any order the payment, of the said court are usually entered and signed; and every such ^c* draft so drawn, entered, and signed as aforesaid, shall he a warrant

to the said governor and company for payment of the money specified in such draft, in the same manner as drafts of the said accountant general, drawn, entered and signed in pursuance of any order of the said court, are warrants to the said governor and company for payment of money in other cases; and the said court of chancery shall, from time to time, make all and every such orders and order as shall be necessary for carrying the purposes of the said act, and of this act, respecting any money so to be paid into the bank as aforesaid, into execution; and such orders or order shall and may be made, either in any particular matter, or for the general purposes of the said act, and of this act, or either of them, as occasion shall require, and as to the said court shall seem fit; and such order or orders of the said court of chancer}' shall be sufficient warrant to the said accountant general, and to the said register, and his deputies and officers, and to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and to all person and persons whomsoever, for ail things which shall be done in pursuance of any such order or orders, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An act to enable the of of stamp duties to stamp deeds, and other instruments, bills of exchange, promissory and other notes, in

the cases therein mentioned* — -[July 20, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS deeds and other instruments cannot be given in

\ V evidence, ner are in any manner available unless stamped with the proper {lamps, provided for such purpose: and whereas, from the' variety of stamps provided for different purposes, mistakes have arisen and may again arise in the use of Juchstamps, for want of knowing the proper denomination or value required in particular cases: and whereas in many inf lames such instruments cannot be stamped after execution, without paying accumulated penalties, under acts passed from time to time for imposing stamp duties: be it therefore enacted by the King's mol! excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sex^Tbffisame'> That if any vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon &c.)on > any instrument, matter, or thing, (except bills of exchange, stamps of promissory notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders), shall have been

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 136. 473

or shall be engrossed, printed, or written, liable in respect thereof a different to be damped with a damp or damps of a particular ^enomj-nation or value, and whereon there is or shall be impressed any eqUai 0T damp or damps of a different denomination, but of an equal or greater value greater value with the damp or damps required at the time of than the making, dgning or executing the said indrument, matter, or proper damp, thing, shall be produced to the of of stamp duties the stamp at their head office of damps or to such officer as the said office, amt commissioners, or the major part of them, shall appoint for such payment of purpose, it shall be lawful far the said of, or their ^and officer as aforesaid, in every such case, and upon payment of the penalty, may-duty by law payable for such vellum, parchment, or paper in be stampt respedi of the indrument, matter, or thing, engrossed, printed, with the or written thereon, at the time such vellum, parchment or paper, Pr0Per ^aniP* shall be produced as aforesaid, and one penalty of five pounds, to damp, or cause to be damped, such vellum, parchment, or paper (except as aforesaid), with the proper damp or damps provided and in use for the same, at the time such vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be produced to be damped as aforesaid, without making any allowance for the damp or damps before marked thereon; and every indrument, matter, or thing, so damped, shall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the law, as if the same had been duly damped before such indrument, matter, or thing, had been engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which excepted)* any matter or thing (except bills of exchange, promissory notes, unstamped, or other notes, drafts, or orders) shall have been engrossed, or on starups printed, or written, shall be brought to the said of to °^ le, s tJjan be damped after the same shall have been executed, the same not vafue^mw having been damped with any damp, or having been damped be duly - with a damp of less value than is by law required, and the person stampt on or persons producing the same is desirous of having the same Pay"ie|^ of duly damped, but the same cannot, according to the laws in^force, be damped without payment of accumulated penalties, for each*exceeding ten pounds besides the duty; that then and in every (km, &c. such case it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or the major part of them, to direct the proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required to damp the same on payment of the duty by law payable for such vellum, parchment, or paper, in respect of the indrument, matter, or thing engrossed, printed, or written thereon, and one penalty of ten pounds only for every such (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, although the duty payable for the same shall have been imposed by more than one act of parliament, and notwithstanding the penalties thereupon may have accumulated to a larger sum than the said sum of te; i pounds; and every indrument, matter or thing, engrossed, printed, or written, on any vellum, parchment, or paper, so damped as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed of the like force and

validity

474 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 136. [1796.

It instruments not duly stampt, without intention of fraud, be brought to be so stampt within 60 days after execution, the of may remit the penalty, &c.

The additional duty imposed by 37 Geo. 3. c. 90, may be stampt on vellum, &c. used before Sept. 29, 1797, which ih-T.ll he brought to the head office before Nov. 1, on payment of duty.

validity in the law, as if the vellum, parchment or paper, so stamped, had been duly stamped before such instrument, matter, or thing, had been engrossed, printed, or written thereon; any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any case where it shall appear to the of of stamp duties, upon oath or affirmation, to be made before any one or more of the said of of stamp duties, (which oath or affirmation he is hereby authorised to administer), or otherwise, to their satisfaction, that any instrument whatever required by law to be engrossed, printed, or -written, on stamped vellum, parchment* or paper, hath not been engrossed, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped as aforesaid, either by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necessfty, or unavoidable circumstances, and without any intention in any party or parties thereto, to defraud his Majesty of the duties payable thereon, and such instrument shall be brought to the said of to be stamped as aforesaid within sixty days after the making or execution thereof, it shall be lawful for such of of stamp duties to remit the penalty payable on stamping such instrument, or any part thereof, as they shall deem expedient; and every person concerned in engrossing, printing, or writing, any such instrument, or in making or executing the same, shall be and is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified, from all further penalties and forfeitures, than such penalties or forfeitures or such parts thereof as shall not be so remitted by order of the said of of stamp duties.

IV. And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties have not been able to supply the different parts of the kingdom with sufficie?2t quantities of vellum, parchment^ and paper^ stamped with the additional duties granted by an act of the present session of parliament, before the period appointed for the commencement of the said duties, and several persons have necessarily used instruments without such stamps; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who shall have used, or shall at any time before the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, use any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such additional duty is imposed, and which shall be duly stamped in the manner required by the laws in force on and immediately before the passing of the said abl, to bring or fend the same to the said head office at any time before the first day of November, in order that the same may be stamped as aforesaid, on payment of the additional duty granted by the said abl, and it shall be lawful for the said of of stamp duties, or their officers appointed for such purpose, to stamp the same, on payment of the said additional duty only, without any penalty; and all and every person and persons concerned in engrossing, printing, or writing, any matter or thing, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, as aforesaid, or in using the same in manner aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed* and discharged, from and

agaipft

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 136. 475

against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred thereby before the stamping the same in maimer aforesaid.

[31 Geo. 3.

V. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and c. 25> recited. other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, certain stamp duties were imposed on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes r effectively; and it was thereby enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, before any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, liable io any stamp duty by the said aid imposed, should be engrossed, printed, or written thereon, should be brought to the head office for stamping such vellum, parchment, and paper; and that it should not be lauful for the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or their officers, toft amp any vellum, parchment, or paper, at any time after any bill of exchange, pro?niffory ncte, or other note, draft or order, should be written thereon, under any pretence what-Joever: be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful gXIc^ge for any person or persons, who dial] be the holder or holders of made after any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or passing this order, made after the passing of this act, and liable to any stamp liable to duty by virtue of the said recited act, which shall be damped r^e(j with a stamp of a different denomination than is required by the a(^? if on said act, if the same shall be of equal or superior value to the stamps of an stamp required, to produce the same, or cause the same to be or produced, within the respective times herein after mentioned, [hou^of^to the of appointed to manage the said duties at the different dehead office of stamps in Middlesex, or to such officer or officers as nominations the said of, or the major part of them, shall by than the legal writing under ther hands, appointed for such purpose; and ft be^roperl^y shall and may be lawful for such of to direct the stampt, on7 proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are payment of hereby required, upon payment of the duty payable on such tile duty and vellum, parchment, Or paper, by the said recited act, and iuchafirK penalty as is herein after mentioned, over and above the said duty, to mark or stamp such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, with the proper mark or stamp, and to give a receipt for the duty and penalty so paid on the back of such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, so stamped; and every such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, so stamped, shall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the law, as if the same had been duly stamped according to the directions of the said recited act; and all and every person or persons procuring such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft* or order, to be stamped as directed by this act, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, not having been duly stamped according to the directions of the said act.

476 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 137 — 139.[1796.

Penalty to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such bill of paid on exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, shall be

Pr°duced to said of before the same shall be payable according to the tenor and effect thereof, the same shall be stamped on payment of the said duty, and the penalty of forty

shillings; but in case such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, shall be, payable according to the tenor and effect thereof, before the production thereof to the said of for the purpose before mentioned, then the same shall not be stamped, unless on payment of the duty and the sum of ten pounds for the said penalty.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An act to continue an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to allow the banks, and certain ban king, companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all- persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.

[July 20, 1797.] — Continued until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An act to amend ad, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better Securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, by disabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majesty's revenues, from giving their votes at such elections, by extending the provision thereof to persons voting in any meeting of freeholders for prefes or clerk, or on any question relative to the adjustment of the roll offreeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering freeholders to administer the oath of 'trust and possession to persons offering to vote for prefes and clerks.

[July 20, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

37 Geo. c. 6. and

CAP. CXXXIX.

An act for allowing a further time for carrying into execution certain.powers contained in two acts of the present fejfwn of parliament, for raising a provisional cavalry, so far as the Jame relate to the regis-lering and accepting of volunteers in lieu of the said provisional cavalry, in such counties, and subdivisions of counties, wherein the said acts have not been carried into execution.

[July 20, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms, certain provisions are made for raising, in the several counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, a body of cavalry for his Majesty's service, to be kept in readiness to be called out into actualservice when-ever it shall be necessary, in order to repel any invasion that might be attempted by the enemies of the country: and whereas, by another act,

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 140. 477

passed in the same session of parliament, intituled An act to explain c. 23, recited, and amend an act, made in the present session of parliament, intituled, cAn act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms/ powers are given to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, aiding in the execution of the said acts^ for any subdivision of any county, ridings or division, to suspend the further execution of the said first-mentioned act within such subdivision, in case three fourth parts of the whole number of men to be rased within such subdivision should be registered, within a time therein limited, as volunteers, rased and formed under the authority of an act passed in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such eorps or 34 Geo. 3. companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for the c. 31* defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war; and also to suspend, the operation of the said act, as to classing and ballotting for the said provisional cavalry, in case any number of such volunteers should be registered for particular classes: and whereas certain counties, and subdivisions of counties, have not proceeded to execute the first-mentioned act: and it is expedient to allow a further time for regifering volunteers under the authority of the said act of the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in order that the execution of the said first-mentioned act may be suspended in such subdivisions and classes respectively, in the manner dir eft ed by and under the terms contained in the last mentioned act of the present session of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the pcwers, provisions, clauses, matters, Powers of and things, in the said last mentioned act of the present session of 37 Geo. 3. parliament contained, with respect to the approving and register- approving0 ing of volunteers raised or formed under the authority of the and register-said act of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present ing volunteers Majesty, within the time therein limited, and to the suspending under

the further execution of the said acts of the present session of ^31 e°nd*to parliament, or either of them, in the manner therein directed, suspending shall be, and the same are hereby extended and declared to be in the further full force, until and upon the first day of October one thousand execution of seven hundred and ninety-seven, in all and every the said coun- 6 ^nd3^ ties, and subdivisions of the said counties, in which the said extended to* acts of the present session of parliament have not been executed; Oct. 1, 1797, any thing in the said acts contained to the contrary notwith-n certain standingf countlcs*

CAP. CXL.

An act to enable his Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional pardons to persons under sentence by naval courts martial, and to, regulate mprisonment under such fintences.

[July 20, 7970.

478 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 140. [1796.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually for the performance of the conditions upon which his Majesty may be graciously pleased to grant conditional pardons to offenders liable to the punishment of death by sentence of 'naval courts martial; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and, with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend his mercy to any offender liable to the punishment of death by the sentence of a naval court martial, upon condition of transportation, or of transporting himself beyond Teas, or upon condition of being imprisoned within any gaol in Great Britain, or on condition of being kept to hard labour in

If his Majesty shall extend his mercy to person s liable to' death by the sentence of a naval

court martial, any gaol or house of correction, or penitentiary house* or on any river, under the direction of any superintendant or superinten-dants legally appointed for the charge of offenders sentenced to hard labour on such river, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the king's bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, of the degree of the coif, upon such intention of mercy as aforesaid being notified in writing by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to allow to such offender the benefit of such conditional pardon as shall be expressed in such notification, in the same manner as if a conditional pardon had passed for that purpose under the great seal; and thereupon whenever any such pardon shall be granted to any such offender upon condition of transportation, or of transporting himself, such justice or baron shall make an order for the transportation of such offender upon the terms and for the time which shall be Specified in such notification, and shall also make such other order or orders, and do all such other acts

a justice of the king's bench, <Scc. rnay, on notification from the secretary of state, allow the benefit of such conditional pardon as if it had passed under the great seal, and shall make orders accordingly.

consequent upon the same, as any such justice or baron is authorised to make or do by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders, and to authorise the removal ofprisoners, in certain cases \ and for other purposes therein mentioned, with respect to offenders in such act mentioned, tried at any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery in England, as in the said act mentioned; and such order and orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such acts as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by such person in whose custody such offender shall 2t that time be, and all other persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same con Sequences, as any order made under the authority of the said act with respect to any offender in the said act mentioned; and whenever any such pardon shall be so granted as aforesaid to any offender liable to the punishment of death by the sentence of a naval court martial as aforesaid, upon condition of being imprisoned within any gaol in Great Britain, or on condition of being kept to hard labour in any house of correction, or penitentiary house, or on condition of being kept to hard labour, during any specified term, oq any river, under the direction and management of any superintendant or superintendants legally appointed as

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 140 479

aforesaid, and such pardon shall have been allowed in manner aforesaid by any such justice or baron as aforesaid, such justice or baron shall order such offender to be imprisoned or kept to hard labour in the manner and for the time which shall be specified in the notification of such conditional pardon from such secretary of ffate as aforesaid, and shall make such order or orders, and do all such other acts consequent thereupon, as any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery is authorised to make or do by an a<£I, passed in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offender r, with respect to offenders mentioned in the said act, and to whom conditional pardons may be granted, as in the said act mentioned; and such order or orders when made, and all such other act and acts when done, by any such justice or baron as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences, as any order made for the like purpose under the authority of the last mentioned act, with respect to any offender in such act mentioned; and every sheriff, gaoler, keeper, governor, or superintendant, whom it may concern, and all constables and other persons shall be bound to obey the aforesaid order and orders, be assistant in the execution thereof, and be liable to the same punishment for disobedience or interrupting the execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the authority of the aforesaid acts respectively; and every person to-whom such conditional pardon shall be extended, shall be subject respectively to all and every the provision and provisions made by law and now in force concerning persons convicted of any crime and receiving his Majesty's pardon on any such condition as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any offender liable The justice or to the punishment of death by the sentence of any naval court aIlow"

1 j j inp* fhp nar-

martial as aforesaid, shall receive and be allowed his Majesty's to direct pardon in mannes aforesaid, the justice or baron who shall allow the notifica-such pardon, and make any such order as aforesaid under any such tion and order notification of his Majesty's intention as aforesaid, ftnli direct the said notification, and his own order made thereupon, to be of the crown filed in the office of the clerk of the crown of his Majesty's court of the court of of king's bench, and to be there kept of record; and the said king's bench, clerk of the crown shall receive a fee of two (hidings and six pence, and no more, for filing the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any offender When an of-

shall be ordered, by virtue of this act, to be itnoiifoned or to be ffncie, r 1S, ordered to be

kept to hard labour in any such manner as aforesaid, the clerk of imprir0ned,

the crown shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or kept to

in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, a certificate hard labour,

in writing under his hand, (not taking for the same more than^cmwiTto

two shillings and sixpence over and above what he has received deliveruTthe

for filing the said notification and order), -containing an account person in

of the christian name and surname of such offender, of his of- whole custody

fence, of the place where the court was held, before whom he certffiateof

was convicted, and of the time for which, the place where, and

: he

480 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 140. [1796.

offence, &c. the manner in which, he shall be ordered to be imprisoned, or to m<i (hC\) JTr* ^cePt to ^arc^a^our» ]n any such manner as aforesaid; and the ver him and' Person having the custody of such. offender shall, with all conve-the certificate nient speed after receiving such certificate as aforesaid, convey to the gaoler, such offender, or cause him to be conveyed, to the house, prison, or place, to which he shall so be directed to be conveyed, and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, such offender, together with such certificate, to the gaoler, keeper, governor, or super-intendant, as the case may be, or to such person as such gaoler, keeper, governor, or superintendant, shall appoint; and the person to whom such offender shall be so delivered shall give a proper receipt, in writing under his hand, to the person so delivering such offender, for the discharge of such person, and such certificate shall be kept by the person to whom such offender shall be so delivered, as his warrant and authority for keeping such offender in his custody for such term, and in such manner, as shall be therein specified.

The clerk of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said clerk of the the crown, on crown of his Majesty's court of king's bench shall, upon the to deliver^ application of any such offender who shall accept his Majesty's certificate of pardon, or of any other person applying on his behalf, or on the the name, of- application of any person on behalf of his Majesty, to deliver a conTidio^ certl^ca^e {n writing under his hand, (not taking for the same and terms of more than two shillings and sixpence), containing an account of pardon, which the chriffian name and surname of such offender, of his offence, shall be proof. Gf the place where the court was held, before whom he was con-vi6fed, and of the terms and conditions on which his Majesty's pardon was extended to him, which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and fentehce of such offender, and also of the terms on which such pardon was granted to him, in any court, and in any proceeding wherein it maybe necessary to enquire into the same.

His Majesty V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

may remove for j^s Mayfly to remove any offender under sentence of death offenders under sentence by any naval court martial, but reprieved during his Majesty's

of death by a pleasure, or under order of transportation by virtue of this act, or naval court, in confinement under sentence of any court martial, to such place, ^offend'n marmer> with such restrictions, as'he is empowered crsVo repriev- to d° with respect to offenders under sentence of death, but reed, are re mo v- prieved during his Majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order ed by 24 Geo. of transportation by the said act passed in the twenty-fourth year 3. self. a. of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the effectual tr'anfporta-s* touch tWn fe^ons^ an^ °t^er offenders, and to authoiffe* the removal of ing escape of pr[foners, in certain cases; and for other purposes therein specified. felons under

VI. And be it further enacted, I hat if any offender under sentence of sentence of death by a naval court martial as aforesaid, shall be death to^ap- a)lowed the benefit of such conditional pardon as aforesaid, all ers unde/like anc^ ever7 t^le laws now in force touching the escape of felons sentence by a under sentence of death shall apply to such offender, and to all naval court, persons aiding, abetting, or assistant, in any escape, or intended if allowed the escape5 of any such offender, or contriving any such escape, from conditional when such order shall be made by such justice or baron

pardon.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 141, 142. 481

as aforesaid, and during all the several proceedings which shall be had for the purposes aforesaid.

CAP. CXLI.

An act to enable the deputy of the clerk of the house of commons ^for the time being, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

[July 20, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing certain, rates of postage, s Geo. 3. and for other purposes, the clerk of the house of commons, for the time c. 35. being, is author fed io send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual jepUty and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Of the clerk and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law- of the house ful for the deputy of the clerk of the house of commons, for the time being, to send and receive letters and packets free from the ^ceive^tt-11 duty of postage, in like manner as the clerk of the house of ters, Scc. free commons is authorised to do by virtue of the said act. from polhge.

II. And be it further enacted, Thar this act shall be deemed Commence-and taken to have commencement from the eleventh day of July of the one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. a(*

CAP. CXLII.

An act for the better administration of justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British subjects from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India.

[July 20, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

intituled,

[*3 Geo. 3.]

An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the c*

East India company, as well in India as in Europe, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to ere ft and establish a supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to confifi of a chief justice and three other justices, being barrifiers of England or Ireland, of not less than five years fianding, to be named from time to time by his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas by the said act, and by divers other acts of parliament, certain jurisdictions, powers, and authorities, were given to the said court to be exercfed in the manner therein directed: and whereas it may be expedient that the number of judges should be reduced; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual Qn the death, and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, &c. of any of and by the authority of the same, That _ immediately after the the puisne death, resignation, or removal, of any of the puisne judges of jlw^es of the4 the said supreme court, that the office of one of the said puisne o^u^cature judges shall be and the same is hereby suppressed; and from and in Bengal, it immediately after such death, resignation, or removal, the said shall con fill of

supreme court shall conlift of'a chief justice, and two other a chiefjustice VT T*T: J, and two

VOL. XLI.'I 1 judges other judges.

His Majesty may direct the payment of a yearly sum out of

482 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. 142. [1796.

judges only; and all powers, jurisdictions, and authorities whatsoever, shall, from and after such period as aforesaid, be enjoyed and exercised by the said chief justice and other judges, in as full and ample a manner as the same might have been held, enjoyed, and exercised, by the said supreme court under the authority of the said herein-before recited acct, or any other act or acts of parliament, or under the charter of justice, granted by his Majesty under the authority of the same.

II. And whereas his Majesty has by law no power to direU the application of any part of the revenues of the territorial acquisitions in India, as a provision for a chief justice, or other judge, of the said supreme court, who, from infirmity, or other causes approved of by his Majesty, may return to Europe: and whereas it is expedient that such power, to a limited extent, be veftedin his Majesty, his heirs and successors; be it therefore Onadled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the death, resignation, or removal, of one of the judges of the said supreme court, and the suppression of the said office in the manner herein-before directed, that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and/ucceflb'rs,; b'y the territorial warrant under his royal iign manual, to authorise and direct the revenues, to payment of a competent yearly sum out of the revenues arising hce o/other" ^rom t^e territorial acquisitions in India, to be applied for the use judge return- and behoof of any chief justice or other judge, who, from age, ing to Europe, infirmity, or other cause, to be approved of by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall return to Europe.

Not more

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for his

r^ni^Tobe heirs or successors, to authorise the payment of any

Fo % aidnto0any l'arger hum for the use and behoof of any chief justice so returning chief justice, as aforesaid, than the sum of two thousand pounds per annum, or of any other judge, than the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty to authorise the payment of any sum whatever to any person who has not resided in India as judge of the said supreme court for the space of feveri years; nor shall it be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to authorise the payment of any sum which, with the sums already directed and authorised to be paid, at the date of such grant, ihal], in the whole, -exceeed the amount of the salary now-paid to one of the puisne judges of the said supreme court.

IV. And whereas, by the charter of justice -granted by his Majesty, under the authority of the herein-before recited all, paftfed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, the said supreme court of judicature was directed and required to reduce, or cause to be reduced, to writing, the depositions of witnesses in civil causes, and was directed to require the same to be subscribed by such witnesses, with their name or other mark, and to file the same of record: and whereas by the said charter of justice, it was also dire died that no appeal should be allowed from the said supreme court of judicature, un lefts the value of the matters in dispute exceed the sum of one thousand pagodas: and whereas the requiring the depositions of witnesses to be reduced into writing, and filed of record, is productive of much expence and delay in small causes,

where

nor more than 1, 500l. per ann. to any other judge, nqr to any that has not resided in India as a judge for seven years, See,

)y

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. 483

where the value of the matter in dispute does not exceed one thousand pagodas, and which, for that reason, cannot be made the subject of The supreme appeal; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing the matTe/in of this act, it shall be in the discretion of the said supreme court, dispute does in all cases when the value of the matter in dispute does not noc exceed exceed one thousand pagodas, either to direct the deposition of i, oooopagodas, witnesses to be reduced into writing, and filed of record, or not, to

as the said court shall think fit, in the particular case; any be fled of thing in the said charter of j ustice contained to the contrary not- record, or withstanding. not*

V. And whereas, by the said herein before recited a St, it was enr ailedy that his Majesty might, by charier or letters patent, effiQblish a fupre?ne court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, in the manner, and with the powers in the said a St mentioned; and it was also enacted, that the supreme court so to be ereSled should have power to appoint clerks and other miniffierial officers, with such reasonable salaries, as should be approved of by the governor general and council: and whereas his Majesty did issue his royal letters patent, for erecting a supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal; and, among other things, power was given to the said supreme court, from time to time, as occasion should require, to appoint such clerks and mini-flers as should be necessary for the administration of justice, and the execution of the authorities granted to the court, which said officers and clerks were to receive such reasonable salaries as the said supreme court should appoint for each office and place respectively, and as the governor general and council should approve: (2nd whereas the said supreme court did appoint certain clerks and ministers, with salaries, which were approved of by the governor" general and council: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said salaries so appointed and approved of as aforesaid, can be reduced or altered, or -any of the said offices abolished or suppreffied, without the authority of parliament: and whereas the salaries paid by the East India company to the clerks and ministers of the supreme court, amount to a large sum, and yet nevertheless the said clerks and ministers have, and do receive, fees for all business done by them in the said court: and whereas it may be expedient that the said salaries should be reviewed, and that power should be given to alter the same if necessary; be it therefore enacted, That The court of'it shall and may be lawful for the court of directors of the united directors ma^ company of merchants trading to India to direct the chief justice chkf justice of the said supreme court to issue a precept or order, directed to toifluea pre-all and each of the officers, clerks, and ministers of tire supreme cept to the court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, calling upon them officers otthe and each of them to make a return upon oath, which oath said chief justice, or any of the judges of the said supreme court, make a re-are hereby empowered and required to administer, of the amount turn, on oath, of the salary received by such officer and officers, and also a list of their fala-of the fees to which he or they are entitled, together with the nes an atnount of the same, which have been received by such officer for the three years next immediately preceding the date of the said precept or order.

false return to forfeit their offices.

484 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. [1796.

Officers of the

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every court to make £]crh? officer, and minister of the said supreme court, shall pay the precept in ^ue °bedience to the said order or precept, and make a true 20 days, and return to the same within twenty days next after the date of the for making a same; and if any such officer, minister, or clerk shall be guilty of making a false return, or shall not set forth in the same the full amount of the salary, fees, perquisites, and emoluments which he shall have received for the 3aft three years, and each or any part of the same during which he shall have been in office; then and in such case, such officer shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, forfeit his said office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office in the said supreme court or in the service of the said united company.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the chief justice and other judges of the said supreme court, shall, as soon as they conveniently can after the receipt of the said returns, take the same into their consideration, and report to the governor general in council, under their hands and seals, which of the said offices are, in their opinion, proper to be continued, and what is the proper salary to be allowed to each of the same, and whether any retrenchment can, with propriety, be made therein, with their reasons for the same; and in case the said chief justice and the -.other judges, or any of them, shall not agree respedbing the said report, then such of the said judges as do dissent from the opinion of the majority shall also reporr, under his or their hands and If the council seals, his or their opinion, with the reasons thereof; and in case agree with the the governor general in council do agree with the majority of the fpcdinJre- said'supreme court concerning the extent of the said retrench-trenchments, ment, if any can be made therein, the said governor general in they are to be council shall, and they are hereby empowered to alter, abridge, made, subject or ffiaolish, all or any of the said offices and salaries which to them*shall so seem proper to be altered, or abridged, or abolished, at

such time and times, and in such manner as they shall think fit, subject nevertheless to such orders and directions as they shall receive from the court of directors concerning the same; but in

Judges to take returns into consideration, 'and report to the governor general in council what offices ffiouid be continued, and the salaries.

to the orders of the court of directors, who are also to decide if the council and judges disagree.

Jt'a vacancy occur before the report is made, it is to be filled up pravilionaily.

case the said governor general in council shall disagree with the said report from the majority of the said court, or any part thereof, then such parts of the said report, as are the subjects of difference between the said governor general in council and the said supreme court, shall be suspended, and shall not be carried into execution, but the same shall be transmitted home for the ultimate decision of the court of directors respecting the same, who shall give such orders respecting the same as they shall think fit: provided always. That, from and after the passing of this aeff, and until the said report shall be made and considered as is herein-before directed, if any vacancy shall occur in any of the offices or places under the said supreme court, which are herein directed to be reviewed, the same shall be filled up by the judges of the said supreme court provisionally only, and a person or persons shall be by them appointed to do the duty of the said office until the said report shall be made; and such office or offices shall be

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. 485

liable to be reduced, or the salaries altered, if necessary, in the same manner as if they were actually vacant at the time of making such report.

VIII. And vahereas certain regulations for the better adminifixation of justice a?nong the native inhabitants and others, being within the provinces ^/'Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, have been from time to time framed by the governor general in council in Bengal; and among other regulations it has been established and declared as essential to the future prosperity of the British territories in Bengal, that all regulations^ passed by government, affecting the rights, properties, or persons of the Ju fields, should be formed into a regular code, and printed, with translations, in the country languages, and that the grounds of every regulation be prefixed to it; and that the courts ofjufice within the provinces be bound to regulate their decisions by the rules and ordinances which such regulations may contain, whereby the native inhabitants may be made acquainted with the privileges and immunities granted to them by the British government, and the mode of obtaining speedy redress for any infringement of the same: and whereas it is essential that so u)ife andfalutary a provision should befriflly observedand that it should not be in the power of the governor general in council to neglect or to dispense with the same; be it therefore enacted, That Regulations of all regulations which shall be issued and framed by the governor the g°ve.rnor general in council at Fort William in Bengal, affe£ling the rights, ^ich

persons, or property, of the natives, or of any other individuals who affect the na-may be amenable to the provincial courts of justice, shall be re- tives or others1 giftered in the judicial department, and formed into a regular code, and printed, with translations, in the country languages, justice^o^e and that the grounds of each regulation shall be prefixed to itj printed, with and all the provincial courts of judicature shall be, and they are translations, ' hereby directed to be bound by and to regulate their decisions by jR^e^coun^Y such rules and ordinances as shall be contained in the said regulations; and the said governor general in council shall annually transmit to the court of directors of the East India company ten copies of such regulations as may be passed in each year, and the same number to the board of of for the affairs of India.

IX. And whereas his late majesty King George the Second did. Recital of by his letters patent, bearing date at Welt min ster the eighth day January, in the twenty-sixth year of his reign, grant unto the united the" Second* company of merchants trading to the East Indies, his royal charter, thereby, amongf other things, confituting, and establishing courts of civil, criminal, and ecclesiastical jur if diction, at the said united company s settlements at Madras Patnam and Bombay in the island of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal: and whereas the said charter., in Jg far as it respefis the admithfhation of justice at Fort William in Bengal, has been altered and changed by an all, passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe: and whereas the said charter dees not f(efficiently provide for the due admin fration of justice in such manner as the fate aqfi condition of the company's settlements at Madras Patnam and Botri* 'r V;

1 ' 3'ba3V

Zojgte

4B6 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142, [1796.

His Majesty bay, do and mufi require: be it therefore enacted, That it shall court^oHu- anc* may be 'awIu' for his Majesty, by charter or letters patent dicature at under the great seal of Great, to erect and establish a

Madras and court of judicature at Madras and Bombay respectively, which Bombay, to shall consist of the ma'yor and three of the aldermen reddent at may<^ °three t^e ^ai<* settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively for the aldermen, and tiiiie being; which aldermen shall, from time to time* be selected a recorder, in such manner as shall be directed and prescribed by his Majesty who shall be a in the said charter, together with one other person at each of the be^pmnnted ^aic* settlements, to be named from time to time by his Majesty, by his Ma- his heirs faccessors, which said person shall be a bsrrifter of jesty. England or Ireland, of not less than five years (landings which said person so appointed shall be the president of the said court, and shall be {tiled The Recorder of Madras and Bombay respectively; which said courts of judicature shall have, and the same are hereby declared to have, full power and authority to exercise and perform all civil, criminal, and ecclesiastical, and admiralty jurisiliation, and to appoint such ministerial officers as may be nCdeflary, and to form and establish such rules of practice, and such rules for the process of the said court, and to do all such other things as shall be necessary for the administration of justice and the due execution of all or any of the powers which shall or may, by the said charter, be committed to the said courts; and the same shall also be at all times courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery in and for Fori Saint George, and the town of Madras, and the limits thereof, and the factories subordinate thereto, and in and for the town and island of Bombay, and the limits thereof, and the factories subordinate thereto respectively. Extent of their X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the

jurisdicttiom said new charter, which his Majesty is hereby empowered to grant, and the jurisdiction, powers, and authorities, to be thereby establishedj shall extend to all British subjects who shall reside within any of the fadlories subject to or dependant upon the governments of Madras and Bombay respectively; and the said charter shall be competent and effectual, and the said courts therein and thereby established shall have full power and authority, according to their respective jurisdictions, to hear and determine all and all manner of complaints against any of his Majesty's subjects, for any crimes, mifilemeanots, and oppressions, committed or to be committed, and also to hear and determine all suits and actions whatsoever against any of his Majesty's subjects arising interritories fubiedf to or dependant upon the said governments of Madras and Bombay respectively, or within any of the territories which now are or hereafter may be subject to or dependant upon the said governments, or within any of the dominions of the native princes of India in alliance with the said governments respectively, or against any person who at the time when such debt or cause of action shall have arifest, have been employed by, or shall have been ditedfly or indirectly in the Court not of the united company, or any of his Majesty's subjects;

competent to provided always, That the said court shall not be competent to / hear.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. 487

hear, try, and determine any i-ndidment or information again# try inforrna-the governor, or any of the council, not being treason or felony, which the governor or any of "the council at Madras or Bombay c/council*1, 0* respectively shall or may be charged with having committed except for within the jurisdictions of the said courts respectively. treason or

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said courts, so to be felony* erected as aforesaid, shall have full power and authority to hear, ^0U^S^J try, and determine all and all manner of suits and actions, either ^ich, by.* civil or criminal, which by the authority of any act or acts of authority of parliament may now be heard, tried, or determined by the parliament, mayor's courts at Madras or Bombay respectively, or by the courts of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery there; and all powers, may0r>g authorities, and jurisdictions, of what kind or nature soever, courts, or which by any act or acts of parliament may be or are directed to courts of be exercised by the said mayor's courts, or the said courts of oyer °y.er aild ter-and terminer and gaol delivery, shall and may be as fully and mmer* effectually exercised by the said courts, to be erected in the manner aforesaid, as the same might have been exercised and enjoyed by the said mayor's courts or courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery respectively: provided always, That nothing in this Thegovernor, ad shall extend to subject the person of the governor, or any of council, and the council at the respective settlements, or the person of the the°court°not recorder of the said court, to be arrested or imprisoned in any subject to suit, action, or proceeding in the said court; nor shall it bearreft. competent for the said courts, within their respective jurisdic- Jurisdiction of tions, to hear or determine, or to entertain and exercise juris- the courts not didion in any suit or action again# the governor or any of council at the said settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively, j-ers# for or on account of any ad or order, or any other ad, matter, or thing whatsoever, coundlied, ordered, or done by them in their publick capacity, or acting as governor and council; nor shall the said court have or exercise any jurisdiction in any matter concerning the revenue under the management of the said governor and council respectively, either within or beyond the limits of the said towns, forts, or fadories, or concerning any act done according to the usage and practice of the country, and the regulations of the governor and council; and no person shall be subject to the jurisdiction of any of the said courts for or by reason of being a landowner, landholder, or farmer of land or of land rent, or for receiving apension or payment in lieu of any title to or ancient.possession of land or land rent, or for receiving any compensation or share of profits for collecting rents payable to the publick out of such'lands or difirids as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his undertenants by virtue of the farm, or for exercising v/ithin the said lands or farms any ordinary or local authority commonly annexed to the possession or farm thereof, or for or by reason of his becoming security for the payment of the rents reserved, or other wise payable out of any lands or farms, or farms of lands, within the dominion subj-ed to the governments of JlMadras and Bombay respectively; and no person for or by reason of his being employed by the said

Rights of fathers and matters of families to be preserved.

Courts may determine suits against the inhabit-

488 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. [1796.

company, or the governor and council, or by any person deriving authority under them, for or on account of his being employed by a native, or the descendant of a native, of Great Britain, shall become subject to the jurisdiction of the said courts respectively, in any matter of inheritance of succession to goods or lands, or in any matter of dealing or contract between party or parties, except in actions for wrongs or trespasses only.

XII. And, in order that due regard may be had to the civil and religious usages of the natives; be it enacted, That the rights and authorities of fathers of families, and matters of families, according as the same may be exercised by the gentu or mahomedan law, shall be preserved to them within their families respectively, nor shall the same be violated or interrupted by any of the proceedings of the said courts; nor shall any act done in consequence of the rule or law of cast, so far as respects the members of the same family only, be deemed a crime, although the same may not be justifiable by the laws of England.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said courts so to be erected as aforesaid, shall have full power to hear and determine all suits and actions that may be brought against the inhabitants antsaccording of Madras and Bombay respectively, in the manner that shall be provided by the said charter; yet nevertheless, their inheritance and succession to lands, rents, and goods, and all matters of contract and dealing between party and party, shall be determined, in the case of mahomedans, by the laws and usages of the maho-medans, and where the parties are gentus, by the laws and usages of the gentus, or by such laws and usages as the same would have been determined by if the suit had been brought, and the action commenced, in a native court; and where one of the parties shall be a mahomedan or gentu, by the laws and usages of the defendant; and in all suits so to be determined by the laws and usages of the natives, the said court shall make such rules and orders for the conduct of the same, and frame such process for the execution of their judgements, sentences, or decrees, as ffihll be moil consonant to the religions and manners of the said natives, and to the said laws and usages respectively, and the easy attainment of the ends of justice; and such means shall be adopted for compelling the appearance of witnesses, and taking their examination, as shall be consistent with the said laws and usages, so that the said suits shall be concluded with as much ease, and at as little expence, as is consistent with the attainment of substantial justice.

No action for

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no action for wrong wrong, to be or injury shall be against any person whatever exercising a judicial cfdTofficerUfor °^ce ^ri any country court, for 2ny judgement, decree, or order any order of the hid court, or against any person for any act done by or in court, nor for virtue of the order of the said court; and in case any information any done js intended to be brought against any such person or officer, the any^iio^or ^arne bought and proceeded in, in the same manner, and to

der; but if all intents and purposes in the same form, and to the same any informs- effect, as such informations are directed to be proceeded in before

the

to the charter, but their inheritance of lands, &c. to be determined as would have been done in a native court; and where one party is a mahomedan or gentu, by the usages of the defendant, &c.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. 489

the supreme court of judicature at Calcutta in Bengal, by an action is intend^ passed in the twenty-first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act to explain and amendJo much of an act, made in the thirteenth COrding to year of the-reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for ejlab- zi Geo. 3. lishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of c. 70, the East India coinpany, as well in India as in Europe, " as relates to the adminijl ration ofjufice in Bengal; and for the relief of certain per font imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a judgement of the Jupre7ne court of judicature, and also for indemnifying the governor general and council ^Bengal, and all officers who have aSted under their orders or authority, in the undue reftftance o made to the process of the supreme court,

XV. And be it further enacted, That a regiffry of the natives A registry of

employed in the service of the said company, or in the service of b^the

British subjects, or their partners, shall be established within the company or settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively, in the same Britishsub-manner, to the same effect, to the like extent, and for the like to be purpose, and subject to the like penalties, as such register is established at Calcutta, by the said act passed in the twenty-first aSa a year of his present Majesty's reign.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be His Majesty to

directed, in and by the said new charter which his Majesty is herein ^b^ner^hat empowered to grant, that in case any person or persons whatever persons may shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any judgement appeal from or determination of either of the said courts of judicature, to be the courts to established as aforesaid, he, she, or they may appeal from such in

judgement or determination, to his Majesty in council, within such time and in such manner, and in such cases, as his Majesty in his said charter shall judge proper and reasonable to be appointed and prescribed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if his Majesty shall grant such charter as aforesaid, and ered such courts of judicature at Madras and Bombay, all the records and muniments and proceedings whatsoever, of and belonging to the said mayor's oyer and ter-courts at Madras and Bombay respectively, or to the courts of miner, to be oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, there established by the new* aforesaid charter of his late Majesty, shall, from and immediately after such courts of judicature as his Majesty is herein empowered to ered shall be established, be delivered over, preserved, and deposited, for safe custody in the said new courts of judicature respectively; to which all parties concerned shall and may have

resort and recourse, upon application to the said court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Jurisdiction of charter granted by his late Majesty, as confers any civil, criminal,

or ecclesiastical jurisdiction upon the mayor's courts of Madras and Gf the prefi-Bombay respectively, or upon the president and council as a court of dents and appeal from the said courts, or of oyer and terminer and gaol deli- councils as very, at the said settlements, or the subordinates thereto belonging, in case a new charter shall be granted by his Majesty, and shall be on publication openly published at Madras and Bombay respectively, from and of new char -immediately after such publication shall cease and determine, ter.

and

Records of the mayor's courts, or the courts of

courts.

49° Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. [1796.

Court of dire ctors to cause to be paid to the recorder of each court 5000l. annually out of the revenues of the settle -ment.

Commencement of Hilaries, which are to be in lieu of all emoluments.

and be absolutely void to all intents and purposes; and all judicial powers and authorities granted by any act or acts of parliament to the said mayor's or courts of appeal at the said fertlements, shall cease and determine, and be no longer exercised by the said courts; but the same shall and maybe exercised by the courts of judicature to be erected by virtue of this act, in the manner, and to the extent herein-before directed; but nevertheless the said charter shall, in all other respects, continue in full force and effedb, to all intents and purposes, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, except in so far as it is altered or varied by this act, as fully and effectually as if this act had not been made, or such new charter should not have been granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during such time as the said settlements of Madras and Bombay respectively shall remain in the possession of the said united company, the court of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required to direct and cause to be paid to the recorder of the said court of judicature at Madras, the yearly sum of five thousand pounds, and to the recorder of the court of judicature at Bombay the yearly sum of five^ thousand pounds, and such salaries shall be paid to them and each of them for the time being respectively, out of the revenues of the said respective settlement^of Madras and Bombay, at an exchange of eight shillings for the pagoda at Madras, and of two shillings and sixpence for the Bombay rupee at the settlement of Bombay.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said salaries shall take place and commence, in respect to fuclY persons who shall be resident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon and from the day on which such person shall embark from Great Britain; and that the salaries of all such persons who shall at the time of their appointment be resident in India, shall commence and take place from and after their respectively taking upon them the execution of their office as aforesaid; and that all such salaries shall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, and advantages whatsoever; and that no fees of office, perquisites, emoluments, or advantages whatsoever shall be accepted, received, or taken, in any manner, or on any account or pretence whatsoever, other than such salaries and

allowances as are in and by this a <9: directed to be paid.

If therecorder

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the recorder of the

return to Eu* court of judicature at Madras and Bombay respectively, shall rerope after five t't? ± r.r.J, r i

years rtfi- turrl to Burcpe^ from age, infirmity, or other cause, to be

dence in India approved of by his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his

as such, his Majesty, by warrant under the sign manual, to dire<Tand autho-

r^e an a^owance to be made out of the revenues of the British

annuity out territories in India, to such recorder so returning: provided

of the terri- always, That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct any

torial reve- larger allowance to be made to such recorder so returning, than

Rues* the (um of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum j nor

shall it be lawful for his Majesty to direct any allowance to be

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142.. 491

made to any person who has not resided five years in India as recorder of stich courts of judicature: provided always, That it shall not be lawful for his Majesty to direct the allowance of any sum to any recorder as aforesaid, which, with the allowance already diretfted and authorised at the date of such grant to be paid, either to any recorder as aforesaid, or any chief justice or other judge of the supreme court of judicature at Calcutta, shall, in the whole, exceed the amount of the salary of one of the judges of the supreme court of judicature at Calcutta.

XXII. And, in order more effectually to provide for the regular It the recorder administration of justice be it enacted, That whenever it shall ^fUcce'flbr^ happen that the recorder of Madras or Bombay respectively fbal) shall be on the die, and no person shall be upon the spot, who shall be appointed spot, the

by his Majesty to succeed to such recordership, in such case, and puisne judge as soon as the same shall be made known to the supreme court ^ourt ^PCal-C of judicature at Calcutta, the junior puisne judge of the said court cutta to pr0, shall and he is hereby directed and authorised to proceed, with ceed to the all convenient speed, to the settlement where such vacancy shall Settlement have happened, and shall take upon himself the office of recor^er Q^Ce till of the said settlement, and shall hold and exercise the same in as recorder full and ample a manner as if he had been appointed recorder arrives, of the said settlement by his Majesty by authority of this act, and shall continue to hold and exercise the said office until a recorder shall be appointed by his Majesty, and until such recorder shall arrive at the said settlement, and no longer.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such judge, so acting Adingre-as recorder during a vacancy, and until the arrival of the person ccyder to reappointed to succeed the said office, shall be entitled to receive a portion offi-proportion of salary, and no more than would have become due {ary,

to such recorder during the period while the vacancy shall be supplied by such judge as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing ill this act shall ex- Appointment

tend, or be construed to extend, to vacate the appointment ofjudge not such judge by reason of his exercising the office of recorder as adtim*a* re aforesaid. corder."

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said person or Recorders not persons so to be appointed by his Majesty recorder of the court to be con-

of judicature at Madras and Bombay respectivel)7, shall not carry kerned in on, be concerned in, or have any dealings or transactions byLiailc ' way of traffick or commerce of any kind whatsoever, either for his or their own use, benefit, profit, or advantage, or the use, benefit, profit, or advantage of any person whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all offences committed Recorder to be by or charged upon the said recorder of the said courts, shall be tried as^he heard, tried, and determined in the same manner as if the same C

were committed by or charged upon any of the judges of the COUrt at Cal-supreme courts of judicature at Calcutta. cutta.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all new forms of All new forms process, or rules and orders for the execution thereof, shall be ofprocefsto transmitted to the president of the board of commissionets for ^Umhoard^ the affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his royal for india af-

approbation, fairs.

49 2

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 142. [1796.

approbation, correction, or refusal; and such process shall be ufeel, and such rules shall be observed until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the last case with such variation as shall be made therein.

XXVIII. And whereas the practice of British subjects lending money, or being concerned in the lending of the same, or in transactions for the borrowing money for, or lending 'money to, the native princes in India, has been productive of much mischief and is the fonrce of much ujury and extortion: and whereas the wholesome orders of the court of dire di or s of the united company of merchants trading to India, have not been jujfcient to refrain and reprejs the same: and whereas it is highly definable that such pradiices should he prevented in future \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of December next, no British subject shall, by himself, or by any other person directly or indirectly employed by him, lend any money or other valuable thing to any native prince in India, by whatever name or description such native prince shall be calied, n^liv^princeT nor any A>ntif subject, either by himself, or by any other without ecTi- person directly or indirectly employed by him, be concerned in ft nt of the court of directors. or the governor in council; and any person doing so may be prosecuted for a mil'demeanor.

From Dec. i, 1797, no P.rt-tish lubjtdt to lend any money, or be concerned in

the lending any money to any such native prince, nor shall any British subject be concerned either by himself or by any other person, either di redly or indirectly, in raising or procuring any money for any such native prince, or as being security for such loan or money, nor shall any Brit if subject lend any money or other valuable thing to any other person for the purpose of being lent to any such native prince, nor shall any British subject, by himself or by any other person, either directly or indirectly, fof his use and benefit, take, receive, hold, enjoy, or be concerned in any bond, note, or other security or alignment, granted or to be granted by any such native prince, after the nrfi: day of December, next, for the loan, or for the re-payment of money, or other valuable thing, without the consent and approbation of the court of directors of the East India company, or the consent and approbation of the governor in council of one of the said company's governments in India, first had'and obtained in writing; and every person doing, acting, or transacting, or being concerned in any actings, doings, and transactions, contrary to this act, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a misdemeanor at law', and shall and may be proceeded again! and punished as such, by virtue of this act, before any court of competent jurisdiction; and all bonds, notes, alignments, or securities for money, of what kind or nature soever, taken, held, or enjoyed, either directly or indirectly, for the use and benefit of any British subject, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be, and the lame are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes. tcA be "over a -

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as

irentsm India any information shall be given, or complaint made, to any of for acting the governments of the said united company in the East Indies, contrary to of any person having acted contrary to the provisions of this act,

calb to^Haid ^'uc'1 §overnmsnl: s lha^ forthwith lay the case before the company's

Se eerily for money lent contrary hereto, to be void.

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 143. 493

pany's law officers at the settlement where it arises, who shall before the

take the same into their consideration, and report their opinion ^0^p^rt

thereupon, whether the same is a proper case for prosecution shall be trarif-

(together with their reasons for the same), which report shall be mitted to the

transmitted home to thecouitof directors by the first convenient collrt of directors.

opportunity.

XXX. And whereas the provision made by the charter of justice of his late Majesty, for the establishment of a court of requefs in and for the towns tf/'Madras Patnam, Bombay, and Calcutta, for the recovery of debts, duties, and demands therein, not exceeding the value of five pagodas, in manner therein directed, hath bec?i found beneficial and convenient: and whereas an extenfon of jurisdiction of the said courts for the recovery of debts, duties, and demands, to a larger amount in value is found to be useful-, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the jurisdiction of the said courts Jurisdictions of requests at and for the said towns of Madras Patnam, Bombay, ^Tat and Calcutta, respectively, shall be and the same is extended to jyja(]ras Bom-the recovery of all or any manner of debts, duties, and demands, bay, and Cal-not exceeding in value the sum of eighty current rupees^ respect cutta, extend-tively, and for that purpose that the of of the said ec* to 80 ru" courts of requests, and their successors, ftiail have full power and ?eeS* authority to hear and determine all actions, plaints, and suits, which have grown, or shall be brought before them, in their said respective courts where the debt, duty, or matter in dispute, shall not exceed the said value of eighty current rupees, and to award execution thereupon for the debt or sum adjudged to be clue, in the same manner as they now do for debts and demands under the sum of five pagodas.

CAP. CXLIII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

[July 20, 1797.]

'HERE AS^an act, pafifed in the thirty-fifth year of the Preftm^e* reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false cited?*and unequal balances; it was (among other things) enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the j if ices, at every quarter Jefiio ns of the peace for any county, riding, liberty, or division, in England or Wales, to appoint certain persons to examine the weights and balances within their refbeChve cliJlriCls, and that the persons so appointed should-, once in every month at the leaf, examine such weights and balances^ and the persons in whfie possession any false weights or balances should be found, were subjeCled to a penalty, rot exceeding twenty shillings, nor leys than five shillings, to be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, and be applied by him for the purposes therein particularly dejeribed: and whereas the said a Cl might be mori conveniently executed, ffome of the power, thereof were vefied in the jufnes of the peace at their fevered and respective petty sessions and

494 Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 143. [1796.

it is expedient that certain other alterations shonld be made in the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the So much of authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of re^uf^s the S one t^ou^an(^ seven hundred and ninety-seven, so much of justices at the said recited act as requires the justices, at the quarter sessions quarter fef- of the peace, to appoint persons to examine the weights and balances

lions to ap- within their respective counties, ridings, liberties, and divisions, to^xamiiie11S an<^ W*1C^ aL, thorifes the persons so appointed to search for and exweights, &c. amine all weights and balances, and to seize and destroy false or repealed, and unequal weights or balances, and imposes a penalty on the per-ju ft ices at fons in whose possession the same shall be found, shall be and is

section^ma hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for

appointTuch the justices of the peace, at their respective petty sessions, within examiners. the divisions, districts, and other places of the several counties in England and Wales, to appoint one or more person or persons, who shall have ppwer to examine the weights and balances, within such divisions, districts, and other places respectively.

Examiners,

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful b^the^ftkes^ to anc^or^Person or persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, to viftt (hops/ an^ they are hereby required (having first: been sworn duly and See, and seize faithfully to execute the office in him or them reposed by virtue false weights, of such appointment, and of this act (which oath such justices are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), as often as the said justices shall direct, in the day time, to enter into the (hop, mill, house, outhouses, and other premises near to such shop, mill, or house, and into the stall or standing place of any person or persons who fell by retail and weight any wares, provisions, goods, or chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine all weights and balances in such (hop, mill, house, outhouses, premises, stall, or standing place, and to seize any weight or weights, not being according to the standard in the exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances, which shall, upon such search, be found therein, and to detain the same, to be produced before the justices in petty sessions as aforesaid, upon the hearing of the information or informations herein after mentioned; and the person or persons, in whose shop, mill, house, outhouses, premises, stall, or -standing place, any such defective

weight*, c. or weights, or any such false or unequal balance or ba-

lances, shall be found (against whom for such offence or offences an information or informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) shall, upon conviction thereof in petty sessions as aforesaid, upon view or confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum of money not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings, as the said justices, before whom such person or persons shall have been convicted, shall in their discretion order and adjudge, together with the costs and charges attending such conviction; such forfeiture, together with such costs and charges,

Penalty for having false

495

to be levied by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, by distress and sale of so much of the goods and chattels of the person or persons offending, as shall be sufficient to pay the said penalty, and also the expences of making such distress and sale.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the conviction of such Justices to offender or offenders, the said justices shall rause such defective

weight or weights, or such false or unequal balance or balances, to be broken* so prodaced before them, to be forthwith broken and rendered and the pro-tifeless, and the materials thereof to be sold, and the money arif- duce of the ing from such sale, together with the amount of the forfeiture or {^forfeitures forfeitures, to be paid by them to the treasurer of such county, to^pa-l(j ta riding, or division, to be by him applied towards the expences of the county carrying the said recited act and this act into execution, and the treasurer, residue (if any) on account of the publick flock of such county, riding, or division; and the said justices shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, returns of the forfeitures levied by them in pursuance of the said before recited act, and of this act., and also of the sums arising from the sale of such defective weights, and false and unequal balances, and shall transmit such returns, signed by them, to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or division, respectively, at every general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for such county, riding, or division.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the If the majority majority of the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, of inhabitants within such county, riding, or division, should be desirous that personS1houId any person or persons shall be specially -appointed to examine the be specially weights and balances within such parish, township, or place, it appointed shall and may be lawful for such inhabitants, and they are hereby examiners, ^empowered (at a vestry to be duly holden for that purpose) to vestr^nomf-irominate one or more substantial householder or householders, to nate them for be approved of and appointed by the said justices, at their re-approbation spective petty sessions for the division or district wherein such of the justices. parish, township, or place, shall lie; which person or persons so nominated, approved, and appointed, shall have the same powers

and authorities, within -such parish, township, or place, as are vested in the person or persons appointed for any district, division, or place respectively.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no appoint- But no such ment for such parish, township, or place, shall be made, until the appointment inhabitants thereof have procured, or caused to be procured, the proper weights, according to the standard in the exchequer, for bitants have" the use of such parish, township, or place, to be deposited in the procured custody of the person or persons to be appointed as last-men- standard tioned; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, in their respective petty sessions, to order and direct the coils and and heTe-0*charges of procuring such weights, and the recompence and compence to satisfaction to be allowed to such person or persons, for his or the examin-their time and trouble in the execution of such of Hce, within such of parish, township, or place, to be paid out of the rate made for poor's rates# the relief of the poor, within such parish, township, or place.

49 6

Powers of recited act (except hereby altered) to remain in force

Proceedings not to be removed.

Justices to cause convictions to be made out in the following

form.

[Publick act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the clauses, powers, and provisions contained in the said recited act (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall continue in force, in the same manner, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against the said recited act, or this act, shall be removed by writ of Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis5 (that is to say),

c BE it remembered, That on the.day of JD in the year of our Lord at a petty fe(Hons holden

for the [division or district] of in the said [county,

riding, or division,] before A.B. and C.D. justices of the peace, acting in and for the said E> F. of

in the said was duly convicted before us the said justices,

for that he the said E. F. on the day of

now last past, at in the said contrary to

the form of the statute in that case made and provided, [here state the offence against the act]; and We the said justices do declare and adjudge, that the said F % F. hath forfeited the sum of

of lawful money of Great Britain for the offence aforesaid, to be applied as the law directs; and also, the further sum of of like lawful money, for the reasonable costs and charges attending this conviction.

Given under our hands and seals on the day and in the year first mentioned.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without the same being specially pleaded or let forth.

CAP. CXLIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[July 20, 1797.]

a, oooo, ooool. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which may be raised by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered, and paid in course. No fee to be taken for regift vring, ftc. on penalty of treble value and costs,

jy

1796.] Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 144.

and also loss of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date, brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referred to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present session; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance 2, 000, ooool. on the credit of this atft. 42o, ocol. overplus of grants for 1796, may be issued towards the supply. Monies raised by the malt duties; land tax; annuities; further aunuities; further annuities; lottery; exchequer bills; 420, 000l. overplus of grants; 2, 000, ooool. out of consolidated fund (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to be applied to the uses hereafter expressed. 85633, 6731. is. 7d. for naval services for 1797. 5, 000, 000b for discharging the navy debt. 1, 009, 024b 9s. 2d. for land service of the ordnance for

1797. 114, 553b 19s. 9d. for do in 1795. 74, 830b 3d. for lea service of

do in 1795. 425, 366b 10s. 6d. for land service of do in 1796. 16, ooool.

for additional pay, &c. to the non-commissioned officers and privates of the artillery and military artificers. 3, 281]. 11s. 4d. for additional pay to officers of the artillery and engineers, to Dec. 31, 1797. 8o, ooool. for the portion of the princess royal. 1, 500, 000. for loan to Ireland. $00, ooool. 200, 000b and 920, 000b for loan to the emperor. 15, 488, 089b 2s. iod. for land forces in 1797, viz. 1, 505, 905b is. for 60, 765 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, 1, 411, 231b 19s. 3d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Corsica, Cape of Good Hope and New South Wales. 42, 096b 9s. 9d. for difference between British and Irish pay of fix regiments abroad. 13, 335b i3s. for recruiting regiments in East India. 360, 000b for recruiting, contingencies, &c. 94, 195b 14s. for general, ftass, andhospital officers in Great Britain, See. 950, 441b 3s. 6d. for militia and fencible infantry, and 210, cool, for their contingencies. 112, 811b for militia cloathing. 397, 734b 4s. 2d. for fencible cavalry, and 95, 000b for allowances and extra feed to do. 70, 000b for horse furniture and cloathing to augmentations of the forces in 1796. 7, 500b for allowances to reduced officers of the British American forces, and 52, 500b on account of them. 125b 3s. 4d. for reduced and superannuated gentlemen of the horse guards. 118.874b 16s. 8d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 180, ooool. for quartering soldiers. 136, 675b 14s. 3d. for supernumerary officers. 1000b lor officers late in the service of the states general. 136, 7791.17s. 3d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war. See. 177, 000b for pay and cloathing of militia. 147, 165b 10s. 1 id. for Chelsea hospital. 11, 602b 7s. 3d. for widows pensions. 224, 000b for additional pay to nomcommissioned officers and privates of the land forces. 288, 000b outstanding demands for the barrack department. 449, 000b for forage and other expences of do. 60, cool, for allowances to subalterns, See. of the land forces. 381, 637b 17s. for foreign corps. 30, 000b for volunteer cavalry. 3, 280, 5131 13s. 2d. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1795, to Dec. 6, 1796. 106, 962b 13s.

4d. for do, from Dec. 7, to Dec. 24, 1796. 438, 000b for do prevous to

Jan. 5, .1797. 4,000,000b for extraordinaries of the army for 1797.

1, no, ooool. for discharging exchequer bills made out under 36 Geo. 3. c. 31. 500, 000b for the queen of Portugal. 28, 263b is. 6d. issued pursuant to add re fifes of the house of commons. 7, 000b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada. 5, 915b for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia. 4, 550b for the civil establishment of New Brunswick. 1, 900b for the civil establishment of the island of St. John in America, 1, 840b for the civil establishment of the island of Cape Breton in America. 1, 232b 10s. for the civil establishment of the island of Newfoundland. 4, 100b for the civil establishment of the Bahama islands. 580b for the chief justice of the Bermudas or Somers islands. 6cob for the chief justice of the island of Dominica. 5, 523b 10s. for the civil establishment of New South Wales. 13, 000b for forts in Africa. 11, 500b for American iufferers. 71, 431b 5s. 1 id. 3q. for his Majesty's service abroad. 140, 090b for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 681b 16s, 3d, for fixtures at the house

Anno regni tricesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 144, [1796.

of the speaker of the house of commons. 869k 19s. for index to the lord's journal. 9, 1861. as. 4d. to Duncan Campbell esq; for convicts on the river Thames. 13, 4921. as. nd. to James Bradley esq; for convicts in Langftone and Portsmouth harbours. 51, 6821. 17s. 6d. for part of orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the relief of American sufferers. 6oo, ooool. for persons connected with the islands of Grenada and St. Vincents. 1, 054, ©col. to repay advances of the bank on the consolidated fund for 1795. 1, 370, 0001. to pay exchequer bills issued on credit of the

consolidated fund for 1796. 2, 177,000l. to make good the sum charged on the consolidated fund by an act of the last session of parliament. 3t, oooo1. for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 3*0331 4s. to Duncan Campbell esq; for convicts on the river Thames. 9, 628l. 12s. 6d. to James Bradley esq; for convicts in Langftone and Portsmouth harbours. 4, 515k 8s. id. 3q. for repairs of the fleet prison. 5, 672k 3s. 3d. iq. for repairs of the king's bench prison. 1, 461k 15s. 6d. for prosecution of coiners. 2, 806k 8s. for expences in prosecution of Warren Hastings esq. 69.3k 15s. for the chief justice of Newfoundland. 31, 825k 14s. id. for the settlementat New South Wales. 1, 740k 9s. for expences on account of the alien act. 1, 345k 19s. 3d. for his Majesty's

service abroad. 3,000k for the board of agriculture. i, 8ool. for prosecutions relating to the coin. 32,000k for employing convicts at home. 7, ooool for printing journals of the house of commons, &c, 2,000k for

Superintendance of the alien act. 30, 000k for thefettlement at New South Wales. 46, 120k for relief of American sufferers. 1, 650, 000k to pay bills on the treasury. 833, 000k to pay off exchequer bills under land tax and malt acts in 1796. 180, 000k for relief of refugee clergy and laity of

France. 150, cook for secret service abroad. 200, 000k towards the reduction of the national debt. 1, 500k for the veterinary college. 4, 5ool. for roads and bridges in North Britain. 38, 454k 14s. 3d. 3q. awarded Under the American treaty. Supplies not to be issued for any other than the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay, by 36 Geo. 3. c. 126. 118, 873k 18s. 6d.

was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1796, the overplus of which may be disposed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall direct. Duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, See. loft, may be made out on affidavits being made before the barons of the exchequer.

[INDEX REMOVED.]

