THE

Statutes at fcarge,

Anno vicejimo fecundo Georgii III. Regis,

Being the SECOND Seflion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

I

VOL. XXXIV. PART I.

Digitized by Google

%	^	.<u a. .. w

^	THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

t

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.	i

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq*

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNI VERSITYj

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1782.

CUM PRIFILEGIO.

Digitized by v^ooQle

	A	
T	A 6 L	E
	O F T H E	
S T	A t U T	E S

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Patted Anna vicejimo

GEORGII ill; Regis*

Being the Second Seffion of the Fifteenth Parliament of

Great Britain* . . .

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap.i. TjpOR further continuing an aft, made in the feven* J?. teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majcftv, intituled, An aft to impowet his Majejiy to fecure and detain perfons charged iVitb, or fufpefled of the crime of high treafok, committed in an) of his Afaiejifs colonies or plantations in America, or on the high ftaty or the crime of piracy.	*

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to His Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 3; For continuing ahd granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eignty-two.

Cap. 4, For punifhing mutiny and defenion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while oh (hore*

Cap. 6. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom com* plete, during the time therein mentioned.

Vol. XXXIV.	a	C*P«

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' Cap. 7. For further continuing an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation oj fine organzined Italian thrown filk in any Ihips or vef-felt, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. For raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftablifhing a lottery.

Cap. n. For redifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the eommiflioners appointed, by an ad made in the lad feflion of parliament, to put in execution an ad made in the fame feflion, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tat, to be raifed in Great Britainyfor the fervice of the year ofte thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty-one\ and for appointing other commif-fioners, together with thofe named in the firft-mentioned a<5t, to put in execution an ad of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land taxy to be raifed in Great Britain, jor the Jervice of the year one thoufand fiven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 10. For the better detaining, and more eafy exchange of American prifoners brought into Great Brituin.

Cap. 11. For allowing further time to negociate, by indorfe-ment, the bonds, iflued in pursuance of an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for more ejfeftually carrying into execution certain propofaU made by the moft noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the moft nobU Charles duke of Queeniberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the annuities granted by the company of the bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Cap. For making compenfation to the proprietors of certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchafed in purfuanceoftwo ads of parliament, one made in the twentieth year of the reiga of his prefent Majefty, for better fecuring his Maje/lfs docks,/hips, and floresy at Plymouth and Sheernefs; and for better defending the pajfage of the river Thames at Gravefend and Tilbury Fort j and the other in the twenty-firft year of his prcfent Majefty’s reign, for explaining and amending fo much of the faid aft as relate* to the Jecurity of his Majejly* s docks yJbipsy andfores > at Plymouth^ and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at qr near Ply-mouthy who have fuftained any lofs or damage in- consequence of the faid ads.

Cap. 13. To continue feveral laws therein mentioned* relating to the tetter encouragement of the making of fail doth ir* Great Britain \ to the encouragement of the filk manufactures ; and for taking off feveral duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed, written, and printed.in Great Bti~ tain i to fecuring the duties upon foreigrt-madq fait doth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty; to the allowing * bounty on the exportation of Bruijb corn and grain in neutral

Slips ;

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

fSipsj to the allowing the exportation of provifibns, goods* / wares, and merchandizes, to certain places in North America, j which are or may be under the protection of his Majefty's arms, 1 and from fuch places to Great Britain, and other parts of his I Majefty’s dominions; to the impowering his Miqeftyto pra- 1 hibit the exportation, and retrain the carrying coaftwifc, of copper in bars, or copper in (beets; and to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other article*, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America.

Cap. 14. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an ad, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty,/*r making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcefterfhire canal at or near Srourton, in the county 0/Stafford; and alfo two collateral cuts therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For the relief of naval officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, with refpeCt to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Cap. t6. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s fhips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and veflek.

Cap. 17. To repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham\ Leather-head, and Godaiming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 18. For continuing the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb part of a bennyferling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, braved for Jate, or vended, within thi town and pirf/b of Dalkeith.

Cap. 19. For granting an additional bounty on (hips employed in the Greenland and while fimery; for a limited time.

Cap. io. Torevive and’furthet* continue an aft, made in the fevemh year of the reietl of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An Off to dijcontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable Upon the im+ partation ef tallow, begs* lard, and greafe.

Cap. at. To extend fd much of two a<3$; of the twentieth and twentv-firft years df his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relate to the fate of, and afcertainiilg the duties upon, Eajl India goods, to tea; and all other gdods of the growth, product, or manufacture oif China; or ahy country within the limits of the Eajl India company’s charter, which have been, dr (hall, during the prefent hdftilities, be brdught into this kingdom, and condemned as prize? for equalising the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign fnuff into this kingdom; and for preventing, the importation and running of foreign fpirituous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in? itBAs fitted out and armed as privateers.

Cap; 2a. For better (ecuring the duties payable, by virtae^f an aft of the fifth year of the feign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coats, culm, and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth* in the county of Norfolk*

n	Cap#

Digitized by L,ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Ctp. 23. For allowing farther time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant pur-chafers.

Cap. 24. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 25. To prohibit the ranfomine of (hips or veflels captured from his Majeftv’s fubjefts, and of the merchandize or goods on board fuch (nips or veflels.

Cap. 26. For providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his Majefty’s fervice in the defence of the iflana of Minorca, and expelled to arrive foon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 27. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the city of Rocbefler, and the parilhes of Stroody Frindfbury, Cobkam, Shorney Highamy Cliffy Cooling, High Hal-fowy Chalk, Hooy Burhamy Wouldham, Hailing, CuxJloney Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheernefs, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 28. For granting an additional duty upon tobacco and fnuff; and for repealing certain duties payable upon the import tation of brandy and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 29. For further continuing an aft, made in the twen-tieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a& for exempting the city of Winchefter, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrew(bury, and the county of Salop, out of the provi-fans of an afty made in the eighth year of the reign of hit late ma~ jejly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the quartering of foldiers during the time of the eleftions of members to ferve in parliament 5 fo far at the fame relatet to the removal of troops during the eleftions of membert to ferve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. For allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, or manufafture, of the iflands of Saint CbriJlopher% Nevis, and Montferraty into any ports of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe or America, upon payment of the Britijh plantation duties.

Cap. 31. For the preventing of bribery and corruption in the eleftion of members to ferve in parliament for the borough of Criciladey in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 32. To revive and continue an aft, parted in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the loading of Jhipt with coals in the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland.

Cap. 33. For charging a ftamp-duty upon inland bills of exchange, promiflory notes, or other notes payable otherwife than upon demand.

: Cap. 34. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or ex-^ chequer bills, for the fervicc of the year one thoufand feven %	_	hundred

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES, hundred and eighty-two; and for confolidating certain atottii-ties, which were made one joint dock by an a<ft made in the thirty- firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, with certain annuities confolidated by feveral ads, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-firft, thirty-fccond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and feveral fubfequent ads.

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middle-fex; and for providing a proper workhoufe and burial ground for the ufe of the faid parilh; and for opening certain communications, and making certain ftreets, within the faid parifh.

Cap. 36. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fevea hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 37. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmaU debts within the parifhes of Brofeley, Bcnthall, Madefy Barrow, Linfy Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochia] place called Pofnally in the county of Salop.

Cap. 38. To permit the importation of Britijh plantation tobacco from any port or place either in America, or the Weft fa* dies, or in Europe, during the prefent hoftilities.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epfom falts, and alfo on mineral alkali or flux for glafs, made from fait; and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul lair, to be ufed in manuring of lands.

Cap. 40. For punifhing perfons wilfully and malicioufly de-ftroying any woollen, filk, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for, or ufed in the manufacture thereof $ and for repealing fo much of two ads^made in the twelfth year of King George the Firft, and in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the puniftiment of perfons deftroying any woollen or Glk manufactures, or any implements prepared for, or ufed therein.

Cap, 41. For better fecuring the freedom of elections of members to ferve in parliament, by difabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majefty’s revenues, from giving their votes at fuch elections.

Cap. 42. For building a ftone bridge crofs the river of ThameSy from the parilh of Ealingy in the county of Middlefex^ to the oppofitc Ihore in the hamlet of KeWy in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 43. For making a partage for carriages from Spitalfields to BiJhopfgote-Jlreety in the county of MiddleJeXy and for paving the fame; and for appropriating to tbofe purpofes the money arifen by virtue of an aCt, parted in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for applying the fum of nine thoufand pounds, to arife out of the orphans’ fund, for making fuch partage.

Cap. 44. For amending the pavement in, and for lighting fome of the ftreets, lanes, ways, and places, in the pariihes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelijly in Wejtminjler%

a 3	which

Digitized by foozle

A TABUE of the STATUTES.

*	•	'i

arc at prefent excluded from the provifions of an paffed in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft to amend and render, more effectual feveral afts made relating to, paving, deanfmg, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and ether «jplaces, within the city and liberty of WeftiJiinfter, and farts adjacent •/) and for preventing nuifances and annoyances in or near the fame; and for making an opening from Orchard Street, and widening feme part of Wood Street, and of Little Peter Street.

Cap. 45. For reftraining any perfon concerned in any con-itraft, commifiion, or agreement, made for the publick fer vice, from being elected, or* fitting and voting as a member of the houfeof commons.

- Cap. 46. To enable his Majefty to conclude a peace or trace with certain colonies .in ;North America therein mentioned.

Cap. 47. For licenfing lottery office keepers, and regulating 4he Tale of lottery tideets.

Cap. 48. For charging a duty on peelbns whofe property (haH fce infured againft Ids hy fire.

Cap. 49. To reftify a tniftake in an ad of this fefltep of parliament,with refpeft to preventing the importation and running of tea into this kingdom, in armed veffels having letters of marque, or other commiflions from the admiralty.

Cap. 50. For further continuing an ad, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefem Majetty, intituled, An aft far appointing and enabling cammiffimers to examine, fate, ami Jlatt the publick accounts of the kingdom; and to report wbat balances are in the hands of accountantsx which may be applied to the publick ftr-viu\ and what deft fts there are in 'the prefent mode of receiving, tullefling, ijfuing, and accounting for pubtici money 5 and in what iaore expeditious and effectual, and lefs expen five manner, the faidfer-vices can in future be regulated and carried en for the benefit of the publick.

Cap. 51. To difeharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to die Eafi Indies, from all damage, interefts, and Ioffes, in refpeft to their having made default in certain payments due to the publick, on fuch payments being made at a future ftipuiated time ; and to enable the laid Company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their flock for the prefent year.

^ Cap. 52. For preventing the flaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom.

Cap. 53. To repeal an aft, made in the lixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firtt, intituled. An aft for the better fecuring the dependency of the kingdom ^Ireland upon the crown ofGreat Britain.

. Cap. 54. For reftraining fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Pfter Perringtiquire, from going out of this kfngdom, for a limited time* and for difeovering their eftates and effefts, and preventing the tranfporting or alienating the fame.

Cap. 55. To indemnify fuch perlons as have omitted to «qua-‘	•	'	lift

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Wy thedrfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter of deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purports; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and fdicitors.

Cap. c6. More efie&ualiy to enable the inhabitants of the psriftt of Saint Labi* in the county of Middlefexy to purchafe, hire, or ered, a worfchoufe, within or near the faid parifh, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the faid parilh.

Cap. 57* For building a new bridge, inftead of the prefent ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaftor Bridge, at a more convenient place over the river Lojney near the town of La*~ cq/kry in the county palatine of Lamafter.

Cap. 58. For the more eafy difeovery and effe&ual puntth-merit of buyers and receivers of ftolen goods*

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament,/^ infixing certain fains and penalties onfir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring tfquiroy for certain broaches of puhkck trufty and high crimes and mifdemeanorsy committed by them whiljl they rtfpefiively held the offices of governor and pnfiident, counfellersy and members of the feleft committee of the fet-dement tf Fort Saiot George, on the coafl of Coromandel, 14 the Eaft Indies, (hall not be difeominued by any prorogation or dif-fohition of the parliament.

Cap. 60. To prevent the (educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing callicoes, cottons, muffins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements ufed in that manufa&ory, to go to parts beyond the Teas 5 and to prohibit the exporting to foreign parts of any fuch blocks, plates9 or other implements.

Cip.61. For granting an additional duty upon white or ma« \ nufadured bees wax imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend fo much of an a&, made in tbe fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for railing and training the militia, as relates to perfons paying the fum of ten pounds being liable to ferve again in the militia at the expiration of three years 5 and alfo to oblige fubftitutes to make oath refpeding their place of fectlesnent.

Cap. 63. To repeal fo much of an a<3, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual difarming tbe Highlands in Scotland, and for the other pvrpofes therein men-timed )y as reftrains the ufe of tne highland chefs.

Cap. 64. Fpr the amending and rendering ntqre effc&ual the laws in being relative to houfes of cqfrc3ion,

34	Cap*

Digitized by LaOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 65. To enable the moft noble Henry duke of Newtojlle.9 his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to open a ftreet from the Strand, at or near the eaft end of the Hew Churchy to the. fouth end of Stanhope Street in the parifh of Saint Clement Danes, within the city, and liberty of JVejiminJler; and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforefaid, and fVylde Street in the parifh of Saint Giles in the Fields in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the re-fpeftive commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies there± in mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; and for further appropriating the (up-plies granted in this fefiion of parliament.

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties payable for bepr and ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife; and hot exceeding eleven (hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for grafting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and alfo additional duties on fope made in Great. Britainy and upon the produce of the faid additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife; and alfo for appointing the number of commiflioners of excife who may hear caufes depending before them relative to the duties on male Servants.

Cap. 60. For compelling John Whitehill elquire to return into this Kingdom; and for refiraining him, in cafe of his return, from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and for difeovering his eftate and effects, and preventing the tranf-porting or alienating of the fame.

Cap. 70. To enable the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces, and the fecretary to the comjnandpr in chief of his Ma-jefty's forces, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of portage.

Cap. 71. More effectually to prevent his Majefty’s enemies from being fupplied with (hips or veflels from Great Britain.

Cap. 72. For continuing fo much of an a£t of the fixth year of,his prefent Majefty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought filks and velvets.

Cap. 77. To explain an a6t made in the twelfth year of the feign of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft for prohibiting the plantingy fettingy or Jewing of tobacco in England 0^ Ireland), and to permit the ufe and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland into Englandy for a limited time, under certain reftriClions.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings of commiflioners, or other perfons for putting in execution certain a<5ts of this fdfion of parliament.

Cap.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

i	Cap, 75. To prevent the granting in future any patent office I to be exercifed in any colony or plantation now, or at any time j ; hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer j 1 term than during luch time as the grantee thereof, or perlon ■ appointed thereto, (hall difeharge the duty thereof in perfon, \ and behave well therein.

Cap. 76. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, tor the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 77. To render valid and effectual certain articles pf agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of Louden, governors of the poiTeffions, revenues, and goods, of the hofpitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Cbrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apojlle, and of the hofpitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The Houfe tf the Poor, in JVeJl Smithfield, near London, and of the houfe i and hofpital called Betbelem, and the prefidents, treafurers, apd afting governors, of the faid feveral hofpitals.

Cap. 78. To permit drugs, the product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Aujlrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the fingle duty; to allow the im-l portation of Hungary or German winefs, and organzined thrown I fi!k, from the Aujhian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in (hips the property of fubje&s under the fame fo-1 vereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

), Gap. 79. For the encouragement and difeiplining of fuch \ corps or companies of men as (hall voluntarily enrol! themfelves for defence of their towns or coafts, or for the general defence pf the kingdom, during the prefent war.

Cap. 8o». To veft ceftain 'mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truftees, for the better fecuring his Majefty’s ddpks, (hips, and (tores, at Portfmouth and Chatham.

Cap. 81, For the better regulation of the office of pay matter

31 of his Majefty’s forces.

. 82. For enabling his Majefty to difeharge the debt con-upon his civil lift revenues 5 and /or preventing the fcme from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the (node of payments out of the faid revenues, and by fuppreffin^ or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil lift.

Cap. 83. For the better relief and employment of the poor. Cap. 84. For better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, part of the pariftv of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Mtddlefex, and fuch part of Old Bond Street as lies within the pari(h of Saint James, in the faid county; and for removing and preventing nuilances and annoyances therein.

1 Cap. 85. For the improvement of Portman Square, within the parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middkfex.

Cap. 86. For explaining and amending two a£ts, one made, in the eleventh, and the other in the feventeenth year of his '	'	prefent

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

prerent Majefty, for paving certain ftreets in the parishes of Stint John of IVappingy and Saint George in the county of Mid-dlefex, and for other purpofesj and for extending the provisions of the faid a£s to other parts of the faid parifhes, and alto for opening certain communications within the faid parifh of Saint George.

Cap. 87. For paving and freeing from nuifances and annoy* ances, the feveral ftreets, ways, and places, within the parifh of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlefexy and Queen-jireet and Londcn-Jireet, in the hamlet of Ratcliffcy within the faid parifh $ and for making ways or ftreets into the ftreet called Rijbys Rope-groundy and through or acrofg Shoulder of Mutton Alky* and a ftreet called Ropemaker's fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the faid ftreet called Rifby's Rope-ground into Three Colt Street aforefaid.

Cap. 88. To continue the term of an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the rejgn of hie late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Prefton to Lancafter, and from thence to a place called Heiring-fyke, that divides the counties of Lancafter and Wcftmorland.

Cap. 89. For extending the provifion* of an a<5t, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for more effectually amending feveral roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parijh fl/'Kenwyn, to Calleftock Burrow, and from The T wo Burrows, in the /aid parijhy to Perran almjhoufty and from The Three Burrows, in the faid parijhy to Saint Agnes almjhoufe, in the faid county.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of ana&, petted in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Crofs, in the parifh qf Leven, in Holdernefs, in the eajl riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the faid county.

Cap. 91. To confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agreement entered into between the right honourable James earl of Sdifburyy and the truftees appointed by and under feveral acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chaety in the parifh of South MimSy in the county pf MiddUftXy to Ltmnsford Mill* in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the faid road, in the manner mentioned in the faid agreement.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an a£t, made in the thirty-third year of hi$ late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading to the town of Oak* hampron, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 93. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an a(5l, made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An atl for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatberley Moor, in the county ofYot\L* to btaindrop, in the county of Durham ; and from the faid turnpike road near Smallways, acrofs tbs river Tecs* to Winfton, in the

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fsH county if Durham; and for building a bridge ever the fend river fit or near Winfton Ford.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing ar.d widening the roads from a place calledLi tt legate, at the top of Lcadcn-hatn HHI, in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide-poft at the divifion 0/Kelham and Muflcam lanes to Mansfield, and from South well to Oxton, in the county oj Nottingham ; and for repairing the road from the weft fide of Newark Bridge to the faid guide-poft.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft of the fecond year of his prefent Majefty, far amending and widening the road from the market-hufe in Stourbridge to ColJy Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentionfd, in the counties of Worcefter, Stafford, and Salop, fo far as the fame relates to the roads leading from the market-hoafe in 8tourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pcdmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefozven; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

Cap. 96. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, of the firft year of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordfley Green Gate; and from the wlft end of Bilfton Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, oppoftte The Old Bufh, in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt Tree, near, Dudley to Birmingham ; and from The Market Crofs in Wolverhampton, Cannock; in the counties tf/1 Stafford, Worcefter, end Warwick.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for amending cmd widening the road from Bawrry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the fouth fide cf Wertley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchcfter, fo tar as the fame related to the road leading from Bawtry aforefaid to Tinjlfy* and through part of the town of TinJUy, to the place where the fame joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering the powers of an aft of the firft year of his prefent Majefty, for amending the road from Dartford to Northflect, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent\ and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls arifing upon the faid roads, to the truflees for the care of the road leading from Rockcjler to Maid-pne> in the faid county, to be applied for the purpofes theiein mentioned.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, inritulcd. An aft for re-faring and widening fevered roads leading to and through the hret/gb

•	"	.	of

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

f/'Tam worth, and other roads therein mentioned\ in the counties oj Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

Cap. ioo. For amending and keeping in repair the roads Jeading from the Willerjley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Fields to the turnpike read at Broad Heath; and from the turnpike road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at Gren-don Greeny in the counties of tierejord and fVorcefter.

Cap. ioi. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchefter, in the county of Dorfet; and for repairing the road leading from the parifh of Warmwelly through the parifhes of Poxwell and OJmington, to the church in the faid parifh of OJmington» in the faid county of Dorfet,

Cap. 102. For continuing the term of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent majefty, for amending and widening the road leading from the high poji road near the town ^/Taverfham, Bacon's Water, through Afhford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent; and from Bacon’s Water, to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

Cap. 103. For reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an aft of the thirtieth year of his late majefty. Intituled, An aft for amendingy wideningy and keeping in repairy fevered roads in and near to the town tf/'Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcefter, and Hereford; and for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Glee Hilly leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road leading from Bromyard to Tenburyy in the faid counties.

Cap. 104. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Hale worthy, in the pari/b of David ftow, in the county of Cornwall, to the eajl end of Wadebridge, in the faid county; and from the weft end of Wadebridge ajorefaidy into and through the borough 0/Mitchell, in the faid county*

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Wrexkamy in the county of Denbigh, to Barn billy in the county of Chefter.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from Tar-porleyy in the county palatine pf Cbeftery to Afton Bridgey near lVeverbam% in the fame county.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma-j[efty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the high road leading from Afhborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon

il	Rufhton

•

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Rafhton Common, to Congleton, in the county vf Chefterand f clfo the road leading from Blyth Marfh, in the county ^Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road,

1 frm Afhborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the diftrift of road between AJhbome and Congleton; and for repairing the road from the end of Afhborne Church yard to the top of The Dig Street, in Ajhborne afore fa id.

Cap. 108. To enlarge the term and powers of an a A, pa (Ted in the thirty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon to the parifh of Brobury, and to Whitney Paflage, in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bred warding Paflage, in the fame county \ fo far as relates to fuch of the roads comprized in the faid aft as lie in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 109. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pafled in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and winning the road from the turnpike road alt Wey Hill, in the county 1/Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county #/WiJts.

Cap. no. To continue the term and alter the powers of aa aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre efquire, in the parifh of White Parifli, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romfey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town 0/Southampton.

Cap. in. For enlarging the term and powers of an aftt made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Weftmorland, through the tvwn/hip of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the town of K\i\>y Steven, to the town of Market Brough, in the faid county.

Cap. 112. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called The Hardwickey in the parifh of Clifford^ to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 113. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in the county of Brecon; and alfo the road through Marifh Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the fame county.

Cap. 114. To repeal fo much of an aft, pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of SufTex, through Highgate, tn the county of Kent, and the parijhet fl/'Sandhurft,

Newenden, itized by Goc •;

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Me winder), and Northiam* to Rye, in the faid coknty of Suffer J and from Highgate aforefati, to Cooper's Corner, in the /aid county of SufTex, and to Tubb’s Lake, in the fond county of Kent; as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake, and for enlarging the term and powers of the faid aft with refpeft to the other roads therein contained.

Cap. 115. To* enlarge the term and powers of feveral atfs parted in the eleventh, twenty-fixth, and tweflty-nirtth years of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crofs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlcfex;

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of two afts, paff-ed in the fecond and eleventh years of his prefent MajeftyY reign, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Blyth Marjb to the road leading from jlfbborne to Buxton, near 7horp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from ‘the fame road to the road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

PRIVATE A GTS.

I.	A N aft for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman Diederick

jf\ Retberg.

2.	An aft for allotting part of Minfierworth Ham, irl the pa* ri(h of Minfierworth, in the county of Gloucefier^ to Charles Barrow efquire, his heirs and afligns, in lieu of life common rights thereupon$ and for allowing exchanges within the faid ,pari(h.

3.	An aft for naturalizing John Claudius Billet.

4.	An aft for naturalizing Charles Frederick Sckmolh

5.	An aft for naturalizing Frederick Tfcbiffeli.

6.	An aft for dividing and iriclofing a certain part of th^ foreft of Mendip, and a piece of wafte land called tVindfor's Hill, fituate within the parifti of Sheptoh Mallet, irt the county of Somerfeu

7.	An aft for veiling divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Hertford* late the eftate of John lord Mohfon, deceafed, in trurt;ees, to be fold, and difpofed of in and for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies and portions given by life will and codicil, and for other purpofes tbere-i in mentioned.

8.	An aft for dividing* inclofing, and improving the feveral commons and wafte grounds within the manor of tionley* irt the parifh of Almondbury, in the county of York, and for abo-lifhing or fettling certain other rights or claims ^within the faid manor.

9* An aft for confirming and carrying irito execution certain agreements entered into by John Pitt efquire* furveyor gef

neral

Digitized by CiOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fiend of bis Majefty’s woods and forefts, with Benjamin Planner3 and others, relating to certain wade lands and other lands, in the parifli of Egbam% in the county of Surrey, and for .vefting the fame in the faid John Piity and his heirs, in truft for hia Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and to effectuate the other purpofes therein mentioned.

10.	An aft for difcharging part of the fettled eftates of John hrriige Cholwich efquire, in the county of Devon, from the ufes and trufts of his marriage fettlemenr, and for fettling other eftates in the faid county, in lieu thereof.

11.	An aft for difeharging the manor of Jmley^ otherwife Evtnley, and divers mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in lmley otherwife Evenley aforefaid, and elfewhere in the county of Northampton, part of the eftatc of fir Francis Baf-jti, of Ttbidy Park% in the county of Cornwall, baronet, from the ufes, eftates, and trufts, declared concerning the fame, in and by the laft will and teftament of Francis Bajfet, late of 7>-hiij Park aforefaid, efquire, deceafed, and for iettling another manor and other lands and hereditaments of greater value in lieu thereof to the like ufes.

n. An aft to diffolve the marriage of John Newton efquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

13.	An ad for vefting the freehold and inheritance in fee of part of the eftates heretofore of the right honourable Henrietta Csvcndijb Holies, countefs of Oxford, and countefs Mortimer, deceafed, in truftces, in truft, to fell and difpofe of fo much thereof as may be fufficient to pay off and difeharge the debts, legacies, and other remaining incumbrances affefting the whole of the eftates late of her the faid countefs, which were deviled by her will, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

14.	An act for vefting in truftees a competent part of the fettled eftates of the moft noble Henry duke of Newcaftle, in the parifbes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the purpofe of raifing on mortgage, or otherwife, fuch fume of money as (hall be found expedient to be raifed and applied for making and opening a new ftreet therein mentioned, from the eaft end of the New Church in the Strand, to the fouth end of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all neccfiary cofts, charges, and expences, attending the fame.

1$. An aft for vefting part of the eftates of Robert late earl of HoUerneJfe% deceafed, in the county of Tori, in truftees, (of a term of years, for raifing and payment of the fum of five thoufand pounds* charged by the wiH of the faid earl on his hid eftates.

16.	An aft for fele of an annual fee farm rent of one hundred pounds, payable to the fee of Elyf out of certain eftates in and near Hatton Garden, in the county of Middlefex, and for applying the money to arife from fueh (ale in manner therein mentioned.

17.	An aft for enabling the truftees for fak of part of the

fettled

Digitized by v^ooQie

A TABLE oFthe STATUTES.

fettled eftates of John Newnham efquire, in the counties of tfuft tingdon, Middlefex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, to make an indemnity to the purchafers of certain parts'thereof, againft the perpetual annual futns or payments to which fuch parts are liable.

18.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, paftures, arid commonable and wafh lands, within the manor and parifh of Wtnjlone, in the count} of GlouceJleK

19.	An aft for dividing, and allotting in feveralty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable places, within the pari (Is of Kingjlti1 Deverill, in the county of IVilts.

20.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a carr or common call-ed Thormanby Carr, within the parifh of Thormanby, in the north riding of the county of York.

21.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, paftures and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the townfhip of Bolam, in the parifh of Gain-ford, in the county of Durham.

22.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows* paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor of Galverton, with the weft fide of Stone) Stratford, in the cdunty of Buckingham.

23.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures* commons, and commonable places, in the parifh of Orton on the Hill; in the county of Leiceffir, and the lands within the ring of the faid fields, reputed to belong formerly to the abbey of Merevale.

24.	An aft for dividing, inclofing; and allotting certain moors, commons, or wafte lands, lying and being within the pairfh of JVookey, in the county of Somerfei.

25.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the opeh and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parifh of Great Creaton, in the county of Northampton, and the hamlet of Little Creaton, in the parifh of Spralton, in the faid county.

'	26. An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common field*,

and commonable places, within the parifh of Stanton Saint tin• tin, in the county of Wilts*

27.	An aft for dividing, allotting; arid inclofing; the dper arid common fields, common paftures, common meadows, artt other commoriable lands and grounds of and within the manor! and liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the parifh of Pid dington, in the county of Northampton.

28.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain oper and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, ant common downs, in the hamlet or tything of EaJUngton, other-wife Northieacb Foreign, in the manor of EaJUngton, and parifl of Northieacb, in the county of Gloucejier.

29.	An aft for inclofing and leaung a piece of wafte land

- callci

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

called The Marfa within the parifh and borough of Newcajlle under Lyme, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rates of the faid parifh and borough.

30.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and commonable places, within the lordfhip or liberty of Sandiacre, in the county of Derby.

31.	An ad for confirming a certain piece of ground, part of the common of Norwood, in the parifh of Batcombey in the county of Somerfety to the redor of the faid parifh; and for veiling the fame, together with an additional piece of ground, other part of the faid common, in him and his fucceflors, in lieu of all right of common and tithes belonging to the redory of Bat combey in or within the faid common of Norwood 5 .and for confirming all the feveral other parts of the faid common t? the feveral proprietors thereof, difeharged of all right of common and tithes belonging to the (aid redory.

3a. An ad for veiling the eftates late in jointure to dame Sarah Fowler widow, in truftees, to be fold, conveyed, and fettled, purfuant to a decree of the court of exchequer.

33. An ad for naturalizing Henry Eggers.

Hh End of the TABLE.

b

Vol. XXXIV.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Digitized by Google

A

T	A B	L	E
	O F T H E		
S T	A T U	T	E

PUB L I C K and PRIVAT E,

Paflcd	Amo	v

GEQRGI.I III.

j

i Bring the Third Seffion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap.i.#TN0 permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, X rye, rye flour* barley, and all forts of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of the low duties therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. a. To continue an aft, made in the laft feflibn of parliament, intituled. An aft tpore effeftudlly to prevent his Majejly's enemies from being fupplied with Jhips or vejfels from Great Britain.

C$p. 3. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to beraifed in Great Britain, for the iervice ot the year one thou-hnd feven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 5. For continuing an aft, parted in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for uftreining fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, ffyuire> from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for if Levering their eftates and tffifts, and preventing the tranfporting $r alienating the fame*

y9uXXXlv, - a	Cap*	6.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

•^Cap. 'SC To continue fevcral laws, relating to life regulating the fees of officers of the cuftoms and naval officers in America \ to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majcfly’s fugar colonies in America;

^ to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britijh fugar colonies or plantations in the TVefi India ; arid*1to the repealing the duties upon pot and ptofl aflies, wood and weed aimported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 7. For the regulation rif bis Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 8. For continuing feveral a6ts paffed for thehetter regulate on of laftage and ballaltege in the river Thames.

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, for 1a licfited tim*.

Cap. 10. For further continuing an adt, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prelent Majcfty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown filk in any Jbips or veJJehjfor a limited time.

Cap. 11. To amend art adt, made in thte twenty*ft>urth year Of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the more cffcftual fecuring the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britain in fmall packages; to repeal fuch part of the provifo in an' aft of the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as permits Portugal and Spani/h wines, and other wines, (except French wines) to be imported in fmall cafks for private ufe; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of cocoa nuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof as merchandize.

Cap. 12. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 13. For more effedtually draining and preferving certain lafnds arid ground^ within the level of Hatfield Chace% and parts afffacerit, in the counties of Fork, Lincoln^ and Nottingham.

Gap, 14. For allowing the importation of goods from Europe in neutral (hips into the illands of Saint Ghrijlopher, Nevis, Mcntferrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of goods the produce or manufadture of the faid illands and of Tobago and Saint Lucia9 from thence into this kingdom, in fuch (hips, upon payment of the Britijh plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goods, the produce of thofe iflands, fccured in warehoufes in this kingdom, to he taken out, on payment of the Britijh plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon ; for further continuing certain temporary adts for the encouragement of trade; ana to repeal an act, made in*the twenty-lecond year of his Majefty’s reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint Chriftopher,.JN£vjs, and Montferrar, : into any of his Ittajejlys dominions in Europe *r America.

1	>	r,	e	Cap.^ij.

Digitized by

Google

A tAfcLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 15, For rendering more effectual the provifions con* tiined in an a<5t of the thirteenth year of King George the Firft* t preventing frauds and abufes in 'the dying trade.

Cap. 16. for authorifing the treafurer of |he ndvy td pay to kegarrifon and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty

*	defraying certain Spanifh (hips of war, as is allowed td :i* officers and men on board any of his Majefty’s (hips t war taking or deftroying (hips of war belonging to the nemy.

Cap. if. For pcmUbing mutiny and defertion; and for the etter payment of fhe army and their quarters.

Cap. 18. For rendering the payment of creditors more equal ad expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and or making perpetual fo much of an aft, made in the twelfth ear of his prefcnt Majefty’s reign, as relates to bills and pro* Biffory notes.

Cap. 19. For repealing an aft, made irt the laft feflioft of par* lament, for compelling John IVhitehilleiquire to return into this ingdwn, and for other purpofes; and for veftitig in the faid Ms IVtitebtil his eftate and effe&s forfeited in confequence of He hid aft; and for reftraining him from going out of this mgdom for a limited time; and for difeovering his eftate and ffeds, and preventing the tranfporting or alienating the fame. Cap. 26. For building a new (hire-nail and guildhall for thd santy of Salop, and the town of Sbrowfhtry, in the faid county } iod for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 2r. For granting a bounty upon the exportation ot bitijb and Irijb buckrams and tillettings, Briujb and Irijb liens, Britijb callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen; printed, painted, ftained* or dyed, in Great Britain.

Cap. 2a. For allowing further time for inroilment of deed* nd wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant pur* halers*

Cap. 23. To prevent prifoners in the King's Bench prifon, ot he rales thereof, or their families or fervants, gaining fettle-rats in the parirti of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough

*	&artbwarki ind county of Surrey ; and for the relief of the lidparifh, with refpeft to the families of prifoners in the faid [:rg'< Bench, or the Marjbalfea prifon, or in the county goal* rboafe of cofre&ion belonging to the faid county; for plating the manner of chufingoverfeers of the poor $ and

*	appointing collectors of the poor's rates, within the faid arilh.

Cap. 24* for continuing an aft, made in this feflion of parent, intituled. An aft for punijhing mutiny and defertioH, and v the better payment of the army and their quarters: fo far as the mt relates to the realm of Great Britain.

Cap. 25. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs* rd commonalty, of the company of confervators of the great itwlof ihe fens, to fell their taxes of certain lands within thi addle and Couth levels, part of the faid Great Uvel, which a a	have

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arif ing from fucb fale, towards difcharging the bond debts of tfr faid corporation upon account of thofe levels.

Cap. 26. To repeal fo much of two alts, made in the fix teenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent, Majcfty as prohibits trade and intercourfe with the united dates d America.

Cap. 27. To afcertain and eftablifh the boundaries of between the hofpital of Bridewell and the Precinft thereunto bd longing, and the parifh of Saint Ann Black Friars, in the city ^ London, as therein fpecified.

Cap. 28. Fat removing and preventing all doubts whi< have arifen, or might arife, concerning the exclufive rights the parliament and courts of Ireland, in matters of legiflati< and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or app from any of his Majefty’s courts in that kingdom from beinJ received, heard, and aajudged, in any of his Majefty’s courts a the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For rendering effeftual an aft, made in the fid teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the belli relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Foreboe, i the county 0/* Norfolk.	I

, Cap. 30. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted 1 quality themfelves for offices and employments; and to indeco . nify juftices of the pe^ce, or others, who have omitted to rc giftcr or deliver in their qualifications within the time limit^ by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and [ indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, ar borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to damped according to law, or, having been damped, have loft or miftaid; and for allowing them time to provide a< millions duly damped; and to give further time to fuch fons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the executid of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 31. For better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watcl ing, theftreets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys', and pafiages, with the parifh of Saint Alary, at Rotberhitbe otherwife Redriffe, the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuifal ces and annoyances therein.

Cap. 32. For amending an aft made in the laft feflion | parliament, for the better relief and employment of the poor oft\ parijb of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlefei and for providing a proper workhcufe and burial ground for the 1 of, the faid parijb; and for opening certain communications, a making certain flreets, within the faid parijb.	j

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effeftual feveral a^ pafled in the fixth, tenth, fifteenth, and fixteenth years of t| reign of his prefent Majefty, for making a navigable canal fn the Trent to the Merfey 5 and a branch from the {aid canal to Fro] hall, and a railway Jrotn thence to or near Caldon, in the couti of Stafford.	1

1	Cap.	3

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 34. For removing certain difabilities and incapacities, occafioncd bv the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly efquire.

Cap. 35. For railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftablilhing a lottery.

Cap. 36. To difcharge and indemnify the united company if merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, from afl btnages, intereft, and Ioffes, in refpeA to their not making re-plar payment of certain fums due, and to become due, to the nbiick, and to allow further time for fuch payment; and to ruble the company to borrow a certain fum of money; and 0 make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the providers at Midfummer, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-bree.

Cap. 37. To repeal an a<ft, made in the twentieth year of he reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to continue, for \ limited Time, Jo much of an aft, made in the lajl fejjion of par* ment, ufor tbt more eafy and better recruiting his Majeftfs * lend forces and marinesas relates to the encouragement of volun-ten.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal rom the river Thames or Ifss at or near Leachlade, to join and sommunicate with the Stroudwater canal at Wallbrtdge, near the own of Stroud; and alfo a collateral cut from the faid canal at r near Siddington, to or near the town of Cirencefer, in the ttmties of GkuceJUr and Wilts.

Cap. 39. For preventing certain inftruments from being required from (hips belonging to the United States of America ; md to give to his Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers fcr the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fub-Itdsofhis Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the laid United ftates.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, ind of the doathing for the ferjeants and drummers of the mi-Btia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of M^trcb, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap, 41. For impowering perfons navigating vefTels upon the river Trent, between a place called Widen Ferry, in the counties if Derby and Leicefer, or one of them, and the town of Burton yen Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the fame with Wes.	*

Cap. 42. For better paving, cleanfing and lighting the parifh tf Soint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Weftminjler, 2nd certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifances ana annoyances therein.	rw

Cap. 43. For better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the parifh of Saint Anne, and fuch part of Cock Lane as lies in the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Weft* mtfer-, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

£ap. 44. For amending, and rendering more effectual, an a6t

a $	k	xnado

Digitized by OO^ 1C .

A TAB.LE of the STATUTES.

pnade in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefcnt Majefty, intituled, An a ft for building a workboufe, and'for the better relie) find employment of the poor within the parijb of Saint James Clerk-enwell in the county fl/’Middlefex.

Cap. 45.. for regulating the proceedings of the court of juf-ticiary, and circuit courts, in Scotland.

Cap. 46. For widening the north-weft end of Fenchurchfrut, and the fouth end of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Cap. 47. For altering and varying the powers of an a&, paffed in the fixth year of the reign of King George the Firft,

for making the river Douglas alias Afland, navigable % from /Aj

rive Ribble to Wigan, in the county of Palatine ^ Lane after ; and for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leeds and Liver* pool canal, incorporated by an paffed in the tenth year ol his prefent Majefty’s reign, to purchafe the laid river navigation ; for amending the faid laft-mentioned a6l; for incorporating and confolidating the faid two navigations; and for othec purpofes. '	i

Cap. 48. For improving the navigation of the river Trent{ from a place called IVilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicejler, or one of them, to Gainfborough, in the coohty o< Lincoln ; and for impowering perfons navigating vcffels thexeoq to hale the fame with horfe$.

Cap. 49. For repealing an a#, made in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Mdjefty, intituled. An aft for charging a f amp-duty'upon inland bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other poles, payable otberwife than upon demand \ and for granting new (lamp duties on bills of exchange, promiffory and otb^r notesj and alfo (lamp-duties on receipts.

Cap. 50. For the better regulation of the office of the pay-mafter general of his Majefty’s forces, and the more regular payment of the army; and to repeal an a<5t made in the ia(t feuion of parliament, intituled. An aft for the better regulation oj\ the office of paymafler general of his Majeffs forces.

’ Cap. 51. To repeal an a£t, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft for further puniftmmt oj Vagabonds calling themfclves Egyptians.

Cap, 52. For pvmilhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm pf Great Britain,

Cap. 53. To enable the commiffioners of fupply of the feve-ral counties therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain palled Scotland, to affefs and levy certain fums for relieving fuch of the inhabitants of the faid counties as have been reduced to indigence by the failure of the laft year’s crop of corn; and to enable bis Majeftv, during the next recefs of parliament, by and yvith the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation pf corn into the faid counties for a limited time, and in (hips or vcffels belonging to any ftate in amity with his Majefty, navi-! gated by foreign feamen.

' £ap. 54,. For providing a proper workhoufe, within the

parifh

Google

Digitized by *

f

A

TABLE

of the

STATUTE!

parirti of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the faid parifh.

Cap.,55, For building a new goal for the town and county of the town of Kingjlon upon Hull \ for purchasing an additional banal ground for the ufc of the parilh of the Holy Trinity, in the laid town ; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, andporrers, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for afeertaining the breadth of parry wall's; and for preventing certain nuifances within the fain town, liberties, and precindts thereof; for amending an ad of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre-fern Majefty, for making and eflablijbing puhlick quays or wharfs at Kingfton upon Hull, in refped to fuch as are or may be built oppofite to certain ftaiths in the faid ad deferibed ; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 56. To allow the drawback of the whole duty of coftoms upon the exportation of rice.

Cap. 53. For the faie df prize goods fecured in warehoufes in this kingdbm, for which the duties *re not paid, or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Cap. 58: For granting to his Majefty feveral additional and new duties upon ftamped vellum, parchmenr, and paper; and alfo for repealing certain exemptions from the ftamp-dufies* ‘

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties to fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring efquire, for certain breaches of publick trujl, and high crimes and mifdemeanors\ committed by them xuhilfl they refpeftively held the offices of governor and prefidenty counfellors, and members of the feh ft committee of the fettlement of Yon Saint George, on the coajl 0/Coromandel, in the Eaft Indies, (hall not be difeontinued by any prorogation or difiblution of parliament.

Cap. 60. For further continuing To much of an a<5t, parted in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for refraining fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring efquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for diferoering their eflates and effeft;, and presenting the tranfporting or alienating the fame, as relates to reftraining the faid fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Pettr Perring efquire, from alienating or otherwife difpofing of their refpedtive real eftates.

Cap. 61. For verting in Henry earl of Pembroke, his heirs and affigns, for ever, the ree-fimple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynwardjlon, and certain lands aryl hereditaments in the pa-rilhes of Great Bedwyn and Burbagey in the county of Wilts; and for fettling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on licences to be taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending medicines ; and certain ftamp-duties on all medicines fold under

a 4	fucti

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fuch licences, or under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majefty an additional duty up* on ftage coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. For taking away from the commiffioners of excife, | in England and Scotland, the power of compounding with per* fons making malt not to fell, but to be confumed in their own .< private families.

Cap. 65 For repealing an adt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repoaling the aft made in the lafl fejfton of parliament, intituled, <c An aft for vtjling 4< the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of mtr-*c chants trading to Africa ; ” and to veji as well the faid fort and 1 its dependencies, as ail other the Britifli forts and fettlements upon the coajl of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, ejlate, and effefts of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the faid forts, fettlements, and their dependencies, in his Majefy; and for Jeeuring, extending, and improving the trade to Africa; and for vefting fames Fort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all j other the Britijb forts and fettlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa*, and for fecuring and regulating the trade to Africa.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon waggons, wains, carts, and other fuch carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commiflt-oners of excife.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on the regiftry of burials, marriages, births, and chriftenings.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling commiffioners further to examine, take, and ftatc the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To enable the adjutant general of his Majefty** forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage.

Cap. 70. For the more effectual preventing tbe illegal importation of foreign fpirits, and for putting a ftop to the private diftillation of Britijb made fpirituous liquors; for explaining fuch part of the adt, impofing a duty upon male fervants, as relates to the right of appeal from the juftices of the peace ; to amend and redtify a miftake in an adt of the laft feffion of parliament, with reipedf to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious adlions againft officers of excife adting m purfuance of the authority given by excife ftatutes.

Cap, 71. For making compenfation to the proprietors of cer-r tain mefluages, ISnds, tenements, and hereditaments, in purfuance of an adt made in the laft feffion of parliament, to veji certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trujlees, for tbe better fecuring his Majeffs docks, /hips, and floret, at Portfmouth and Chatham,

u	Cap.	ju

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 72. For railing a further fuqa of money* by loans or exchequer bills, for tiie fervice of the year one thouland feven-hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 73. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of ftnall debts within the town and liberties of Sbrewjbury> in the county of Salop.

Cap. 74. For altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muliins, unrated muflins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths.

Cap. 75. For repealing to much of an adt made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as took off the duties payable upon the importation of that tpecies of blue called Smahs 1 and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Vhich (hall not be worth the duties impofed thpeon by an adt of the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 70. For the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom ; and to prevent^ the relanding of refined fugar entered for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty.	, ,

Cap. 77. For the more effedual encouragement of the ma-nufa&ures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 78. For granting to his Majefty a certain /urn of money put of the (inking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three 5 apd for further appropriating the fupplics granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 79. For the further encouraging the growth of coffee and cocoa nuts* in his Majefo’s wands and plantations in America.	^

Cap. 80. For appointing com mifli oners to enquire into the lofles and fervices of all fuch peribns who have fuffered in their rights, properties* and profefiions, during the late unhappy dif* feqtions ip America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb government.

Cap. 81. For preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, during the operation of two a&s, palfe4 in this prefent feflion of parliament, for allowing the importation of com.

Cap. 82. For eftablifliing certain regulations in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

Cap. 83. For granting relief to the united company of mer-chants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, by allowing fur* thcr time for the payment of certain fums due, and to become due to the publick, and by advancing to the laid company, oq the terms therein mentioned, a certain fum of money to bo raifed by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the laid,company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum ; to the proprietors at Cbriftmasy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on Ban India goods,

'*	Cap.	84*

A TAB Lfe of the STATUTES'.

'	To enable his Majefty to raife a further fura of mo-

ney by ioaiu or mrehequer bi11s, to pay off and difeharge the debts due and owing^ on the civil lift.

J C*p*85-iFor fttding and fecuring a certain annuity for the ttb of the fight honourable fir George Auguftus Eliott, knight of the moft honourable order of the Bath, in confideratttm of the cfrlfacittdbrvicea performed by hitn to his Majefty and this country.

Cape 86* < For fettling and fecuring a .certain annuity on Qoorjge lord Rodney, and the two next perfons to whomr the barony of Rodney (hall defeend, in confidSratibn of the eminent ferviets performed by the faid Goorge lord Rodney to his Majefty and the puWick.	-	?

! Capi 87. For vetting certain mdffuages, lands, tenements, and,hereditaments, in truftees, fbr the Anther fecuring his Ma-}efty^8 docks, ftiips, and ftores, at Portfrrimih ;J arfd for the= more fafe and convenient carrying 6n of his Majefty’s gunpowder werks and mills, near the towft tsf'Pathe/bam* *

Cap. 88. To extend the provifions of an aft, (intituled. An aft t* amend and make more effeftuAtftt'hws refating to rogztes, vagabonds, and other idle and Aifbrderfy perfons, and to houfes of tornftibny to certain cafes not therein mentioned.

Cap; : For better paving, deanfin£r and fighting, the pa-rifh of Satnt ChmentDdnes, in the county ofAfiddlefex, and certain pfaees adjoining thereto; arid fbr retpoving and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.	1	*

Cap. 90. For better paVing, cfeanfmg, and lighting, the parifti 44 Saint Martin in the Fields, \m|bm the liberty df'W'tfbninJtcr, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For paving and-regulating Church lane, in and near the parities of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint Goorge in the comty of1 Miidkfex; and feverai other ftreets, avenues, and places, within the fartse parifti of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyance* therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the fefd pariffr of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raife money to defray the expences incurred m repairing the parifh church.

‘ Cap. 92. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near ^Rider's Green, in the county of Stafford, td Broadwater fivoerigine, and1 fix collateral cuts from the fame, to feveral Waff mines ? anttaifo a navigable canal from or near the ttfwn of \Birmingham* to joftv the Coventry canal at or near Faze-. tef, in the parnh of Tamworth, in the feid county of Stafford, with a cdllateraf cut to the tower part of the faid town of Bir-mingbam.

* Gap.4J9 J. T<r enlarge the term and powers of an aft, parted fntbrfeeond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening; altering,' and keeping hr repair, the road from the foutb end of Spatyows Herne on Buftiy -Heath, through the market

•1 * * J	‘	towns

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towns */“ Watford, Berkhampfted, Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Petti pher’sEkos, to tbs turnpike road at Walton, near Aylelbury, in the county of Bucks.

' Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of feveral ads of parliament therein mentioned, fo far as the feme relate to the repairing and amending of the* roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to Halifax, and alfo the roads called Bowling lane and Little Horton lane, in the weft riding of the county of York.	.1

Cap* 95. To enlarge the term and powers of two ads, made in the fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Doncafter, through Ferrybridge, to the fouth fide of Tadcafter Crofs ; and *alfo from Ferrybridge to Wctherby, 'and from theme to Boroughbridge, fa the county of York j fo far as the fame relate to the road between Ferrybridge and fVetberbyy and from thence to Borough-bridge.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, palled inthefirft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a£f for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a fir earn of water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 97. For continuing and amending two ads, of the ninth and twenty-feventh years of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Saint Dunftan’s Crofs, near the city ^Canterbury, to the water-fifie at Whitftable, in the county of

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad o? the feeond year of* his prefent Ma-jpfry, for amending, widening, and beeping in repair, feveral roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Crofs Houfes, Glazeley, and tie turnpike gate on Abberiey Hill, in the counties of Salop gad W orcefter.

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made

in the feeond year of his prefent Majefty** reign, for repairing, Widening) and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in. the county a/Chefter; and from Hilr derftone to Draycott in the Moors\ anifrom Wctley Rocks to Tean, in the jaid county of Stafford.*	\

Cap. 100. For continuing the term, and altering aod enlarging the powers of an ad of the third year of hjs prefent Ma-jcfty,/*r repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading^ and from the )aid bridge to Henley Bridge, inthe county of Berk^ Cap. ioi- For continuing and enlarging the term aod powers of ao ad, made in the third year of the reign of his prefect Ma*-jefty, for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the corny of Chefter, to Burflem and Newcaftl*. under Lyme, in, the founty of Stafford, and other roods, therein mentioned.

tot. for enlarging the term aod powers of ao a<3> au4e

- Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for makings widening, and repairing a road from the north-eoft fide of the Gofwell Street Road next Iflington, in the county of Middlefex, and near to the road called The New Road over the field* and grounds, to Old Street Road, oppofite to The Doghoufe Bar, and at and from The Doghoufe Bar to the end of Chifwcll ftreet, by The Artillery Ground.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Wetberby to Knarefhorough, in the county of York.

Cap. 104. For amending and widening the road from the paflage or ferry over the river Severn ?t Newnham, in the county of Gloucefier, through the parilhes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White's, adjoining his Majefty’s foreft of Dean, in the faid county.

Cap. 105. For continuing and amending an aft of the third year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford* to Sandop, in the county of Stafford, and Jeveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford:

Cap. 106. For completing and keeping in repair the road * from the Rartt inn, in the town of Cirencefier, in the county of Glaucefter, through the town of Tilbury, to Oldfield, otherwife Woefield Comer, near the fixteenth mile (tone in the Bath road, and a road from thence through the parifhes of Cold AJhton and Szaanfwick, to or near Lambridgt in the parifh of Bath Eaflon, near the city of Bath; and for continuing the prefent road from the faM corner to orjiear the monument upon Lanfdown, until the intended road from the faid corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling..

Cap. 107. To revive and render more effeftual an a6k palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Markfieid Turnpike, in the county v/'Leicefter, over Charley otherwife Chamwood Foreft, through the town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Alhby de la Zouch, in the faid county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled. An 6ft for widening, repairing, and amending the road from Helket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cocker-mouth 5 and from thence, wby Lor ton, over Whinlatter, to Kef-wick, in the county {/’Cumberland * andfrom Kefwick, by Dum-mail Rays and Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Weftmoreland; and from Plumbgarth’s Crofs, near Kirby in Kendall aforefaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Weftmoreland; and from Kefwick aforefaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county ^/‘Cumberland.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paffi* ed in the fecond year ot his prefent Maiefty’s reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from tot north gate of the city of

Digitized by

^Vmchcfter,

A TABLE cf the STATUTES,

Winchefter, ever Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and ether places, to Newtown River; and alfo the road from Worthy Cow Down aforefaid, through Wherwell, to the prefint turn-pike road at Andover, in the cqunty of Southampton.

Cap. no. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, made in the feventh year of King George the Firft, and the eighth year of King George the Second, for repairing the read from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and alfo of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, to enable the refpeftive truftees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate Houfe and Hamp-ftead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Ifiington to the Edgeware road near Paddington; fo far as the fame is by the faid ad direded to be under the management of the truftees of the laid two firft-mentioned ads.

' Cap. in. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads made in the fccond and twenty-fifth year* of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and Horflcy Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I.	A N ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, wafte, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilh of Turvey, in the county of Bedford.*

2.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields within tho townlhip of Barnard Caftle, in the county of Durham.

3.	An ad for indofihg Dunnington Heathy within the manor of Priors Salford) in the county of Warwick.

4.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, and a parcel of meadow ground, within the townlhip of North Deighton, in the county of York.

5.	An ad for dividing and allotting in feveralty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within the parilh of Heytejbury, in the county of Wilts.

6.	An ad for naturalizing John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7.	An ad for naturalizing David Emanuel Fafnackt.

5.	An ad for naturalizing Ephraim Rinhold Seehl.

9.	An ad for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud.

10.	An ad to amend an ad, pafiedjn the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, intituled, An q£1 for inclofing and leafing a piece of wajle land called The Marlh, within the partjb and borough ^Newcaftle under Lyme, in the. county of Stafford ;

and

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tad applying tie profits thereof in aid of the poor's rates of the fail ptrtfb and borough..

11.	An aft for naturalising David Piffard.

12.	An aft. for veiling the manor, or reputed manor, of Vint-tiers otherwise Vinters, the manfion hptrfe, and certain lands and hereditaments, in the county ©r Kenty being part of the fettled eftates of the right honourable Robert lord Onglty, of the kingdom of Ireland, in trudees, to be fold { and for laying out the monies anting by fuch fale in the purchafe of other mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the like tries.

13.	An aft to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of

feveral pieces or paroels of land m or near the pariih of Peter-flamy formerly part of the park there, called Richmond Park, or New PariyAa the county of	to	Thomas Pitt efquire, and

, his heirs, for a full and valuable confideration.

14.	An aft for enabling William Pulteney efiquirc, to grant leafes of certain eftates in the county of Middle)ex and city of London. .

15.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and indofmg the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and commonable lands, within the manor and townfliip of Stanfordy in the county of Berks.

16.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral town-fields, commons, moors, and wafte grounds, and dinted land, within the manors of Henjbaiv and Melkeridgey in the pariih of HaltwbiJlkj in the county of Northumberland.

17.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common

fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Roofs in Holdemefsy in the ead riding of the county of York.	'

18.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and commonable places, in the pariih of Burton HaflnigSy in the county of Warwick.

19.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and improving a certain common, or wafte ground, within the parlfhof Staunton upon Wyty in the county of Herefordy and for extinguifhing the right of common upon certain mclofed lands within the faid pariih.

20.	An aft to diflblvc the marriage of John WilliamSy of the

city of Exetery gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein men«i tioned.	'

21.	An aft to enable Richard Newman Harding efquire, 2nd his did and other Tons, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, ufe, and bear the furname and arms of Newmany purfuant to the will of Richard Newman efquire, deceafed.

22.	An aft to diflolv^ the marriage of John Hankcy efquire, with Elizabeth Thomfony his now wife, and to enable bhn to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned^

23.	An aft For naturalising John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.

24.	An aft for naturalising John James Tourneifen. .

25. An

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

25.	Aaififof dividing and indofiug the open and common* fields, and other commonable land, within the parifti of Chur4b, jUfiri, in die eotinty of

26.	An 2d to enable John tfrowne efquire, and Jris iflue male,

to take and ufe the furname of Selby, p^ffuanf ,to the will of William Silty efquire deceafed.	^

27- An ad for naturalizing ChriftUm Henrich Rusher.

28. An ad for iotpowering Nigel Bowyer Grejley efquire, td leafe part of his fettled ettiues in Staffordjbirt, purfuant to aa agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, iron matters; and alfo to grant leafes of lands and mines within the feme ettates.

30. An ad to enable Charles duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant building or repairing leafes of certain tenements, houfes* and grounds, in the parilh of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlefex, and in or near the town of Afun4A, in the county of Suffix.

30.	An ad for carrying into execution an agreement between the dean and chapter of Saint PauFs, London, and the college o£ dodors of law exercent in the ecclefiaftical and admiralty courts, for vetting certain tenements in the city of London called Debtors Commons, held by the faid college under the faid dean and chapter by leafes for years in'thc faid college in fee Ample, and retrying thereout a certain yearly rent to the faid cfean and chapter, and their fucceflors, for ever.

31.	An ad to enable fir William Abiy baronet, to grant leafes of his ettate at Horfey Down, in the county of Surrey.

32.	An ad for vetting fuch parts of the real ettates of Jamts Templer efquire, deceafed, as lie in the counties of Hants, sViUs, and Dorfet, in truttees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the ufes and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

33.	An ad for vetting part of the fettled ettates of John Luther efquire, in the county of Southampton, in the faid John Luther in fee fimple, and for fettling an eftxte,of greater value in lieu thereof.

34.	An ad to veft in truttees, and their heirs certain ettates of John Hanbury Williams efquire, fituate in the county of Mon* mouth, in order to be fold, and the purchafe money applied upon the trutts and for the purpofes in the faid ad mentioned.

35.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields in the manor and parifli of Kingfombourn, in the county of Southampton.

36.	An ad for dividing and allotting the open common fields, common meadows, open common downs, watte lands, and commonable places, within the feveral parishes of Odfiock, Ho-mingten, Wejl Harnham, and Netherhampton, and certain open lands lying at the eaft end of the faid parifti of Homington, in the county of Wilts.

37.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open, common fields, common meadows, common pafturcs, commons and

watte

Digitized by Google

A TAfcLE df the STATUTES.'

taftc grounds, within the manor and parish of Boilftoniy in the Couhty of Derby.

38.	An .alt for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding; ufing, cultivating, and enjoying feveral commonable and wafte grounds, lying in Chatteris* in the IJle of Ely* in the county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain parts of the fat'd grounds to fence the fame.

^ 39. An a H to cftablifh an agreement for extinguishing the nght of common upon certain wafte grounds, and for enfran-chifing certain cuftomary eftates, within the manor of Jobnby* in the county of Cumberland.

40.	An alt to diftolve the marriage of Andrew Bdyntun efquire, with lady Maria Coventry, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

41.	An alt for naturalizing lfaat Lewis MioL

42.	An alt for naturalizing Margaretta Phillipina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43.	An alt for confirming, eftabli(hing, and making effeHual, the inclofure of the open and common fields, commonable land*, cow pafture, heath, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Hartwell* in the county of Oxford.

44.	An alt to effeltuate a partition or divifion of certain mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Wilts, heretofore the eftates of Jonathan Power efquire, deceafed.

x	The End of the TABLE.

. ✓

Digitized by

A

TABLE

O F T H E

STATUTES

PUB LICK and PRIVATE,

Pafied Anno vicefmo quarto

G E O R G I I III. Regis.

Being the Fourth Seflion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

P U B L 1C RACTS,

Cap.!. T?OR continuing and granting to his Majefty certain It duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fenrice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* four.

Cap. a. To continue, for a limited time, an a<fl made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An alt for preventing certain	inftnements from being required from /kips belonging to the

United States of America;	and to give to bis , far a	limited

time, certain powers for the better tarrying on trade and tommerte between the fitbielts of bis Majefty's dominions, and the inhabitants of she find United States.

Cap. 3. To continue fo much of an aft made in the lad fef-fion of parliament, as allows further time for the payment of certain (urns due, and to become due to the publick, from the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eqft Indies.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tar, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the fervice of th,e year one thou-hnd fcnen hundred and eighty-four.

Voi, XXXIV.	a	Cap.	j

Digitized by ^ooQle

ATABLEoftheST A T U TE5. v

Cap. 5. To enable the company of proprietors of the Bor? . towfownnefs navigable cut or canal, more effectually \o com- ^ plete and maintain the fame.

Cap. 6. For eftabliftiing certain regulations concerning th$ portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the port *be~ * tween Great Britain and Ireland.	.

Cap. 7. ^To explain and arrfetid an aft, taiade in V&e laft fef- „ lion of pWrfiament, intituled, Ah aft for Repealing aitaft9 made \ in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Mojefiy* intituled, iC An aft.

€i for charging a Jlamp-duly upon inland bills of exchange, promif-€< fory notes, or other notes9 payable otherwife than upon demand and for granting new (lamp-duties on bills of exchange* prorniffory atti bther hetes ; ana alfo jlairdp-duties on receipts ; and for indemnifying all perfons who have written or ligned any bill of ex-, change, promrffory or other note, or any receipt, net flumped according to law.

Cap. 8. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmaU debts within the town and port of Davor, arid the parifhes of, Charlton, Bucklandy River, Ewell, Lydden9 Coldred9 Eajl Lang* ► don9 IVeJl Langdony Ringwonldy Saint Margaret's At Cliffy IVbit- t field otherwife Behusfieldy Gufony Hougbafn otherwife nuffbam* Cqple le Fern9 and Alkham9 and alfo the liberty of Davor Cajtle* in the county of Kent.	. . . ^ \	,

Cap. 9. T6 enlarge the powers of an aft made in the thir-tieth year of the reign of his fate majefty King George the Se-,; cond, intituled. An aft for draining and prcjerv'wg certain marjb and fen lands9 and low grounds, in the pari/]) of Wiggenhall Sair?t Mary Magdalen, in the county ^/Norfolk.	,

Cap. 10. For appointing commiflioners to put in executioQ an aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for grant* ing an aid to his	by	a	land tax9. to be raifed in:Great Bri- *

tain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand Jtven hundred and , eighty-four \ together with thofe named in two farmer afts fo^r Appointing iommiffioners of the land tax, and with, thole named in an aft of thfe laft fedion of parliament* intitrilqdt.-'fo oft far. granting an aid to his MajeJly by a land tax, to be r#ifed in Grejtffc Britain, for the fervice. oftlje year on* thoufand Jtven, bundled and tighty-tbree.	*	,	.	-r

Cap. 11. For poniflung mutiny and defertion* pnd for At better payment of the army afnd their quarters.

Cap. 12. To authorise the removal of prisoners incertai* cafes; and to amend the laws refpeftiog the tranfporcation of offenders.	*	.	?	,

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of thetnUkia in that pare of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning tilt twenty-fifth day of March9 one thoufand feven hundred ;anit eighty-four; and for leflening the number* of deputy lieutenant® and ju(Tices of the peace to aft in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.	>

Cap. 14. To continue the provifions of an aft of the twenty-third of his prefent Majefty, for granting a bounty upon the

. porta idem

Digitized by

A TABtH’STATUTES.

^	butiratns	tillettings,	Britifh	akd

Iritri'linens', firitim	collides and cottons, or eon on	mixed with

(rutted,paintedsfimed, or dyed in Great Britain, for a li-

>'*$. For further tfontlnuing, for a limited time, an aft JMfk ip tfa*,Jaft fpfliou of pwliarfient, intituled, An alt for -vtkrpig ctrfein	injlruriients	ftom being required belonging

te [be United States c/Americ* j and to give to his	for	a

hotted lime, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and ciwKerce betweeH the	fubjelisof his dominions, and the *

Jubitjnti if the faid United States.

XSipi'ib. For allowing further time for inrollmenr of deed) anif made by Papifts, and for relief of Proteftant purchasers.

Cap, 17. For tbe regulation of his Majefty’s marine force* while on (here.

Cap. 48. For regulating, and rendering more effectual, the ex&Hqti of the ftatute-work within the (hire of	and

foteu^pnirifiog the trqftees for putting in execution fevejal aids for repairing the high roads in the county of	,	to	bor-

row, upon the credit of tire tolls anting within the diftrift <?f Leftoadt, a further fum of money, to be applied for payment of certain (Vims borrowed on the perlonal lecurity of the faid trsfttfi; and fgt further repairing the roads within the faid diOnft.

Cap, 1/9. Fbr fettling the rates for the carriage of paffenger* wd good* for <hire to and from the IJle Cap, 20. For tire appointment of an additional ovprfeer, for the better government of die poor of the' parifh of	in

(heeobatyof Wilts.

C4p. 2t. Fhr building a bridge over the river at * bovtn,'m the county of SuJJex.

Cap. TL. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, parted inthefoufth .year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for -potr’mgind ■warningtbe road from Shillingford, in the of Okfbftf, tbreurb Wallingford and Pattgborne, to Reading, in ibrnoentfof Berks; and for building a bridge ever the riier Thames, f Uor near Shillingford Ferry.

To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an *ft made in lire third year of the reign of his prefent Ma-K*n intituled, Ats ail for repairing, widening, and keeping in upeef, tbe road front Kirkby Kendall, the county of Well in or-U»d( to Kirkby Jfftleth, in tbe county of Lancafler.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, Jbtde itb the fourth yew of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for gtpririttg arid widening the road from Br&mcote Odd Houfo, in jit county ^Nottfoghakn, toTh?Crofs Port upon Smalley Cotu-axw, in tvriounty i^Oerby j and from Ilkefton to tbe towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the laid county of Derby j and from Trowel if the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nor-■	a 2	tingham	j

Digitized by v^ooQle

r A TABLE of tbe STATUTES.

’ tingham; except fo far as relates to the road leading ftottuff-to tbe town of	^

Cap. 2$. For enlarging the term and Powers of an ad of the third year of tbe reign of his prefcnt Majefty, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage,*^ by Cory’s Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicar, * to Hitchin, in the county ^Hertford.	»	-s

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad. palled in the fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty,

-	for repairing and widening the roads from tbo foutb end of Newton Abbott to the pajjagt way in Kingfwear, oppofite Clifton Ehrt-

; mouth Hardnefc; and from tbe end of a lane leading put of tbo turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott's Kerfwell, to Five Lanes 5 and from Langver’s Barn to the faid turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk’s Bridge and Brixham Quay 5

-	add from Langver’s Barn to tbe north end ^Paington Town, all > in tie county of Devon.

Cap. 27. To enlarge tbe term and powers of an ad, made in the fecond year of the rejgn of his prefcnt Majefty, for repairing and widening tin road from the Loftwithiel turnpilfftkndy in the parifh */*Creed, in the county of Cornwall, throng) Trc-gony, to Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water no three i hundred yards on tbe fouth fide of Trethitn Mill* in the parijb of Saint Juft, in the faid county.

: ^ Cap. 28. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paflfed in the fecond year of tne reign of his prefcnt Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from CatiHe Street, at tbe end of the town ^/"Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the guide pojl at Walcot Thwn-VEod, ih the county of Leicefter, to the eighty mile fione in WeMbrd Field, in the county ^Northampton.

Cap. 29. For continuing the term and powers of two ads, made in the lixteenth ana twenty-fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for ropairjng the high road from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Cathe-rick, in the fame county \ ana from thence to Piefs-bridge, on^tht river Tees.	r.

Cap. 30. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, pafled in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign; intituled. An aft for amending and widening the road from the turnpike read at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or fide of tbo totvrkvf Marlborough; and from the faid town of Marlborough nth* village ^/Everlcy, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 31. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft of the third year of the ftign of bis prefent Majefty, for repairing, widening,, and keeping m ropair, feveral roads leading from the town of Barnftaple, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 32. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of e	an

Digitized by Google

8tiE of me STATUTES.

sto'SSP,1	ytrar of the reign of his prefent Ma-

icfty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Colhahf, 9h IBe cwfHfy 'of Southampton, to tht city of Chichelter.

*' €fcf}£7. 'For'OOtihnitfng the term and powers of an a<ft, ifofafn+he tfilrd of the reign of his prefent Mejcfty, for '	road firm the fourteen mile font* in the partjb of

Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and fa iipamng,3 ^httendihg,' arid keeping in repair, feveral other fRefold county.

' |(Sp. WTortontlnftlhg and amending an zSt of the fourth JW of ms prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads jMf. SpaldTng ffigh Bridge, to the market place in Donington ; pfel fnp.fbe tenth mile ft one in the parijh of Golbertown, to the Jfone in the parijh of Wigtoft, in the county ^Lincoln,

f f;iJ^ fll/;, *	..

’ "	PRIVATE ACTS.

*-’ U\	s'

uyl N aft for naturalizing John Chrijlian Splitgerber and Se* £\ia/Hau Fridag.

l.	Aitaft for naturalizing Michael Peter Touray•

3^ An.ad for dividing and inclcfing feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Morley> in the county of Derip ;

4* An to enable the honourable Richard Lum!ey> and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Savile, purfuant to she will of fir George Savile baronet, deceafed.

fo difTolve the marriage of Walter Nijbet efquire, with three BOmberg> his now wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

6i An ad for naturalizing Augujlus Everard Brande.

7. An ad for naturalizing Detlev Bonaventura Eicke and John Henry Httker*

gjAn ad to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of a ' cemip piece or parcel of land, in or near the parifh of PeUr-Jbam, formerly part of the park there called Richmond Parky or idkw/ParJtt ip the county of Surrey, to Caroline baronefs of Crrmtmhy and her heirs, for a full and valuable confideration. ^Anaft for veiling part of the eftates of Charles late duke BdteUy tjeceafed, deviled and fettled by his will, in truftees, difeharged of the ufes and limitations limited, created, and ex* prefled in the faid will, for the purpofe of more effectually car-* fjfag into execution a decree and certain orders of the high tdovtofjdianjcery for fale of the fame eftate, and for other pur* petes therein, (petitioned.

I*;, r.aetm An-act* (or,eftablifhftig and confirming an agreement made between the lord bifhop of Norwich arid Jacob Prefon -sfyuis* foe the .exchange of certain eftates in the county of Norfolk.	-7	’	*	.	'

;	a	3	11. An

Digitized by Google

A TABJ-E of	STATU:TES.

n. An a$ to enable fPtJUam Haa	dquirc,	and

Waltor Hunt Grubb* gentleman, and, after their fev*r*lde»*tis, the guardians of their refpcdive iffue, to-make, loafer, of theijr fettled cftstes in the county of	Wi and in the city of Brfflnl.

12.	An ad for dividing and indoing a certain raoor, or data-

in oh, within the manor of Ley burn, and parifb of	in

the north riding of the county of York.

13.	An ad for dividing and indofing the common Selds,

common downs, common woods, wafie lands, and oshet commonable places in the parifh of	in-the county-of

Southampton.

14.	An ad to enable David Edward Ltints pfquirp, to take,

ufe, and bear, the furoame and arms of Lhyd, purfuaat to ’tlie will of Rictard Lloyd, late of fVente	in the county of

Cardigan,efquire, deceafed.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVAT E* ~ Paffcd Anno vice/itno quarto ■

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Firft Selfion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUB LICK ACTS.

Cap. I.T70R further continuing, fora limited time* 0ftaSk X/ made in the tWenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An alt for preventing certain ifi/lru* ments from being required from Jhips belonging to the United States cf America ; and to give to his Majejly, for a limited time*, certain powers for the betUr carrying on trade and commerce between the fub-jetts of his Mojcflys dominions3 and the inhabitants of the faid • United States.	.

Cap, 2. To impower the Eqfl~India CompaTfy to malcd a di* vidend to the proprietors of Eaft-India flock, a* Midfumrner, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four.	1 ♦

Cap. 3. For more effetfuallv preventing frfcrods afid abtifes committed by perfons employee i& the mamrfaflurts of eotntv-ing woo!, worried yarn, and goods made front worfted* m^he county of Suffolk.

Cap. 4. For incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation a uihori fed by an a<5l, palled in the eighth year

r *	of

Digitized by Google

T^irmLE ofihe STATUTES.

of rtht ptfenvsf bis prefenr majefty King George the Third, to . bemadefrom Bimfogb&nxo Bil/tone and Autherlej, with the oftxtfkaayrof proprietors of a canal navigation authorifed by aa a&, paflcd in the twenty-thhd vear of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, torfeeioisde from Birmingham to Faztky \ and for con-fptidattog thtin(hates; and amending the faid laft-mention-ed ad.

“Capr^ For enlarging the market place, and regulating the market* within the town of Sheffield, in the weft riding of the epuruy of YPrk $ and for widening and rendering more fafe and commodious feveral ftreets adjoining or leading into the (aid market place; and for taking down the prefent (laughter houfes within ithc find town, and ereding others in a more proper filiation.

Cap. 6. To enable fuch officers, mariners, and foldiers, as have been in the land or fea fervice, or in the marines, or in the milkia, or any corps of fencible men, fince the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to exercife trades.

Cap. 7. For explaining certain ads of the parliament of Scot-concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims nme by the proprietors of the two manufadories, called The rope and foap manufa&eriesofGlafgov), to cei tain exemptions from cttftom* and duties, and for making compehfarion in lieu thereof.

Cap. 8. For eftabiiihing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the poft between Great Britain and Ireland*

Cap. 9. To authorife the commiflloners of the cuftoms in England and Scetland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties 00 certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions therein mentioned*

Cap. 10. For railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftablilhing a lottery.

Cap. 11. For laying additional duties upon all candles, fex-capt wax and fpermaceti candles), and for more effedually fecuring the duties upon candles.

Cap. 12. To enable the governor and company of the bank ad Scetland further to encreafe the capital ftock of the faid company.

Cap. jj. For appointing and enabling commiflloners further to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the king^ dom.

* Capw 14. To enable the commiflloners of his Majefty’s treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon eftpiirc deceased, and his Curettes; and for veiling his eflates in tntfteop; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

"-Cap. 15 For the better relief and employment of the poor Moitgin| to feveral pari (he 3within the town of Sbxewfbury arid the liberties thereof, in the county of Salop.

^ Cap; TV* difeotWinoe the petty cuftom on aliens goods wnponed itov Gre*t: Britain, and the duty of cm per centum on

34	goods

Digitized by <^ooQle

A TABL/E of thft RT ATUTRSC A

goods exported to or imported from the AfediUrrmeat Seat \tt \ i unqualified (hips; and for repealing fo much-of an aft paled irt ^ the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty as enaftt* *« that no part of the old fubfldy (hall be drawn back upon good* > exported to the Briti/b colonies or plantation* in Amort*e. - < :n i Cap. 17. For amending and rendering more cffcftujdaivwdf :i of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, inti* c tuled, An aft Jor the bitter relief and employment of the pooroftho fc borough <?/Dunheved otberxvife Launcefton, and parijb of Saint 1 Mary Magdalen, in the county of Cornwall; and for veiling she ri aftermowth of certain common lands within live borough *n * truftees, for the 'purpofes therein mentioned.	.	i|

Cap. 18. For laying additional duties upon paper* pafte* ; 4 boards, millboards, and fealeboards ; and for explaining eeruin, doubts refpefting the duties impofed by an aft made in the ' twenty-fir ft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign* intituled. An ' aft for repealing the prefent duties upon paper, pofteboards, miU* \ boards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Cap. 19. To revive and continue an aft made in the twelfth * year of the reign of his prefent Majeftyyfor encouraging thermae* fafture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak barkf when the price of fucb bark Jball exceed a certain rxxte% for a limited time \ and for extending feveral afts of parliament relative to the manufafture of leather, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 20. For altering and amending an aft of the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for appointing wardens and affixy mafters, for affaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, (o far as relates to tit* faid town of Sheffield.

Cap. 21. For the prefervation and encouragement of the hat manufaftory within this realm, by preventing the exportation of Britijh hare (kins, Britijh hare wool, and Britifh coney wool, and all undrefled or untawed Britijh coney (kins, and for preventing any of the faid (kins from being ftained or dyed; and for the importation of goats hair into this kingdom duty-free.

' Cap. 22. For enabling iir AJhton Lever to difpofe of bis mo •» feum, as now exhibited at Leicefter Houfe, by way of chance.

Cap. 23. For further continuing, for a limited time, an a& made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for preventing certain infirumentt from being requiredfrom Jhips belonging to the United States of America 5 and to give to his Majefty, Jor a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the jubjt&t of bio Majefty s dominions, and the inhabitants of tbe faid United Status

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majefty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the fame. *

Cap. 25. For the better regulation-end management of the affairs of the Baft India company, and of the Britijh poffcffion*

in

Digitized by Google

; A ’FJKBTLT3 STATtJTESI

in ImRai'ind fot eftfcbtflhirtga <?ourt of judicature for the more' tHalcif ^erfons acebfed of offences commit-! ied iatt^ EdJl Ihdki*

Cipp^To repei!rfo much of two a&s, made in the tenth f ind fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, as autho-' riies/iherlpeaker df the Mule of commons to iflue his warrant to tbc’derkof the crown for making out writs for the election of members to fefrve in parliament, in the manner therein mentfoiurf) end for fubftituting other provifions for the like purports; : •

Cap. For laying an additional duty on hackney coaches; and for explaining and amending feveral a<5ts of parliament relating *o hackney coaches.

Gap: $8. For authorffing the treafurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his Majefty’s fhip Santa Mar-Isrertt^Athe tike bounty tor taking the French frigate called L'Jma&Piei as is allotted to the officers and men on board any of to Majefty’s (hips of war, taking or deftroying (hips of war belonging to the enemy.

Cipi>*9. Fbr verting certain lands, tenements, and hereditament*,'m truftees, for better fecuring his Majefty’s docks, (hip^and fores, at Por if mouth and Plymouth; and alfo for reverting, certain meflfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton^ Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

C*p?3a For granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon li<*n£ellor retailing beer, ale, and other excifhble liquors.

Gap. 31; For granting to his Majefty certain duties on horfes keptforthe? purpofe of riding, and on horfes ufed in drawing certain carriages, in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is made payable. ;

Capita. ^To poftpone the payment of the Turn of two millions,advanced by the governor and company of the bank' of Engkmd, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thau&nd fcton hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 33* For raffing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap* 34~ For the relief of the Eajl India company with re-fpeA to the payment of certain fums due to the publick, and to tbeaoceptance of certain bills drawn upon the (aid company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the faid com-

Cap. 35* To hnpower the biihop of London for the time being, or any other biihop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or pried, perfons being fubje&s or citizens ofcauatriesont of his Maiefty's dominions, without requring them to take the oath of aifegrance as appointed by law.

Gap; 36W For repealing the prefent duties upon wax candles ©idc intyfAJ/ Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other

duties

Digitized by Google

A-T AEfkE of the STATUTES.

dntics upon wax candles made in Groat Britain, *t*d	at

imported, and tyioa licences to mate or (ell wax candies iin Gnat Britain.	k , «

Cap, 37. For granting to his Majefty certain adduiooal>ratrs of poftage for conveyance of letters and packets, by utx within the kingdom of Graz/ Britain ; for preventing;frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goodtun letters and packets;, and for further preventing fraud* and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letter* and packets free from poftage.	«•

Cap. 38. For repealing the feveral duties on tea,.and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; andalfo leveral duties on inhabited houfes ; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee ; and for repealing the inland dotiefc of cxcife thereon.

Cap. 39. For granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majefty additional duties on linens primed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain nd for granting certain duties on cotton (luffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying *hc fame; and upon the importation of (luffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, ftained, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 41. For laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of, and dealers in, excifeable commodities therein.mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and render more cffe&uai, an ad made in the thirtieth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled, 4n f*r	mere effeftnalpumijb-

nutit of perfons who Jball attain, or attempt to attain, ptffeffkn of goods or moneys by falfe or untrue pretenees; for preventing tkr unlawful pawning of goods \ for the eofy redemption goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in publick houfes, by journeymen, labourer^ fervants, and apprentices, fo far as the fame relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the cafy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majefty Certain dutics on certificates iffued with refped to the killing of game.

Cap. 44. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand fev$o hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the monies arifingby the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and alio by a land tax, granted to his Majefty by two ads made in the toftfeffion of parliament, and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 45. To extend the powers of an ad made in thotweety-third year of his prefent Majefty, for giving his Majefty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between $be fubje&a of his Majefty'* dominions and the inhabitapts of

Digitized by Google

ATASLfi of t** STATUTES.

tfcrlijtftkdStateiof~AAtritay to the trade and commerce of thi* km^rfotn, irjth thefinfi^^donies and plantations in AtrurUs% with refpeft to certain articles therein mentioned.

for a limited time, the payment of thpohttfc* tfpon lOw wirres and fprrits for home confumption, •adfovgnmtrtgand fccuring the doe payment of other duties in G^^kefeafj andfbr the better regulation of the making and •ending jBtilijk fplrits, as well for home confumption as for exportfctiott ;* and for defUoying all home made and foreign fpirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for veiling in his Myftystile duties of excife within the lands of Ftreniojb, in the totally of tnv&nejs; and for difcontinuing, for a limited timet ctvttaq frnpbftsand duties upon rum and fpirits imported from **W<jUn4tes.

Cap. 47. For the more cffeftual prevention of fmuggling in this Mttgdoiti.

Cap. For better fecuring the duties on {larch and foap.

Cap. 49. For granting additional duties upon law and thrown (iik imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported from Gnat Britain into parts beyond the feas; and for allowing a ^awback upon the exportation of filks, and fluffs mixed with

» "®ip. 5b. To revive and continue feveral laws, relating to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other artictes* hit Majeily’s fogar colonies in America; and touche allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as fbnes, to be confumed on board merchant {hips on their voyage*? and to extend the provifions of an aft of the twenty-third yttrof hisprdent Majefty, relative to the removal of wine m cafe, to winte removed in bottles and other packages.

Cap,'51. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by perfons vending hats by retail; and aHo certain duties on hats fold under fuch licences; and for laying additional duties on all hats and caps imported into this

^2. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fcrvicc of the year one thouiand feven handled and eighty-four.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on all gold and diver plate imported, and alfo certain duties bn all gold andiffer wrought plate made in Great Britain.

1 Op. 54^ To explain and amend an aft, made in the elevehtty aodtwtifth years of the reign of King IVilliam the Third, in-whdftt, An 4$ ensile juftiees of peace to build and repair gaols % A Mr trfpeftiw esanties; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.- *'

Cap. 55. To explain and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fooridytar of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An oft fantbt%mkiing and rendering more effeftual the laws in being rets-Ann bssfrf of tatrefthn.

' CapUij®. ft)r the effeftual tranfportation of felons and other

offenders j

Digitized by Google

A T AfeL E of the SrAW7E«.

©Senders ; and to authorize the removal of pri loners irictitaftt cafes i and for orher purpofes therein mentioned.	-	-	u	i

Cap. 57. To enable his Majefty to grant to the1 heirs of 'thd former proprietors, upon certain terms and condition*, thefbjr* feited eibtes in Scotland, which were put under the manured* ment of a board of truftees by an aft pafled in the twentyififtR year of the reign of his late majeftjr King George the SeoOtidi and to repeal the faid aft.	'	*	^

Cap. 58. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted' to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and to indefri* nify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to gifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; Irfid* to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations,1 attld borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to bo Ramped according to law, or having been Ramped, bave be&i loll or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide.adttfiP* Rons duly Ramped; and to give further time to fueh perfon* ais have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution dentures of clerks to attomies and folicitors, or to pay the db* ties on the indentures and contrafts of clerks, apprentices, fervants.	.	.	*

* Cap. 59. For extending, amending, and altering the poWers of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigdlfo tut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the month of the river ^Carton, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Born foot, in tht county ^/’Dumbarton; and alfo a collateral cut from the fame \to the city of Glafgow; and/or making a navigable cut or canal of tbm~ munication from the port and harbour of Borrowftduntvefe, to join the faid canal at or near the place inhere it will fall into the firth of Forth.	.

Cap. 60. For railing money to difeharge debts contrafted bti account of the poor within the parifh of ChrtflChurch, in the county of Middlefex; for repairing and enlarging the prelent workhoufe of the faid parilh; and for further regulating tho manner of rating to the poor, appointing overfeers, and prefelv* ing all accounts relating to the offices of churchwarden and overfeer of the poor, and treafurer, of the fame parifh.

Cap. 6r. For amending feveral roads leading fcomWoodJhck^ through Kiddington and Enflone, to Rollright Lane; and fitttri Enfiow Bridge to Kiddington aforefaid, in the county of Oxford. \ Cap. 62. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled,

. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Alford-/* BoftOn, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the county ^Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To amend and render more effectual fo much 6f two afts, made in the fecond and twelfth years of the reign^oF his prefent Majefty,/cr repairings widening, and aUetirtg jeyttal reads leading from Taviftock to Plymouth, and otbir placet in tht

county

Digitized by Google

A%T;ABjL£ of the ST ATUTE5.

omtyefVwcyn, etnd fbrrepairingand widening the read fntft tit

Cldhall in Tauiftock aforefaid, through Mathew-ftreet, and w^r Brook^ftrert, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Ppflndt and from the Caliington turnpike road to Morwelbam arid NffrQuifi in the jaid county, as relates to the roads leading him the lower market houfe, in Taviftock aforefeid, to Old Town Q^y 10 Plymouth aforcfaid, and from Manadon Gate* to the Old IPrnd) near Plymouth Dock.

(^pw 6*. To enlarge tiie term and powers of an ad pafTed in thettyrd yearof bis prefent majefty King George the Third\%for emending and widening fever al roads leading from or near the north pdoftbetown and borough of Totncs in the county of Devon. * Cap. 65, For completing, widening, and keeping in repair* t^c road from Rowd Fordy through the Devizes market place? to Sheppard's Sbord y and from the eaft end of Devizes to the top 0IfLed Hone, in the county of Wilts \ nnd for changing and aU rising part of the faid road.

Cap, 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the meeting hotife ip the parifh of L\anegwad\ fpfthe lime kilns ifi the parifh of Llanddarog; and from Dan yr^ jilt in the (aid pari(h of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the parifh of Llangendeirney in the county of ^Carmarthen.

. Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from the Humbles in the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, through prankfort Gate> to Stonehoufe Bridge; and from the weft end of the faid bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play* houie, in the parifh of Stoke Damarel% in the faid county \ for lighting* watching, and watering the faid road 5 and for r emulating the (lands and fares of carriages ufine the fame.

Cap. 68. For repealing an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of SalfordWar-rington, Bolt on, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oah% in Worfey^ and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lmuafler $ tor making more effedtual Drovifion for repairing and widening the (aid roads; and alfo for making, altering,, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in tpifleburyy to Agtcroft Bridge, and froth thence through Hilton Lane% to Dawfon Lane End\ and alfo from Agecroft Bridge, over Kerfal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the faid county.

Cap. 69. T° continue the term, and alter and enlarge <he powCTii ot an ad, made in the feventh year of the reign of hi; prefent Majefty, for amending^ repairing, and widening feveral roads in the counties ^.Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening feveral other roads in the faid counties.

Gap. 70. For rerivingi continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an ad, pafTed in the fecond year of the reign of bis prelent Majefty*. intituled. An afi for repairing and widening the roods from Kirkby. Steven High Lane Head, in the county if WeftcnorUnd, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatini of Lancafter; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Afkrigg*

Digitized by Google

A TAfcLE ofcthe-STATUTES. '

ht	e/Yorit,- #6m»g*iSeibebgh, i<e KfckJty ICendal>{ dtyT

I tl/etbi road jrtm the Foot. Lane Ends in Marsh mit^y M' ibf turnpike	read taGrayvigg H*ak$JeaditgfrmApp\*b	Kht&f1

Kendal, in tbijatd ttunty of WefttnorUhds .	-	-

. . ■ ... .. .:«.!«<!

'	'	•	',	*	; *r ' t . li :

• /,iU . **

private Acts,

i	*	i	|.	t	^	•	t	-*

)< A N aft for vetting part of the eftatei late of the.right.ho.

A nourable	Eduwrdear! of Derby,deceafed, mtbe/mpl

counties of IVanwick, Cbejitr, and CamhUgfa ip the right ho. :i nourahjle Edward the grefept e?rl o( Derbyr jf\ fee funpla, ad for fettling an eftatc of the faid prefqpt-eaf^ of Dtrbyirr.ibit county of Lancajler, pf greater value, in liep thereof and ia exchange for the fame.	’	;	,	|

2.	An »ft for eftabhfaing and confirming a-pertain eaehftrtgci i

agreed upon between the lord bithop of Saint David's, re&Cu of i the partfH and parifh church of	in	the county*, of i

Glcueeflcr, and Themas Edwards efquipe, of certain 1 grounds and other hereditaments within the find parifh* ,

3.	An aft for impowering the truftees of the will o f,,JW« Okill, deceafed, to fell certain lcafehold eftates in Liver fuel, in

the county of Laycajier, in preference to his eftates of inherit. ' ance, /or payment of hi? debts and legacies, and for othar pur* pofes therein mentioned.	...<>■■

. if. An a£t for veiling certain parts of the fettled eftates Ipts of fir Robert Sutton knight, deceafed, fituato in the county of,Zin coin, iri fit Richard Sutton baronet, his heirs and alfignsjand -for vetting certain lands and hereditaments, the eftate of tlx faid fir Richard Sutton, fitpate in Bleaabyttod .Southwell, ia the county of Nottingham,, in, Hep thereof, - fo the faepe wfes..	,. . .

5.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inftofiog.the open fields,

undivided inclofures, commons, and wafts grounds, within the manor and lordlhip of Languor, in the parifh of 4'dfieufitli, in the county of Stafford.	,	,

6.	An aft for dividing and inclqfing tits commons and Svattt lands within the parifh of Blagdon, in the county

7.	An aft for dividing and inclofing. the feveral open fields,

meadows, commons, and watte grounds, within the, manors and lord (hips of Hextrope with Baity, and Long	tbs

Joke of Doncafter, in the weft riding of the epunty of Verb. -

8.	-An aft for naturalizing John Jofeph Mary

9.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open and'com* mon fields, meadows, and commons, or watte lands, witkia the parifh of Lower Brailts, in the county pf Iffanwick,M-

10.	An aft for confirming and eftablifhing an exp.hangeagratd

upon between the reverend James Dalton, raftor ,pf the parifh of Stanmere, in the county of Midand Giorgt Dru/dnat cfquire, .of certain lapds witlunthe. faid pafifh. •,	*>.,-•	.1

u	11.	An

A TttWjrf-ftc STATtJTfeS.

jfr Arflwdl tot qjtplain and amend a power veftfcd mjdhn flA#a?efqMire, to gram leafes, fo for aaft toneems Certain land*

the town or prethwfts of Eanutfler, qltod ttt Fryffagt) ind fdr the other ptWpefei therein mtri-uoned..

ii*An ad far rafting *h* eftate of DalzieU, lying in the couaty srf £**itnt, in JameTHamjtttn efquire, and ©triers, in fee tail, under the condmona and limitations within mentioned; aod forvefting in the laid Jkines Htomkon, his heirs and afligns, kfiet fimpk, the eftaee of Rtfetutfl, lying m the fame county, hitch thereof.	y

ty AnaKftfor Vetting part of the eftate of John *Tafhot efqtiire, iocm&i in (foecounty of f9SU*y iittaited by his will, in truftees, totefoM^atid-for applying the monies arifibg by fuch fale ia difclUrging the incumbrances affedting the fame.

s^J^Aei ofilfor replacing tfcefom of five thoufarid five hundred pound** railed by fade of fie thousand two hundred and fix poagftv^ifottF ffcHNngs, three peretntufti confohdated annuities, part of-thoufimd'pounds, like annuities, mentioned ai the MM triage feftlcment of John Dairympli efquire, and Eleanor hu wtfcy and applied in the purchafe of certain freehold, leaft-hoM, and copyhold eftates, in the county 6f Southampton y and fog Sifting fitch eftates in Edward Mot ant efquire.

*5^ M aA tocnaMc the truftees named in the Wifi of Samuel fgWeevlefiqtttre^ •deeeafod, to make leVfes of certain parts of th« efiatca* theiiby^itevifed^ and for vefting part of the timber On certain dtber parts of the devifed eftates in truftees to bt fold, fcc*taq>tftyofes theftskt mentioned:

«6J»Aei ad far dividing and aHdttmg part df^he tovto fields, aaiftfa ehple of the mm ^iten, of ftiritigtoh, in the pafrilh of Warden*, in-she county of mrthmherland;

rp* AnadNbr^&vidftig and-inctofing certain commons, waft* lands, and cOmnioriabte places, witjiin the manor and parifll Of

*i.,	fordiVidwig and inelofing the commons, wafte

laivta^jCMjenortable snoods, and commonable places, within the manor and parifll of Kingfwinford, in the county of Stafford.

Ufr Aik a& for dividing and inelofing a large tra<51 of common or wafte ground, called Loxley Cbace, lying part within the ma-nor oi Shtffhld, and part within the manor of Wadfieyy and alfo certain other commons or wafte grounds, and certain common iieUa: and mefne inclofures within the faid manor of JVadJley% all within the parifh of E<clesjieldy in the weft riding of the counry of York. *	♦ - * 4

jou Ati adt for, dividing and Inelofing the commons and wafte graamfewithin the manor and townfhip of.Etcleffeldy and the leveral foakc* or diftri&s of Southey and Grennofirihy within the parifll of J&rfa/faAf, in the weft riding of the county of York. a*.' Airadl for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart,

ito-sfd to enable thc'ttuftees of the eftates devifed by the will of the late fir iVillim Rowley to apply part of the truft mo-,* -	>	'	qic*

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

ales in rebuilding the manfion houfe called	HaU%	an

offices, in the county of Suffolk.

23.	An ad for inverting the ertates late of Thomas Borin

efquire, deceafed, in the county of	in	truftees	to	b

fold, to raife money to be applied, under the diredion of th court of chancery, in payment of the debts, annuities, incum brances, and legacies charged upon and affe&ing the fame ertatea and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the opei

fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and commonable place: in Tugby, in the county of	Leicefte

25.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and improving the com mon arable fields, common partures, and commons or wadi 'grounds, within the townlhip of , in the parilh of Mid dltton, in the north riding of the county of York.

26.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral open fields

parcels of common fen, and other commonable lands and wadi grounds, within the parilh of Frampton, in the parts of Holland fn the county of Lincoln, and alfo certain plots of land callet The	Reaches,	Marjb, and Holmes's, in and near to the faid parid

of Frampton.

27.	An ad for verting part of the fettled ertates of the rev*

* rena John Dewes clerk, in the counties of ,	,	an:

- Devon, in trurtees, to be fold, and for laying out the moot]

arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof,, to the fame ufes.

28.	An ad to impower Margaret Bowes fpinrter, lieutenant

colonel Thomas Thoroton, and j4rtne b\s wife, and the reverent Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his wife, to grant leafes of tbeii fettled ertates in the county of Nand county palatine of	Durham; and for verting certain parts of the lame eftate:

. in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out. the purchafe mooej in other ertates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

29. An ad for verting part of the feveral ertates of

. Whitworth elquire, in the county of	, in trurtees, to b<

exchanged for part of his unfettled ertates in the feme county, of greater value.

The End rfthe T ABLES.

Digitized by L»ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GE O R G11 IIL Regis* Mag-nee Britannia, Francia, &* Hibernia** vicefimo fecundo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the thtrty-firjl day of Oftober, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty-firft year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by feveral prorogations, to the twenty-/eventb day of November, 1781; being the fecond feffion of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpeded of, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the ‘high feas, or the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ad to im power his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpeded of, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy;) which was to continue and be in free until the firfl day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and no longer: and whereas the jaid aft was, by four fubfequent afts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty'firfl years vf his prefent Majefty s reign, further continued until the firfl day ofJanuary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-Vol. XXXIV.	B	two,

Digitized by Google

Preamble.’

Ad of 17 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited; •

2	Anno	vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 2.	[1782.

two, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the Jaid firjl-mentioned aft Jhould he continued for a further term; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the and further authority of the feme. That the faid fir ft-Mentioned act, and continued till all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, and qualifications Jan. i, 1783. therein contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and ho longer.

C A P. II.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be tvifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thufand fevtn hundred and eighty-two, at 4 s. in the pound.

Perfons having in their cuftody fqch books, &c.

to deliver up the fame on one month's notice,

on penalty of 501.

Application of the penalty.

Her majefty the queen not chargeable;

XVI. A ND be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That all and every the perfon and perfons afore-faid, now or at any time hereafter having in his or their ctffto-dy, keeping* or poffeffion, any fuch books or papers afofefaid relating to the land tax, fhall, within the foace of ohe calendar itionth next after hotice in writing, figned oy three or more df the faid commiftioners refpectively, br a true copy thereof* given to, or left at the ufual place of abode of, fuch perfon or perfons, deliver and give up all fuch books and papers unto fuch perfon and perfons as the faid comtniffioners, by fuch no* tice, fhall order dnd appoint; Whofe receipt for the fame fhall be a good and fufficient difeharge to fuch perfon or perfons fo delivering fuch books and papers: and if any fuch perfon or perfons now, or at any time hereafter, having in his or their cuftody, keeping, or pofTeftion, any fuch books or papers, fhall refufe or neglect fo to deliver the fame within the time limited by fuch notice and demand made, he or they fhall, for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety whereof fhall be paid to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county wherein fuch offence fhall happen to be committed, and /hall by him be applied in aid of the land tax of fuch county, and accounted for by him accordingly; and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; atld fhall Be recovered, together with full cofts of fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, in which no efibin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XCVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the authority afbrefaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, fhall not charge, or be conftrued to charge, her majefty the Queen with the abovementioned duty or payment of four (hillings out of every twenty (hillings by the year, for or in refpect of any fums of money or annuities given or granted i	by

Digitized by

3-

1782.] Anno vlcefimo fecundo Gborgii HI. c.3.

by his Msjefty to her faid Majefty5 but that fuch fums of money and annuities, and her Majcfty, and her treafurers or re-ceirers^general for the time being, in refpedt of the fame, /hall be free and clear of all taxes, importions, and other publiek charges whatfoetef; any thing in this adt to the contrary not-wkhftanding.

CXXVIL Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fb much and fuch parts of this a# as relate to the payment of the monies arifing by the taxes and aftflinentsherein-before mentioned, by the refpc&ive collectors appointed by virtue of this adt, to the receivers-general of the feveral and refpedtive counties and places aforefaid j and alfo to the times and manner of paying the fame into the receipt of his Majefty*s exchequer, by the faid refpedtive receivers-general as aforefaid; and alio to the allowances to be made to the faid re-fpedtive receivers-general and collectors, may be repealed, altered, abridged, or varied, by any adt or ads to be pa(Ted in this prcfent feffion of parliament.

Claofc of loan at 4l« 10 s. per cent. Bills to bear intereft at 4U sot* per cent, per ann.

CAP. III.

An ail for continuing and granting to bis Majejly or tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year otu thou-Jani/even hundred and eighty-two.

XXtf. JND whereas by an aft, made in the Jixth year of his ** Majejly s- reign, [intituled. An adt for repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an adt made in the third year of his prefent Majeity’s reign; and for granting other du-» ties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually fecuringthe duties on cyder and perry impofed by feveral former ads); a duty after the rate of fixteen /hillings and eight-pence per bestead was, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoupmd /even hundred and fixty-fix, bid upon all cyder end peny which Jbmldbe made in Great Britain, andfienl or configned to any fuftor 6r agent who Jbould receive the fame to fell or dijpofe of, to be paid bjjmh faSor or agent: and whereas by the faid adt it was provided,, Toot if arty faflor or agent Jbould, during the continuance of an adt J the faid fixth year of his Majejly s reign, for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, forth fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it charged with and pay the duty of four JhiUings per hogfhead upon an) quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon lim or her as receiver thereof, fuch faflor or agent Jbould, for every hcgjhcad of fuch cyder or perry fio charged, fiand difcharged of four JbilHngs, part of the faid fixteen JhiUings and eight-pence; and it was thereby declared. That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no cafe wbatfoever fhould be chargeable with more than fixteen /hillings and tighupence per hogfhead: therefore, to prevent any doubts or difficulties with refpeft to the charging or payment of the duties hereby B 2	continued

Digitized by Google

Certain parts of this aft liable to be repealed, U c, during the prefenUcflion.

Claufes in an

aft 6 Geo. 3. c. if, recited.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii IIL c.4,	[178a#

continued •or granted, W to fecure the cyder and perry, jTt the poj~-feffion of fuch faftors and agentr, from being liable to a greater duty than cyder or perry which Jhall be received or difpofed of by other per-fons will be fubjeft to; be it enadt^d and declared by the autho-Where the rity aforefaid, That in cafe any cyder or perry (hall be received duty granted jnt0 the cuftody or pofleflion of any fadlor or agent, for which cyder or per-1 *l appear, by a certificate, under the hand of the proper ry, in cultody officer of excifc, that the duty continued or granted by this adfc of a fa&or, (hall have been charged for fuch cyder or perry, fuch fadtor or fliall be certi- agent (hall, for every hogfhead of fuch cyder or perry fo charge bee^charged ^anc^ difeharged of four (hillings, part of the (aid duty of thefadlor * fixteen (hillings and eight-pence; and that cyder and perry (hall be dif- (hall not, in any cafe or cafes whatsoever, be charged or charge-charged able with any higher or larger duty or duties in the whole (in-thereef. eluding the duty continued or granted by this adt) than after the rate of fixteen (hillings and eight-pence per hogfhead, for or on account of the fame being in the cuftody or pofleflion of '	all or any of the perfons liable to pay any duty or duties in re-

fpedfc thereof.

Claufe of loan at 4I. 10 s. per cent.

Number of forces 49*5S» including 4,175 invalids.

CAP. IV.

An aft for punifbing mutiny and defertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. XT7HEREAS the raifmg or keeping a /landing army within VV this kingdom in time of peace, unlefs it be with the confent of parliament, is againjl law: and whereas it is judged necejfary by bis Majejlyy and this prefent parliament, that a body of forces fhould be continued for the fafety of this kingdom, the defence of the pojfefjions of the crown of Great Britain, and the prejervaiion of the balance cf power in Europe; and that the whole number of fuch forces fbould confiji of forty-nine thoufand four hundred and fifty five effiftive meny including four thoufand one hundred and feventy-five invalids : and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limby or fubjefted in time of peace to any kind of puni/bment within this realmy by martial lawy or in any other manner than by the judgement of bis peers, and according to the known and ejlabli/hcd laws of this realm; yet never-tbelefsy it being requifitey for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their dutyy that an exaft difcipline be obfervedy and that faU diers who Jhall mutiny, or Jlir up /edition^ or Jhall defert his Ma-jefly s ferviccy be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy puni/bment than the ufual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletpbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon, being muftered or in pay as an officer, or who is or fliall be lifted or in pay as a foldier, (hall, at any time during the continuance of this adt, begin, excite, caufe, or join in, any mutiny or fedition in the regiment, tfoop,

or

Every officer, or private man, during the continuance of this a 6t,

who (hall mutiny or defert, &c.

Digitized by L,ooQle

5

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 4.

or company, to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majefty's land or marine forces, in his Majefty’s fervice, or (hall not ufe his utmoft endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, lhall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer 5 or fhal! ro/ibehave himfelf before the enemy; or (hall (hamefully or abandon abandon or deliver up any garrifon, fortrefs, port, or guard, *nV f^rtlc^» committed to his charge, or which he (hall be commanded to *c# defend ; or (hall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrifon, fortrefs, or port, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame; or (hall fpeak words, or ufe any other or (hall induce means to induce fuch governor or commanding officer, or	do

others, to milbehave before the enemy, or (hamefully to aban-	1

don or deliver up any garrifon, fortrefs, poll, or guard, committed to their refpe&ive charge, or which he or they (hall be commanded to defend ; or (hall leave his pod before relieved; or (ball be or (hall be found fleeping on his poft; or (hall hold cprrefpond-cnce with, or give advice or intelligence to, any rebel or enemy his poft, of his Majefty, either by letters, meflages, (igns, or tokens, in or hold cor. * any manner or way whatfoever; or (hall treat, or enter into refpondence any terms with fuch rebel or enemy, without his Majefty’s li- wi.th * rCh?nc“ cence, or licence of the general, or chief commander; or (hall JJJwfty ** firike or ufe any violence againft his fuperior officer, being in or ^a|j the execution of his office; or (hall difobey any lawful com- or difobey his mand of his fuperior officer; cr (hall defert his Majefty’s ler- fuperior offi-vice; all and every perfon and perfons fo offending in any ofctri the matters before-mentioned, whether fuch offence (hall be foal* differ committed within this realm, or in any other of his Majefty’s death, or fuch dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land, or upon the fea, a^u^^ar-* (hall fuffer death, or fuch o.ther puni(hment as by a court-mar- tial (hall in-tial (hall be awarded.	(lift.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That Non commif-any non-commiflioned officer or loldier inlifted or in pay in any fioned officers regiment, troop, or company, who (hall, without having firft	v

obtained a regular difeharge therefrom, inlift himfelf in any other r?gi- Y other regiment, troop, or company, (hall be de9med to have ment, &c. to deferted his Majefty’s fervice, and lhall in like manner fuffer bc deemed death, or fuch other puni(hment as by a court-martial (hall be ddcrtcrs* awarded.

General court-martial not to confift of lefs than 13* (except within the garriion of Goree, &c.) and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer mext in feniority, not under the degree of a captain j (except in the gar-of Goree, where they are to confift of five at le^ft). In fentences of death, nine officers (hall concur, except in the garrifon of Goree.

VII. And be it further enafled and declared. That in the Deferter may , caic of any foldier tried and convi&ed of defertion, whenfoever ** adjudged ! the court-martial, which (hall pafs fentence upon fuch trial, corprabroad^ (hall not think the offence deferving of capital punilhment, fuch for life, or court-martial may, inftcad of awarding a corporal puni(hment, for a term Qf

B 3	adjudge	Xcarst

6

Anno viccQmo fccundo Georqii III. c.4..	[1782.

adjudge the offender, if they (hall think (it, to ferve as a fol-dier in any of the corps ftationed in any of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the Teas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence: but returning and if fuch foldier (hall afterwards (without leave from his Ma-without leave jefty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he ration of fuch	aPPomtc<* to ferve) return into this realm, or the king-

term, he (hall d°m °f Ireland^ before the expiration of the term limited by fuffcr death, fuch fentence, and (hall be convided thereof by a court-martial, he (hall fuffer death.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed and declared. Proceedings That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, (hall be charg-copkVthere- c<* chargeable with any (lamp-duty whatfoever; any thing of, not liable contained in any former ad or ads to the contrary notwith-to ftamp-du- (landing.

No waggon, &c. to carry above 50 hundred weight. No volunteer liable to procefs, untefs for Come criminal matter, or unltfe for a real debt of the value of 101.

Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Where any

corps beyond Teas (ball be relieved in order to return home, fuch of the men as (hall chufe may be inliil-ed, and incorporated with thole appointed to remain; the occafion of quitting fuen former corps to be recited in the inlilting certificate.

LXVIT. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from the palling of this ad, no foldier, being arrefted or confined for debt, in any prifon, gaol, or other place, (hall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of fuch arreft or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he (hall belong.

LXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That when and as often as any regiment or company (hall be relieved at any fta-tion or place beyond the Teas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers thereunto authorifed by the commander in chief, at fuch ftation or place refpedively, to inlift as many of the fol-diers belonging to fuch regiment or company, returning tc Great Britain or Ireland, as (hall be willing, and who (hall appear to be fit for fervice, and to incorporate them in any regiment or company which (hall be appointed to remain; and every foldier fo inlifted (hall be, and is hereby deemed to bc} difeharged from the regiment or company in which he befon ferved ; and the occafion of his quitting fuch former corps (ha! be recited in the inlifting certificate; a duplicate, or an atreftefl copy whereof* fhall be delivered to fuch foldier, to proted hid from being any-ways molefted upon fufpicion of his havin(

deferted.

LXXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* In what cafes faid, That this aeft (hall be conftrued to extend to the ifiands < this a& (ball Jerfey, Guernfeyy Alderney, Sark, and Many and the i(lan< fel^Gueni/ev"' thereto belonging* as to the claufcs therein for muftering an Ucl **	and t0 the provifions for the trial and puniftunetit c

officers and foldiers who (hall be charged with mutiny or defei tion, or any other of the offences which arc by this a St declare to be punilhable by the fentence of a general court-martial

afl

Digitized by

Google

j;$*.]	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 4.	7

and alfo to tbe claufes which relate to the punilhmertf of per-ibns who (ball conceal defertcrs, or (hall knowingly buy, exchange* or otberwile receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the King, front any fioldier or de-feiter, or who Stall caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed.

LXXXI. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cafes, and	As often	as it

particularly in fucb matters, wherein any of his Majejly’s marine	ft all	be	necef-

fsrces may be inter efied% that officers of the marines Jball be officiated with officers of the land forces for the purpofe of bolding court s-mar-	marine

tiol> be it enabled and declared. That when and as often as forces may k may be neceflary, it (hall and may be lawful for officers of fit >0 conjunc-fhc hod and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts- tio» upon ^ BirriaJ, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or lbldier of i’wwr" the land forces, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as 9 if fuch courts-martial were compofed of officers of the land taking rank forces only \ and the officers of the land and marine forces are, according.to iofuch cafes, to take rank according to the feniority of their ^hdrcom-compuffions in either fervice.	millions.

LXXXII. And9 for tbe better afiertaining the number of effective met of tbe regiments of militia, when embodied and in atiual fervice 9 he it tna<9ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after Militia and the palling of this a&, every regiment or corps of militia and forcible men, fencible men, when embodied and in actual fervice, (hall be JJJJ^jce" regularly muttered by commifiaries appointed fQr that purpofe, to be regu-9 in tbe fame manner, and as often as the army is ufually mufter- larly muttered; and the magistrates (hall have the fame powers and autho- ed> Verities, and both officers and men (hall be fubjedt to the fame regulations, reftridtioqs, and penalties, as are impofed on the officers and fddiers of the army by virtue of this adt.

LXXXIII. And whereas the time of fervice in the militia is limited to three years, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Names of mi-That the officer commanding each regiment or corps of mi- fitia men, See. litia, or fencible men, (hall certify, on the back of the mufter- j" j^months roll, the names of thofe men who are within fix months of the of tbeexpi-timeof the expiration of their fervice, and alfo the number of ration of their m$n which have been inrolled fince the laft mufter, diftinguifh- ftrvjce, to be ing the ballottcd men from the fubftitutes; and every man fo ^back^Tf inrolled (hall be intitled to receive his pay from the time of his the mufter-iorolloaent.	roll.

LXXXIV. And be it further enadled by the authority afore,-faid, That this a<3 (hall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth day of March, inihe year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, until the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year 01 our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and (hall be and continue in force in Jerfey9 Guern/ey, Alderney, SarJty and Many and the iftands thereto belonging, as to fuch pans thereof as relate to thole places refpe&ively, from the thirtieth day of Aprily in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, until the firft day of May> in the year of	/

B 4	our

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.5.	[1782.

our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and lhall be and continue in force, within the ifland of Mine^ca^ and garrifon of Gibraltar, and in his Majefty’s other dominions beyond the feas, as to fuch parts thereof as relate to thofe places refpeftively, from the twenty-fourth day of Marcb% in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, until the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* four.

LXXXV. Provided nevcrthelefs, and be it further enafted. His Majefty That the powers by this aft given to his Majefty of granting his w^rfn^tothe warrant to governors of Minorca and Gibraltar, and or his governors of Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas refpeftively, or to the per-M noica and fon or perfons there commanding in chief his Majefty's forces f jr^noidin &C* ^or t*tnc	f°r convcn*ng> or authorizing any officer,

courts-mar- not un<*er degree of a field officer, to convene general courts-tial, immedi- martial for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces ately after the under their refpeftive command, (hall commence immediately paffing of this from an(j after the pafljng 0f this aft; and that it (hall be law-'	ful for fuch governor or perfon commanding in chief, and any

officer by them, refpeftively authorifed, to proceed and aft by virtue of fuch warrant from and after the day on which fuch 1 governor or perfon commanding in chief (hall receive the fame.

nqu nd I

C A P. V.

An att for the regulation of his Majejly's marine forces while on

Jbore.

XXXVII. AND, in order to prevent all doubts which may arife JLJL in relation to puni/king offences committed againfl former afts of parliament, made for the regulation of the marine forces Offences	while on Jhore,	be it enabled ,by the authority aforefaid, That all

a^ainft former crimes and offences which have been committed agaiftft any enquired of l^e f°rmer a<^s *n l^at behalf, (hall and may, during the continuance of this prefent a<51, be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punilhed, before and by the like courts, perfons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed againft this prefent aft may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and puniftied.

perion be ua- XXXVIII. Provided always, That no perfon (hall be liable bie to be tried to be tried or puniftied for any offence committed, againft any for offences 0f the former a&s, which (hall appear to have been com-t^hreeyea^* rnitted more than three years before the iftuing of the commif-beforeXiffuing fion or warrant for fuch trial 5 except only for the offence of the warrant defertion.

cept in cafes No volunteer liable to procefs, unlefs for fome criminal matter, or un-of defertion lei* fora real debt of the value of 201.

only;	XLI.	And	be	it further enafted. That, from the palling of

Mannes whde this aft, no marine, being arrefted or confined for debt, in any debt^not to prifon, gaol, or other place, lhall be intitled .to anjr part of his receive pay.	.	pay

and punithed as under this aft:

Provided no perfon be lia-



Digitized by

Google

1782.]	Anno vlcefimo fccundo Georgii III, c. 6.	9

\ pay from the day of fuch arreft or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he (hail belong.

XLV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cafes, par lieu- A* often at it lorly where a fufficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently cfcmbledy or in matters wherein any of his Majefys land forces may oT^marine fi inter efted, that officers of the land fortes jhould be ojjociated with and land the marine officers for the purpoje of holding courts-martial; be it force* may fit raa&ed and declared. That when and as often as it (hall be >n conjunction neccffary, it (hall and may be lawful for officers of the marine	’

and land forces to fit in conjundion upon courts-martial, and	*

to proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch courts-mar- taking rank tial were compofed of marine officers only; and the officers of according to the marine and land forces are, in fuch cafes, to take rank ac- thefenioritf cording to the feniority of their commiflions in either fervicc. ni&ZUg?0**

CAP. VI.

An aft for beeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during !	the	time	therein	mentioned.	*

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publitk fervice, that Preamble.

the fnteral regiments and corps of militia Jhould be made and kept as complete as pcffible during the courfe of the enfuing campaign : and whereas the time. of ballotting for many regiments and corps, or forts of regiments and corps, will happen betvjeen the months of March and December next enfuing, whereby fuch regiments and corps will, during that period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for fervite: and whereas the provifions in two acts of parliament, one made in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, 1SGeo.3c.59. An ad to amend and render more effedual the laws relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to eftablifh certain regulations with refped to officers ferving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned;) and the other made in the nineteenth year of bis prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad to explain, 19000.3.0.7*. amend, and render more effedual, the feveral laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provifions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland;) which were intended to prevent in [me degree this inconvenience, have been found injufficient: for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and imme- Colonels, &c. diatdy after the paffing of this ad, the colonels and command- of militia, in ants of the feveral regiments and corps of militia, in which re- whofe regi-giments or corps the time of fervice of any private militia men	fer_

will expire between the firft day of April and the firft day of De- vice of any*

cember private men

Digitized by Google

IO

will expire between April i, and Dec. i, are to enquire of every fucn nan if he is willing to continue his fervice for a further term of three years.

Colonels, Zee. to return lilts of fuel) merr who are willing to continue, Zc c. to the clerks of the general meeting*,

which clerks, deputy lieut. Zee. are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to ferve inftead of thofe whole times will expire as aforefaid.

Clerks of fub-i divifion meetings to fend lifts of the names. Zee. of militia men fworn in to the commandant of the corps to which they belong, & c..

Anno vicefuBO fecundo GeoRGH III. [i782

umier next enfuing, (hall, and they are hereby refpcftivriy re* quired forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the (fid *9 of the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, to every fuehpri-vate-maq* and to enquire if he is willing to continue his forvice for a further term of three years, and for what fum or pries he (hall be fo willing to continue it, if required.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch colonel and commandant of every fuch regiment and corps of militia, (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a lift as well of fuch private militia men as are willing to continue (b to ferve, as of all others whofe times of feryicc will expire between the firft day of April* and the firft day of Decmbtr, next enfuiag, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or riding to which fuch regiment or corps (hall refpebtively belong, in like manner as is diredted by the faid recited or either of them; and all clerks of general meetings, clerks of fob-divifion meetings, deputy lieutenants, juftices or the peace, and all other perfons concerned, are hereby refpebtively authorifed and required, upon the receipt of fuch lifts, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to ferve in the militia, in the place of thofe whofe times will expire as aforefaid, and for that purpofe to execute all the powers and diredlions given by the faid recited a&s, or any other adt or abis of parliament refpebting the militia forces of this kingdom, as if all the claufes, provifions, powers, matters, and things, contained in any of the (aid ads relating to the premifes, were repeated and re-enadted in the body of this prefent adt.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when and as often as any militia men (hall be ballotted for and fworn in, in the manner herein-before directed, the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings rcfpebtively (hall forthwith give notice •thereof, and tranfmit a lift of the names and places of abode of fuch militia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or corps of militia to which they (hall belong$ and every colonel or commandant of fuch regiment or corps of militia is and are hereby authorifed from time to time to difeharge of thofe men whole times will fooneft expire, a number equal to thofe who are ballotted for and fworn in, and in readinefs to joiir his regiment or corps, fo as to keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned.

CAP. VII.

An adt for further continuing an adt, made in the nineteenth year of the

reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation of fine orgia*

zined Italian thrown (ilk in any Bups or vcfteU, for a limited time.

Adt 19 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited j and further continued until March as, 1783,

-CAP.

Digitized by

Google

II

17**.] Anno vicefimo fee undo Georgii III. c. 8. CAP. VIII.

An wBt far raffing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eAablifhmg a lottery.

Preamble. 13,500,000!. to be raifed by annuities, and 405,000!. by a tottery. Contributors to the fum of 13,500,0001. to be intitled tor each 100 L to an annuity of 1001. at 3I. per cent, per ann. and to a further annuity of 501. at 4I. per cent, per ann. the firll to commence on the 5th of jan. 1782, and the other on the 5th of April, 1781, and alfo to be intitled to a further annuity of 17 s. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of Jan. 178a, and then toceafe; which (hall be charged upon a fund to be elta-bfiihed this feffion,and collaterally on the finking lund. To be paid each half yearly. Every contributor of x,oool. fhall, upon payment of 301. more, be intitled to three lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and the whole 13,500,0001. tor annuities fub-feribed, and the whole 405,0001. for the lottery, and 15I. percent. d«-pofited on each. AU perfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the aforeiaid refolution, are required to pay the remainder of their fubferip-tioos, viz. for the annuities 101. per cent, on the izth of April, 1782. 101. per cent, on the 7th of May, 101. per cent, on the 13th of June, 10 h per cent, on the 19th of July, 151. per cent on the aad of Auguft, 101, per cent, on the toth of Sept. 101. per cent, on the 24th of October, and the remaining 101. percent, on the 26th of November; and for the lottery 20 L per cent on the 28th of May, 1782, 251, per cent, on the 9th of July, sol. per cent, on the 10th of Sept, and the remaining 20I. per cent, on the nth of October. Subscribers to the annuities and Tottery to be allow-* ed intereft for all monies paid in advance, at the rate of 3I. per cent, per ann. Subfcribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of tbtir fubfenp-tkms, fhall receive tickets to the amount thereof at the rate of 101. for each ticket. Subfcribers to the 13,500,0001. intitled to annuities of 3I. per cent, and 41. per cent, as aforeiaid, till redemption by parliament, and to the annuities of 178. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of July, ,178s, and then to ceafe. To be paid half yearly, the 31. per cent, on the 5th of July and die fifth of January, and the 4I. percent, on the loth of O&obtr and the 5th of April, and the annuities of 17 s. 6d. on the 5th of July and the 5th of January yearly; but not payable till the whole fume fubferibed are paid. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, See. Cafhier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received f which fhall be affignable. Cafhier to give fecarity to the good liking of the commiffioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commi {Turners of the treafury impowered to apply the money paid the cafhier, A book to be provided in the accountant-general’s office, in which contributors names fhall be entered. See. After contributors fhall have paid their fubferiptions, they will be intitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft; which fhall be tax-free. Subfcriptions paid in part, and not completed, the Turns paid fhall be forfeited to the publick, and all right to their refpe&ive annuities extinguifbed. As foon as contributors have completed tbeir payments, the fums fubferibed fhall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit; and fhall be arguable. Annuities charged on the fund to be eftabltfhed for payment thereof. Governor, &c. of the bank, to appoint a chief ca/hier and accountaot-general. From time to time monies to be ifTued at the exchequer to the chief cafhier, for payment of annuities created by this adt. Accountant-general to examine receipts ai)d payments. Annuities to be deemed perfbnal eitate. Books to be kept by the accountant-general, wherein fhall be entered all transfers of Turns advanced on this aft, which entry fhall be Tigned by the party making Tuckt transfer, or his or their attorney authorized by writing under hand and leal; and the party to whom fuch transfer is made {hail fign his or her acceptance, aad no other method good in law. Perfons ponefled of flock may devife the fame by will, &c. Commiflioners of the treafury impow,

crcd

)igiti 1 C;

12

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 8.	[1782

ered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this aft; The 3I. per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be added to the 31, per cent, confols. transferable at the bank. The 4I. per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be added to the fame fund as the 4I. per cents, granted by the lottery afts of ao and ai Geo. 3. The annuities of 17 s. 6 d. per annum for 78 years, to be added to the confolidated long annuities of i, s, 4, and ao Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be efta-blifhcd this Itflion. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 405,0001. to be railed by a lottery ; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Guardians having the difpofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, &c. Managers and direftors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Every leaf of the lottery books to be divided into three columns, in each to have a ticket) printed in the following form, to the number of 40,500 in each. The ticket.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in purfuance of an aft patted in the twenty-fecond year of his Majefty’s reign, be intitled to fuch beneficial chance as (hail belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purfu-auce of the faid aft.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of the monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filkj and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Other books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40,500 tickets are to be printed. 14,338 to be fortunate tickets, a of 20,0001. each, 2 of 10,0001. each, 2 of 50001. each, 4 of aoool. each, 8 of toool. each, 20 of 500I. each, 50 of xool. each, 250of 501. each, 1,400 ot 201, each; 5001. to each firft drawn ticket of the firft five days; 10001. to ditto the 10th and 15th days; aoool. to ditto the 18th day; 30001. to ditto the aift day; and aoool. to the latt drawn. Tickers of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and put into a box marked withithe letter (B). Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782, in the ufual method, and to continue from day to day (except Sundays, Chrift-mas-day, Thankfgiving and Faft-days) until all the faid fortunate tickets are drawn. Number ot the fortunate tickets and Aims to be printed. Dif-putes to be adjutted by the managers. Forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring, or willingly afting or attlftuig in forging or counterfeiting any ticket, certificate, or order made by this or any former lottery aft, or altering any number, figure, or word therein, or uttering, vending, bartering, or difpofing of any fuch falfe, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket, certificate, or order, or bringing any fuch ticket, certificate, or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein (hall have been altered, (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of them, or to the cafhier or calhiers, or accountant-general of the bank of England, for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons wbat-foever, with a fraudulent intention ; or (hall willingly aid, abet, affift, hire or command any perfon or perfons to commit any fucb offence, felony without benefit of clergy: and the faid managers and direftors, or any two or more of them may caufe any perfon bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeited ticket or certificate, or aiding, abetting, &c. there-in, to be apprehended and committed to gaol to be proceeded againtt according to law. Offenders (notin prifon) difeovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 501. reward. Provifo: attainder not to work or make corruption of blood, lofs of dower or diflierifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn by two or more other managers. The oath.

Y A. B. as a manager and direftor of the lottery to be drawn in purfu-JL ance of an aft of parliament, .made in the twenty fecond year of his

LOTTERY anno 1781,

Majefty’s

J7S2.] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGii III. 0.9,10.'	13

Majefty's reign, do fwear, that I will faithfully execute the truft repbfed in nej and that I will not ufe any indireft art or means, or permit or dire ft any perion to ufe any indireft art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, formyfelfor any other perfon wbatfoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavour to prevent any undue or finifter praftice to be done by any perfon whatfoever ; and that I will, to the belt of my lodgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft.

Calhier may receive the Aims fubfcribed before receiving the lottery book* giving a note for the fame; which (hall intitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10I fo paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit the Aims paid with refpeft to the lottery) and tee tickets for fuch fums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commiffi-oners of the treafury may reward the managers, See. as they lhall think At.

The 405,000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this feffion ; and (hall- be paid to the proprietors, without any deduftion, on March i, 1783* &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, See. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies* or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of 101. Perfons (bed in execution of this aft* may plead the general lfTue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence9 and recover treble cods.

CAP. IX.

M aGt for reftifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffioners appointed, by an aft made in the lalt fcfiion of parliament* to put in execution an aft made in the fame feflion, intituled, An aft for grant-1 ing an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, tor the (ervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one j and for appointing other commifiioners, together with thofe named in the firft mentioned aft, to put in execution an aft of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great.Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufond feven hundred and eighty two.

CAP. X.

jin aft for the better detaining, and more eafy exchange of American prifoners brought into Great Britain.

Wf HERE AS, Jince the commencement of the prefent war, ex- Preamble.

changes of prifoners taken in America, or conveyed to America, hove been there regularly made, with advantage to his Majefty's fervice: and whereas it may be liiewife convenient for the ja'id fervice, that American prifoners brought into Great Britain Jhould be detained, and exchanged, in the fame manner; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, His Majefty That, from and after the parting of this aft, it may and (hall be authorifedto lawful for his Majefty, during the continuance of the prefent deta,n> a*pn-hoftilities, to hold and detain in fuch prifons or places'within ^fnhabitan^s Great Britain, as to his wifdom (hall feem fit, as prifoners of Qf the revolted war, all natives or other inhabitants of the thirteen revolted co- coloniestaken, j kmics not at his Majefty’s peace, who have been, or (hall be, ?nd hr°ught taken by fea or land, and brought into Great Britain: and it grti®ainr!at

Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGH III. c. i f,i®. [1782 0 (hall be lawful for his Majefty to difcharge any perfon or per-ibch ^ons ta^en and detained as prifoner or prifonersof war, eithei &c. absolutely, or upon fuch conditions, and with fuch limitations, or for fuch a time, as his Majefty (hall deem proper; as %\(o to authorife any commiffioner or commilfioners to difcharge oi exchange all and every perfon and perlons as aforefaid, according to the cuftom and ufage of war, and the law of nations ; regard being had in the (aid exchanges relative to officers in hit Majefty’s fervice, whether the faid officers have been made pri-foners in America or elfewhere, to the rank of the faid prifoners, and the length of time Gnce they have been taken : and the detention, enlargement, or exchange aforefaid, (hall be good am valid, any warrant of commitment, or caufe therein exprefled, or any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

An aft for allowing farther time to negotiate, by fodotfement* the bend; iffued in purfuance of an aft, made tn the fourteenth year of the mp oPhis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for more effeftually carryinj into execution certain propofols made by the moft noble Henry duke oi Buccleugb, the moft noble Charlei duke of Queenlberry and Dover, anc other*, for redeeming the amiuitiet granted by the company of thi bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known en der the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Aft 14 Gto. 3. c. ai. recited. Bonds ifibed by the dnkt of Boorieughf &c. for 500,0001, only *13,3001. part thereof paid * and by the greaf fall in the price of lands, foe. the remainder cannot be paid off within tb< time limite<y>y the faid former aft, therefore enafted, that the oatftand ing bonds to be negociable until June *4, 171s, and no looger. This de dared a publick aft.

An aft fer making compensation to the proprietors of certain meSuages lands, tenement*, and hereditament*, in the counties of Cornwall ant Devon, purebafed in purfuance of two afts of parliament, one made it the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fer better fecur ing his Majefty'* docks, (hips, and ftores, at Plymouth and Sheemeft and for better defending the paflfage of the river Thames at Gravefent and Tilbury Fort 5 and the other in the twenty-firft year of his prefen Majefty's reign, for explaining and amending fo much of the laid a £ as relates to die (ecuiity of his Majefty %s docks, (hips, and ftores, * Plymouth | and to certain proprietors aod occupiers of land at or neai Plymouth, who have fuftainea any lofs or damage in confequence c the faid afts.

Recital of so Geo. 3. c. 38. His Majefty’* letters patent, dated Aug. 1 17S0; and aft si Geo. 3. c. 61. Private*aft to Geo. 3. No. 48. to ena George lord Edgcumbe to grant building leafes of lands, &c. within I manor of Sronehoufe, otherwife Eaft Stonehoufe, in the county of Deve redittd. Commifttoner* met in the parifh of Antony, on Aug. *7,17! in the county of Cornwall, and upon the inqueft of twelve lawful m returned by the IherifF, decreed that the value of the melTuages, lands, 4 In Cornwall, in the faid aft si Geo. 3. mentioned, including two fm fwms to be paid as a fathfaftion for the damages done to a ropewalk I therto extending on a fmall part of the lands, by taking the fame for i life of the publick, was 1,954 k its. 11 d. in which fqm was included t •funs of 1,428!. os. 9d. halfpenny, as the value of lands belonging to 1

CAP. XI

CAP. XII.

Digitized by

ogle

rt«<] Anno vbefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 12.,

iral Thomas Grafts, and comprized in his marriage fettUment. An* ber meeting, had on Sep. 3, in the town of Dock, in the county of Dees when the commiifioners on the like inqueft decreed, that the value of *lands, tenements, fee. m the faid county, mentioned in the faid aft, dad'mg money allowed for cwfts, damages and cxpencet of the owners Ml oeeapkrs of lands, Scc. revetted, was 10,059!. 6 s. 6 d. exclusive of nds, &c. of lord vifeount Mount Edgcambe and Vallctort, in the manor f Stonebowfe, and in the faid fum was included 1,7*81. is. 6d. as the iJae of lands in the parifh of Maker, belonging to the faid lord Edg-nmbe, &c. comprized in his marriage fettiement. And as to the lands, t. in the manor of Stoneboufe, the laid lord Edgcumbe had propofed to rant a leafe thereof for 99 years, if three perfons nominated on behalf of is Majefty fhould fo long live, and at the yearly rent of 361. 7 s. 6 d. (be-lg at the,rate of 6d. per perch)- payable at *Lady day and Michaelmas lurof all taxes: which propofal was approved of by the commiflioners. Uetfemade and executed, dated Sept, *9, 1781.	16,414.1.	5s. 5 d. with

itereft, to be applied for making compenfatlon to proprietors of lands, ic. in Devonshire and Cornwall. Surveyor-general of the ordnance to ukeout bills for the feveral furos adjudged to the proprietors of lands, kc. Debentures to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid ij the treafarer. To be paid according to (be refpeftive decrees of the aomiffioner*. 1,41k!. os. 9d. halfpenny, the fum found to be the value if the ku>ds of admiral Graves, to be paid to certain trultees: who are to eveft the fame in the purchafe of a freehold eftate, to be fettled to the faeufes,fec« as the former lands; or place it out at intereft. 1,7181. is.6d» (be fen found to be the value of the lands of lord Edgcumbe, in the pa-of Maker, to be paid to certain trultees: who are to invell the feme ia the purchafe of a freehold eftate, to be fettled to the feme ufes, &c. as he former lands; or to place it out at intereft. Trultees anfwerable for their own negle&s only. The 40]. decreed to be paid to the dean and noons of the chapel of St. George in Windfor Caftle, (hall be paid to their ippintie, as a compenfation for their tithes a riling from lands in the county of Devon, within the parilh of Plymftock, to be laid out in the purchafe of mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee fimple. to be conveyed to the ufe oF the faid dean and canons, and their faccelfori for ever, and inftead of intereft 11. per ann. to be deduced out ot John Harris's rent for the remainder of his term of 11 years. All the fami of money to be made payable by debentuies (except the three fums btforeroentioned) (ball be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer j who (hall lign a certificate to the barons of, the exchequer on the receipt of each fum refpedlively. Such fums of money to be paid by the fepmy remembrancer into the bank. Barons of the exchequer impower-ed to make orders for payment of money to perfohs intitled to receive the fat, fee. The vicar of Anthony, redtor of Stoke Damerell, and vicar of Maksr, to have the yearly income of the money allotted to them. Takas tk feid valued lands for the ufe of his Majefty, exempt from taxes, nil not affect other lands in the feme parifh with regard to taxes, but the feme (hall remain fubjeft to taxes'as before. 195 1. with intereft, fa] be paid to the deputy remembrancer for a parcel of an undivided eighth part of land and a boathoufe in the polTcflion of Warwick Calfnady. Barooiof the exchequer to enquire who is intitled to the faid land and boatbonfe; and to order 60I. to be paid to the owner of the boathoufe. Ireftioosfor the barons of the exchequer relative to the difpofal of 1351. the aforementioned lands in the parifh of Plymftock, to be paid to ttie fee appearing intitled thereto in fee fimple $ but if only for forne limited* or intereft, then to be fettled accordingly : and if it appears that Hwick Calmady hath been m the uninterrupted pofleffioii of the faid iddedrighth part of the lands in the parifh of Plymftock for *0 yehrs,

4 do other perfon (hall make out any title thereto, the court may order s find 1351, and intereft to be paid to the faid Warwick Calmady. Wftttt Of tbe fliffi of 19$ I. to be at the difpofal of the exchequer. On fcmb dr removal of the deputy remembrancer, mortgages, See. to velt toftcccibr. If the rtnfcmbrancer fhooki execute the office in perfon,

then

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii c. 13,14! [178:

then the powers by this ad veiled in the deputy, (hall veft in the remen brancer. In cafe perfons capable of receiving debentures ihall neglefi take the fame, Sec. after a month's notice in the London Gazette, to bed pofited by the clerk of the ordnance with the clerk of the peace of tl county where the lands, Sec. lie. Theleafe granted by lord Edgaimbet fir Richard Sutton confirmed. Sir Richard Sutton to be indemnified writ refped to rent, See. referved in the (aid leafe, by the officers of the on nance Limitation of adions for ading under this ad to be in fix month and the defendant may plead the general iffue, and give the fpedal mi ter in evidence, and have treble colts.

A(51 aft to continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the bett encouragement of the making of fail doth in Great Britain} to the ci couragement of the filk manufactures; and for taking off feveral dutii on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties § to the five in portation of cochineal and indico 3 to the prohibiting the importatic of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed, written, and printed i Great Britain; to fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail cloth, ar charging foreign made fails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty c the exportation of Britiih corn and grain in neutral (hips; to the alios ing the exportation of provifions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, t certain places in North America, which are or may be under the pt< tedion of his Majefty *s arms, and from fuch places to Great Britain, an other parts of his Majefty’s dominions ; to the impowering his Majetf to prohibit the exportation, and reltrain the carrying coaftwife, of cop per in bars, or copper in (heets; and to the allowing the exportation ( certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fuga colonies in America.

33 Geo. a. c. 17, for the encouragement of making fail cloth in Great Br tain, further continued until Sept. 19,1788, Sec. So much of 8 Geo. i.< 15, as relates to the encouragement of filk manufa&ures, &c. further cor tinued until June 14, 1788, &c.	7	Geo.	a.	c.	18,	for the free importatio

of cochineal and indico, further continued until Sept. 19,1788, Scc. S much of isGeo. s.c. 36, for prohibiting the importation of books r< printed abroad, Sec. as relates to prohibiting the importation of books n printed abroad, and firft written and printed in Great Britain, furth< continued until Sept. 39,1788, See.	19	Geo.	a.	c. 17, for fecuring the du

ties upon foreign made fail cloth, Sec. further continued until June v 1788, Sec. ao Geo. 3. c. 31, for allowing a bounty on the exportation < Britilh corn in neutral (hips, further continued until March 35, 1783, & so Geo. 3. c. 46, for allowing the exportation of provifions, Sec. to certai places in North America, further continued until June 1,1783. to Geo. c.59, imDOwering his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, Sec. of copper i bars or (heets, further continued until May r, 1783. So much of 16 Go 3. c. 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, Sec. to his Maj fty’s fugar colonies in America, further continued until May x, 1783.

An a# to explain, amend, and render more effiedual, an ad, made: the fixteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for making at maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge^ the county of Worcefter, to join the Staffordfhire and Worcefterfta canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford 3 and alfo twocc lateral cuts therein mentioned.

Ad 16 Geo. 3. c. »8. recited. Powers of the ad have been carried in execution, and the proprietors have expended the further fums of 500^ 30001. and 1330I. Power to raife a further fum of 10,0001.3 which fo^ 'as well as 30001. already raifed, (hall be made part of the companj

CAP. XIII,

CAP. XIV.

capi

Digitized by

i;S2.J Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. cm5—

capital. To enable executors, &c. to anfwer calls. The faid 13301. and intereftto be firft paid off. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered before juft ices of the peace by diftrefs of goods, and in default thereof, three months imprifonment. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-Boris. To be a publick aft.

CAP. XV.

An aft for the relief of naval officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, with refpeft to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Aft 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. recited. 17 Geo. 3. c. 7. 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. to Geo. 3. c.i]. si Geo. 3. c. 15. Seamen, &c. intitled to their prize or bounty money, if they claim it within four years after it (hall become due to Greenwich bofpital 5 provided they prove to the direftors of the faid hofpital their inability to claim the fame within the time limited by the recited aftst and the faid direftors may order the fame to be refunded, if paid to the bofpital. And if not, to be paid to fuch (eamen. See. as foon as received by their treafurer or his deputy, who is to be allowed fuch payment oa paffing his account.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in bis Majo-fly's (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefiels.

From the paffing of this aft until March *5,1783, merchant (hips, &c. may be navigated by three fourths foreign (eamen, notwithftanding the navigation aft is Car. s. c. 18. This aft not to reftrain Any royal proclamation to be made purfuant to an aft 13 Geo. %. c. 3.

C A P. XVIl.

Ad aft to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and God aiming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cobham bridge kept in repair at the joint expence of Tbo. Page, Efq; lord of the manor of Cobham; Richard Palmer, D. D. and Tbo. Huflt, Efq; lords of the manor of Walton upon Thames, by reafori of the tenure N of their refpeftive e(fates. Leatherhead bridge at the joint cxpence of the parifhes of Leatherhead and Fetcham, with the aid of the income of certain (mall.parcels of land of the annual value of 18 (hillings, and Go-dilming bridge at the expence of Jane More Molyneiix, fpinTter, by rea-foo of the tenure of her eftate. The bridges to be deemed county bridges, and repaired as fuch. Allowing.an appeal againft the proportion of county rates. The old bridges veiled in the clerk of the peace. Proprietors of Cobham bridge to pay 400). to the county treafurer. Certain pieces ofland in Leatherhead to be fold for the purpofes of this aft. Power to dig earth and make bricks. Expences of this aft to be paid by the trea-forerof the county out of money in bis bands. Aftions for afting under this aft not till thirty days after notice, norafter three calendar months. Defendant may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and have treble cofts. To be a publick aft.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for continuing the term and powers of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, breWcci for file, or vended within the town and parilh of Dalkeith.

Ad 13 Geo. *. c. 53. recited, and further continued for ai years. This a poHltck aft.

yoi. xxxiv.	c	cap.

Digitized by

Google

• /

18 ftnuo viccfimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 19—2i« ^1782^

CAP. XIX.-

An aft for granting an additional bounty on (hips employed in the Greea* land and whale fiftiery, for a limited time.

Aft 11 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited. An additional bounty of sot. per ton to be paid for all Britifh (hips which (hall proceed from this kingdom on the Greenland fiffiery, for five years, from the 15th of Dec. 1781, under the regulations in the recited act. Veffels, not provided with their full com-plement of men, may proceed to Lerwick in Shetland, and complete the number there; provided not more than two men are wanted for every 50 tons burthen $ and upon their return from the fifliery, the men taken m at Lerwick may be fet on (hore there. And the raafter or owners, on producing a proper certificate, Ac. to the officer at the port of arrival; and the matter or mate making oath that the men fo taken on board at Lerwick, proceeded from thence on the faid fifhery, and continued on board during the time the (hip was employed on that bulinefc, (hall be intttled to the bounty granted by this aft.

CAP. XX.

An aft to revive and further continue an aft, made in the (eventh year • of the reign of his prefent Majelty, intituled, An aft to difeontinut, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallowf hogs* lard, and grea(e.

Aft 7 Geo. 3. c. ss. recited, revived, and further continued until March *5,1785*

CAP. XXI.

An aft to extend fo much of two afts, of the twentieth and twenty-firft years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relate to the (ale of, and afoer* raining the duties upon, Eaft India goods, to tea, and all other goods of the growth, produft, or manufacture of China, or any country within the limits of the Eaft India company's charter, which have been, or Ibalf, during the prefent hoftilities, be brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize; for equalizing the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign fnuff into this kingdom; and for preventing the importation and runniug of foreign fpintuous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in veffels fitted out and armed as privateers.

Recital of 10 Geo. 3. c. 9. and 11 Geo. 3. c. 5. The recited afts, fo far as # they relate to goods of the growth, produft, or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, extended to tea, and all other goods of the growth, produft, or manufacture of China, or other part of the Eaft Indies, which has been, or (hall be, during the prefent hoftilities, brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize. Recital of 11 Geo. 1. c. 16. After May 1, 17*1, French fnuff to pay the fame duties on importation as other foreign fnuft. Foreign fnuff imported after May 1, 178s. to be loofe in cafks, chefts, or cafes, each containing three hundred and fifty pounds weight of net fnuft at leaft, and not to bus packed in bags, or in any other packages, in fuch calk, cbeft, or cafe, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch fnuft as (hall be imported contrary to this aft, together with all the calks, chefts, cafes, or other package containing the fame; and fuch fnuff may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, and fued for, profecuted, and difpofed of in the fame manner, and the officer fo feizing be intitled to, and allowed the fame reward as direfted by the aft 14 Geo. 1. c. 41. for fecuring the duties upon tobacco. Privateers which (hall be found at fea in any part of this kingdom at any diffance from the coafts thereof, having on board foreign * f u* C?wr*** brandy or other fpirits in any vellel lefs than 60 gallons, (except for the ot toU ltitott# ufc of the legmen on board), or tea* exceeding fix pounds weight, or

W.

Digitized by Google

»7*2-] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgn III. 0.22—24.

any other goods whatfoever, liable to forfeiture on being imported, then sot only all fucb goods, but alfo the (hip or veflel on board which they (ball be found, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel ro be forfeited, and the fame may be carried and delivered into the care aod cuftody of the colleftor and comptroller of his Majefty Ycuftoros, at any port in this kingdom, which (hall be neareft to the place where focfa (hip or veflel (hall be found, and the fame may be feized, profecuted, recovered and difpofed of, by fuch ways and rules, and in fnch manner and form, as fpch veflels and goods would be liable to by any law in force* if the fame bad been found, within the limits of any port of this kingdom j and the letters of marque or general reprizal, or any other coomiiffion granted for foch (hip or veflel, to be null and void.

An aft for better fecuring the duties payable by virtue of an aft of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coals, culm, and cinder*, into the port of Gre*t Yarmouth, in the oounty of Norfolk.

Aft 5 Annx,c. 7. recited. After Tone 1, 178s, the importers of coals, calm and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth, (hail, previous to the deariog of the (hip at the cuftomboufe, deliver to the water bailiff a figned account of the names of the owners, &c. upon oath. Any freeman of the corporation importing coals, 8cc, (haU deliver to the water bailiff, at his office, an account, on oath, of the quantity thereof. On default, the ftme dories (hall be paid as for coals, &c. the property of non freemen. If any freeman, being owner of any (hip, &c. or the importer of coals, &e. 00 hn own account, (hall not within the time limited, but afterwards deliver fuch account, on oath, as aforefaid, or if he refides at a diftance, or through infirmity or otherwife, cannot conveniently attend, may verify the (aid account by affidavit before a juftice of the peace, and in either cafe the whole doties paid to be returned, provided the (hipmalter have given in an account on oath as before directed., Perfons fwearing falfely to be deemed guilty of perjury. Publick aft.

An aft for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papiits, and for relief of proteftant purchafers.

Aft 3 Geo. 1. c. it. recited. 16 Geo. i.c. 4* 3, 6, 9, it, is, 16,19, si, *8, ji A 33 Geo. a. and 1,4, 7, is, 14,17 & 18 Geo.3. alfo recited. Deeds and willsof papifts,&c. made (ince Sept. 19,1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1781. This aft not to extend to deedi, &c. the validity whereof has been brought in queltion before Jan 1, 1781. Pnrrhafes made by proteftants not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not haring been inrolled, Ac. This aft not to make good any grant of the right of prefcnution to any benefice, Ac. in truft for any papift.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one tboufand (even hundred and eignty* two.

CAP. XXII.

CAP. XXIII.

- CAP. XXIV.

C A PL

Digitized by

Google

20

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgn III. c. 25. [1782.

Preamble.

CAP. XXV.

An at! to prohibit the ranfoming of flips or vejfels captured from his Majefly's fubjefls, and of the merchandize or goods ou board fetch flips or vejfels.

WHEREAS it is a common praflice3 when flips or vejfels are captured by the King's enemiesy or by other perfons committing afts of hoflilities, for perfons to agree with the captors for ranfom of the fame; and for Iscaring the Jlipulated ranfom^ not only to give boflogesy but alfo to bind themfelveSy or the owners, for the payment thereof: and whereas the practice of ranfoming is founds by expert ence3 to be liable to great abujesy and there is reafon to apprehend that; upon the wboUy it operates more to the difadvantage than for the benefit of bis Majejly's fubjefis: may it therefore pleafe your MajeAy that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, it (hall not be lawful for any of his Majefty’s . fubjeds to ranfom, or to enter into any contrad or agreement for ranfoming any (hip or veflel belonging to any of his Maje-fly’s fubjeds, or any merchandize or goods on board the fame, which (hall be captured by the fubjeds of any Hate at war with his Majefty, or by any perfons committing hoftilities againft his Majefty’s fubjeds.

II. And be it further enaded. That all contrads and agreements which (hall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and other conl^^a^v8l^Ien, ^ecur*t*es9 which (hall be given by any perfon or perfons for ran-con ra™ fo fom of any fuch (hip or veflel, or of any merchandize or goods on board the fame, contrary to this ad, (hall be abfolutely void in law, and of no effed whatfoever.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of .	.	JnnCy	one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, ranfom, or

co^trfdingto cnter *nt0 any contrad or agreement for ranfoming, any fuch ranfom, any (hip or veflel, or any merchandize or goods on board the fame, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVefiminflery in which adion no effoin, protedion* imparlance, or wager of law, (hall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void any contrad or agreement which (hall be entered into, or any bill, note, or other fecurity, which (hall be given, by any mafter of a captured (hip or veflel, or by any other perfon or perfons on board or belonging Jo the fame, for ranfom thereof,

r	or

Digitized by

After June i, 1781, yeflels, &c. captured by the enemy not to be ran-fomed.

All contrads made, and fe-

contrary to this ad, to be void.

Penalty on perfons ran-

(hip, &c. contrary to this ad.

Limitation of this ad.

21

1782.] Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. 0,26,27.

or of any merchandize op goods on board fuch (hip or veflel; or to infli<5t any penalty upon any mailer of any captured (hip orvcifleJ, or any other perfon or perfons on board or belonging to the fame, for ranfoming, or entering into any contrad or agreement for ranfoming, fuch (hip or veflel, or any merchandizes or goods on board the fame, until after the expiration of two months from the pafllng of this alt, for any (hip or veflel failing from any foreign European port; or until after the expiration of four months from the paffing of this all, for any (hip or veflel falling from any foreign port out of Europe,

C A P. XXVI.

in oil for providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his Majeftfs Jervice in the defence of the ijland of Minorca, and expefied to arrive foon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

WHEREAS certain foreigp troops, lately employed in bis Preamble.

Majejlys fervice in the defence of the ijland of Minorca, are txpeiled to arrive foon in this kingdom, and it is necejfary. quarters jbsuld be provided for fuch troops during their flay in Great Britain; be it enalted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid foreign troops (hall and may. Certain fo-during their continuance here, be quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters, in the fame manner, to all intents and ccHnriiede^" purpofes, as the Britijh troops now are; and that the billetting, fence of Mi-quartering, receiving, and providing for, fuch foreign troops, in norca, to be the manner aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to have been, ^5^ hcrc and to be legal, valid, and effe&ual, to all intents and purpofes **0^ whatfoever.

II. Provided always, and be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That this all (hall continue in force for fix months Continuance from the time of the arrival of fuch troops, and thence till ofthl5. twenty days after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for tbe more cafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the city of Kochcfter, and the parilhes of Strood, Frindfbury, Cobham,

Snome, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham,

Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheeraeli, in the county of Kent.

Commiffiooers; to hear and finally determine all caufes for the recovery of ill debts contracted within the city of^ Rochefter, and the feveral pa-rifhet and the ville beforementioned, above the ium of two (hillings and under tbe fum of forty (hillings, and are conftitmed a court of jultice by the name and ftyle of The Court of Requefts in the city of Rochefter. New com million er3 to be appointed in the room of thofe who (hall die, or be cWeo one of^the afliftants of the city of Rochefter, or (hall ceafe to be a householder, or remove out of the parith wherein he refided at the time of

C1	appoint-

Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. C. [1781.

appointment, or refufe or negleft to ad at a commiffioner for a year, at * yeftry of the parifti, for which fuch commiflioner was appointed, to be b olden in Rafter week then next following 5 and fuch appointment to b$ in writing under the hands of tbe churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of luch parifti, prefent at the time of fuch eleftion, and certified to tbe commiflioners at their then next court $ but in default of fuch el&Hon or certificate, the commiflioners, or any three or more may appoint an-other perfon, being an inhabitant, houfeholder, and refident in fuch parifti. Qualification of commiflioners to be an inhabitant, householder, and refident within the faid city, or in the feveral parilhes of St. Nicholas, St. Margaret, Sirood, Frindfbury, Chatham and Gillingham, and iii the aftual pi (Tcfiion and enjoyment of a real eftate of the clear yearly value of 30I. above reprizes, or (hall be pofTefTed of a perfonal eft ate to the amount or value of 500I and alfo to take the following oath.

I A. 8. do fwear, That I will impartially and boneftly, according to the beft of my judgement, hear and determine all fuch matters and cauiet as (hall be brought before me, as a commiflioner, by virtue of an aft of parliament, made in the twcnty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Third, for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of (mail debts, within the city of Rochefter, and the parithes of Strood, Frindfbury, Cobbam, fihorne, Higbam, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheern-iis, in the county of Kent, without favour or affeftion to any of the parties.

So help me GOD.

To be adminiftered by the clerk or deputy clerk to the faid court, or any one of the commiflioners, and a memorial thereof to be entered by the clerk in the regilter of the court. Perfont afting not being qualified, to forfeit and pay tor every offence sol. to any perion who (hall fue tor the fame, in any court of record, and the defendant is to prove his qualification or pay the penalty, without further proof by the profecutor than that he aftrd as a commifiioner. Commiflioners or any three or more of theot to hold courts at the guildhall of Rochefter on the fecond Friday in every month for ever, and may hear and finally determine all caufes tor the re. covery of debts contrafted within the faid city, parilhes and ville, as (hall be under the fum of 40 s. and above the fum of as. and to make fuch orders and decrees, and pronounce fuch judgements, and to award execution thereupon with coifs, againlt the body or goods and chattels of all perfons againft whom they (hall make fudi orders and decrees, as to any three or more of the commiflioners lhall appear juft in law, equity and good confcience. Commiflioners to hold fpecial quaiterly meetings at t e laid guildhall on the firlt Wednefday after Midfummer day, the firlt Tuefday after Michaelmas-day, the firft Tuefday after Chrittmas-day, and the firft Tuefday after Lady-day yearly, which may be adjourned to any time and place in the faid city, not exceeding 14 days. Commiflioners may make rules and orders for regulating their proceedings conformable to the direftions of this aft, but not to incrcafe or leflen the fees. Calling vote to be given by the mayor. See. or fenior commiflloner. George Gates, gentleman, the prefent town clerk, being an innhabitant, houteholder, and refident within the faid city, appointed clerk of the faid court} Richard Mizzen and Ifiac Mizzen (being inhabitants of the faid city) appointed ferjeants of the faid court, all during their good behaviour; and the commiflioners may at their firft or any fubfequent court appoint a deputy clerk (being an inhabitant of tbe (aid city). Commiflioners to appoint new officers on death or refignation, or removal out of the city of any of the former. Deputy clerk to be approved of by the clerk. Courts may fufpend ferjeants for raifbehaviour. Commiflioners to hear and determine upon complaints againft their officers, at fpecial meetings. Lift of the commiflioners to be put up in the court. Cleik to enter the decrees of the court in a book. Eight commiflioners to be fummoned to attend upon every court day. Commiflioners not fummoned, may attend.

ifi2.]	Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. C. 27.'

All the commifiioners to be fummoned to attend monthly meetings at which any officer is to be chofen, and at quarterly meetings, and to have fix days notice. A fufficient number not attending, the court to be adjourned to the next court or meeting. Mode of proceeding for recovery of debts of more than % s. and under 40 s* to be by fummons, to be ferved by the feijeant on the debtor perfonally, or by leaving the fame at his place of abode,fire, within the limits aforefaid, feven dap before the return. On proof of the fervice of the fummons, the commifiioners may make enquiry cooceming the demand, and pronounce final fentence or judgement, and mike fucb interlocutory or final orders and decrees touching the fame, and the colts of fuit, as (hall appear to be agreeable to juftice, equity, and good conscience. This a# (hall not extend to debts for rent upon leafe or contra#, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in queftion, or in or upon any other real contract, nor to any debt that (hall anfe upon or by reafon of any caufe concerning any lafc will or matrimonial contra#, or the breach thereof, or any thing properry belonging to the ecdefiaftical court s nor to any money won at or by any borfe-race, cock match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play 2 nor to any forfeiture upon any penal itatute 01 bye laws nor to any debt for the payment whereof there mall not have been a contra#, acknowledgment, undertaking or promife, within fix years before the taking out of the fum-mons for the fame, although fuch debt (hall not amount to 40 s. On non-appearance of the defendant, the commiffionera to proceed exparte the plaintiff on propf of the fervice of the fummons. Plaintiff not appearing, or not efUbhfhin* hit debt, to pay cofts, to be recovered as other debts and cofts, by orSn* of the commifiioners. Commiffionera impowered to adminifter oaths to the parties and witneffes. Penalty on wilful perjury, the fame as in other cafes of perjury. Commiffionera may award execution againft body pr goods : and the clerk or deputy may iffue a precept by virtue whereof the Serjeants may apprehend the party within the limits, and convey him to the common gaol of the faid city for the reception of debtors, there to remain till the decree or order De performed) but not looser than one calendar month, nor left than (even days; and fuch ira-pritoaraent to be deemed a full difeharge and extinguifhmont of the debt and colts. And the ferjeants on precept iffued upon the execution awarded again ft the goods of any fuck party, may levy by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch party, within the limits of this a#, fuch fura of money and cofts as (hall be ordered and decreed s and in cafe the party abfeonds, or (Secrets or removes his goods, or otberwife prevents or evades the fervice or effe# of fucb execution, and proof thereof made by the faid fer-jeant or other credible witnefs, (but not otberwife) the commifiioners may at their diferetion a ward execution againft body or goods dll the plaintiff is paid and fatisfied. Court may order debts to be paid by inftalments. On execution clerk to indorfe the debt and cofts t and if the defendant before a#ual fale of his goods, or before apprehended or his terra of im-prifonment not expired, pay or tender to the clerk or his deputy, the debt and cofts, and one (hilling more for his trouble of paying the fame to the plaintiff and entering acknowledgment of fatitfa#ion, andalfo two (hilling* for gaol fees (if in cuftody) the execudon to be fuperfeded, and the body and goods diicharged. Commifiioners may fufpend or fuperfede proceedings, where the defendant, by ficknefs or poverty, may be incapable of paying the debt. Serjeant tattering an efcape, See. by negle#, to pay debt and cofts. Gaolers to receive perfons committed. Creditors to allow 3 d. a day to debtors while in prifon. Penalty on not obeying a fiibpcena, to teftity ferved four days before return, and oath nude that he was a material witnefs, or refuting to give evidence, may be fined four (hillings, to be recovered as other debts, but not to be committed for more tharn two days. Fees to be taken by the officers.

Fees to be taken by the Clerk*

For entering every caufe, two pence.

Foriffuiog every fummons, four pence.

C*	Fa*

Ik

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.28. [1782.1

For every hearing or trial, two pence.

For (Wearing every witneis, plaintiff or defendant, two pence.

For every nonfuit, and entering the fame, ten pence.

For every attachment for the defendant's not appearing, ten pence#

For every execution, one (hilling.

For every acknowledgment of fatisfa&ion, (ixpence.

For every iubpcena, three pence.

For the payment of money into courtf (ixpence.

For every order, three pence.

For entering thereof, three pence.

For every warrant of commitment, (ixpence.

For fearching the books, two pence.

By the Serjeants.

For ferving every fummons or fubpcena, four pence.

For calling every witnefs before the court, one penny.

For calling the plaintiff or defendant before the court, two pence.

For every execution againft body or goods, one (hilling.

For every commitment for iqfults or mifbchaviour in the court, one (hilling#

By the gaoler#

For every commitment, two (hillings.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court houfe. Whole fees in any caufe - limited to 6 s. 11 d. to tbe clerk, and 3 s. 11 d. to the ferjeants, though luch . fees may amount to more by the table. Penalty on officers taking greater fees, not more than 51, nor lefs than 40 s. To be applied either to the relief of debtors in gaol, or to be paid to the overfeers of the poor where the perfon forfeiting (hall reiide, to be recovered as other debts s and fuch offence to be deemed a mifbehaviour. Deputy clerk to have half the clerk’s fees, or 13 s. 4d. for each day’s attendance, and no more. No commiffioner or officer to aft where interefted, or who (hall fell ale, &c. by retail. No attorney to be a commiffioner, or intitled to any privileges in this court, or employ ed as an advocate. Perfons infulting the court to be fined, not more than 20 s. to the poor of the parifli wherein the perfon (hall refide *ho committed the offence, and in default of payment may be com-, mitted to gaol for three days, or until payment. Copy of the foregoing • • claufe to be hung up in the court. No debt under 40 s. and upwards of ■ % s. to be fued for in any other court; except the faid court of requefts, and the court of portmote after mentioned. Saving the rights of the court portmote of Rochefter, conftituted by charter in the fifth year of King . Charles the Firft, This court not to interrupt or hinder the tranfafting the publick bufinefs of the city in the Guildhall. Limitation of aftions for afting under this aft, till ai days after notice thereof, nor after tender of amends, nor after 40 days after the caufe of aftion accrues, and to be laid in the county of Kent. The defendant may plead the general iffue, and may have treble cofh. Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the caufe of aftion other than what fhall be fpecifiea in the notice. To be a publick aft.

CAP. XXVIII.

An all for granting an additional duty upon tobacco and fnuff ; and for repealing certain duties payable upon the importation of brandy and	arrack, andfor granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefly's mojl dutiful and loyal	,	the

'	mens of Great	Britain, parliament ajembled, toward,

reiflng the	neccjfary fuppliesto defray your Majejiy's publick expenses.

bavi

Digitized by v^rOOQie

*5

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. e. 28.

have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Afa-fifty the fiveral impofls and duties herein-after mentioned 5 and do mfl humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, From June xt and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and 178*, an ad-upon all tobacco which, from and after the firft day of June, ditiooal one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above tobacco im-all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already impofed thereon, an ported) additional duty of four-pence for every pound weight avoirdu-pots, and after that rate for a greater or lefs quantity.

II.	And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the menu-fa&ure of fnuff in Great Britain, it is expedient that a further duty Jbculd be impofed upon foreign jnujf imported, in proportion to the (aid additional duty by this abl granted upon tobacco; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be and of td. alfo railed, collefted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and per pound o* fucceflors, for and upon all fnuff which, from and after the portedf im~ fakl firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- ***

two, (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already impofed thereon, an additional duty of eight-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity.

III.	And whereas by an aQ, made in the eighteenth year of the Recital of an reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a61 for encourag- a& 18 Car *. ing of coinage, a duty of twenty /hillings pier ton was impofed upon

brandy, wines, or jlrong waters, imported into this kingdom 5 and 0f ratety

in and by the additional book of rates, referred to by an aft made in n Geo. 1. re-

tht eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the lahve to the

Fxrff, fpirits called brandy are rated as follows j that is to fay,

brandy of France, the ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Dran

gallons, at thirty pounds; brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy,

the ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, at fifteen

pounds; and brandy of all other countries, not otherwife rated, the

ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, at twenty pounds:

and whereas by an a SI made in the feventh year of the reign of his

late majefly King George the Second, intituled. An a6l for afeer- 7 Geo. a.

taining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to 14-

clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their

indentures and contra61s; it was, amongfi other things, enabled,

That the fame fubfidies, duties, and excife, then payable upon brandy and foreign fpirits imported, and no more, fbould be paid for arrack, imported from any of his Majcflfi colonies or territories in the Eaft Indies, and that toe fame allowance fbould be made on the exporta- „ lion thereof, as was made upon foreign brandy, or other fpirits: and whereas, in order to evade payment of the duties due by law upon brandy cf France, great quantities of French brandy mixed abroad

with

Digitized by Google

26	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 2$. [178^

tvitb brandy of other countries, have been imported into this kingion from Dunkirk, and other ports in Flanders, under the denomirm tion tf/'Flemifti brandy; and by reafon of fuch mixture, and otbei . practices* ufed by the traders therein to difguife the fame, it is im> pojjible for the officers of the eujioms to afcertain the proper duties tbai ought to be paid for fuch brandy, whereby the pulftich revenue is di* minijhedy and the fair trader much injured: for remedy whereof, prom June i, be it enaCted bv the authority aforefaid, That, from ^nd aftei 1781, the faid the firft day or June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty dutiet on two, the (aid rates upon brandy (hall be repealed, and the fev* o?bra^vamd ra* duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack arrack, (ex- as herein-before mentioned, (except the* duties of excife, a I cept excife herein-after is provided), and all former drawbacks on theexJ duties) to portation thereof, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longet ccafe-	paid.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, New duties to That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand fevea bepaidinftead hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in (lead of the faid formerj thereof. ratcs arMj <jutjcs repealed by this ad, there (hall be raifed, Ie-{

vied, collected, and paid, tor every ton of brandy, or fpirits ufually entered under that denomination, containing two huijj dred and fifty-two gallons, which (hall be brought or imported into this kingdom from any place or country beyond the feas, the fum of eight pounds and eight (hillings; and for every tot^ of arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, which (hall be brought or imported into this kingdom, the like fum of eight pounds and eight (hillings; and after thofe rates fo^ any greater or lefs quantity thereof j any thing in any former a& or a£ts to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore*

New duties faid, That the (aid refpe&ive duties herein before granted, (hall iubjett to an be alfo fubjedt and liable to an additional import or duty of five additional pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the fame per cent?con- regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per certtumii form able to granted to his Majefty by an a£t, made in the nineteenth year 19 Gtfo. 3.	of his reign, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty oddi-

c* *5*	tional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the manage-

ment of the refpeftive commiffioners of the eujioms and excife in Great Britain.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore*

Dufies to be faid. That the faid feveral and refpeftive duties herein-before paid upon granted, (hall be paid down in ready money, without any dif< importation, count or allowance, upon importation, and (hall be raifed, le-^fcount*and v*c<*>	paid,	and	recovered, in fuch manner and form,

to be under and by fuch ways, means, and methods, and under fuch pe« the manage- nalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by nuut of the this as the former duties payable to his Majefty upon fuch mofthe*1" articles refpedtively were raifed, levied, collected, paid, and re-cuftoms. covered, as fully and effectually, to ^11 intents and purpofes,

as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, rcfpe&ively relating thereto, were particularly repeated

and

1782.] Anno vicefimo fccundo GfeoRGIl III. C. 28.	*7

and again ensiled in the body of this prefent alt; and the fame

ball be under the management and direltion of the refpedtivo

commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms and their officers for

the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-

gcneral of the cuftoms in England\ and (hall be by him paid

(the neceflary charges of railing, coilciting, and anlwering the

fame, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex*

chequer, and appropriated and applied in the following man*

ncrj that is to fay, two pounds twelve (hillings and fixpence. How to be

part of the faid duties on brandy and arrack, to the fubfidy on applied*

(pints; one pound and one (hilling, other part thereof, to the fabfidy one thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven; one pound and one (hilling, to the fubfidy one thoufand (even hundred and fifty-nine; one pound and one (hilling, to the coinage on fpi-rits; and two pounds twelve (hillings and fixpence, the remainder of the laid duties on brandy and arrack, together with the whole of the feveral additional duties of four-pence per pound weight upon tobacco, and eight-pence per pound weight upon (huff, (hall be paid in diftinlt and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the ufes and pqrpofes in this alt mentioned; and the additional impoft of five pounds ftr centum, granted by this alt, (hall be paid in as part of the hid impoft, granted by the before-mentioned alt of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majeftv’s reign, under the title and defcription of The impojl one thoufand frjen hundred and feventy-nine.'

VII. ^nd be it further enalked by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid laft mentioned duty of two pounds twelve (hilliifgs and fixpence, being part of the duties on brqndy and arrack; and the faid additional duties of four-pence per pound weight upon tobacco, and of eight-pence per pound weight upon muff, hereby granted and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo paid into tne faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, to-, gether with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted by any act or alts of this feffion of parliament for this purpofe, (and not otherwise applied), be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and cxpences as are direlted to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An afl for rtijing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftablijb-i*l a httery.

VIII- And ir is hereby further enaflted by the authority aforefaid. That in lieu of the former drawbacks upon the exportation of brandy and arrack, repealed by this alt, where any bandy or arrack, having paid the duties herein-before granted,

1fcaU

Digitized by VjOOQLC

A book to ba kept in the auditor’s office, in which the additional duties are to be entered*

Application

thereof.

Drawbacks to be allowed on the exportation of brandy

8?

and arrack, tobacco and fauif.

This aft not to alter the duties of ex-cife upon foreign brandy, Ac.

Anno vicefuno fccundo Gedrgh III; C. 29,39. [1782

(hall be again exported by way of merchandize, the merchant or merchants, fo exporting the fame, (hall be repaid and al< lowed the following drawback; that is to fay, for every ton ot fuch brandy or arrack, as (hall be exported to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, the fum of feven pounds and feven (hillings; and for every ton of fuch brandy or arrack, as (hall be exported to any other place, where fuch brandy or arrack would have been legally intitled to any former drawback, the Aim of feven pounds feventeen (hillings and (ixpence ; and after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity ; and upon the exportation of fuch tobacco and fnuff from this kingdom, t<j any part beyond the feas, as merchandize, the exporter (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before-mentioned duties, paid upon the importation of fuch tobacco and fnufF by virtue of this aft; which faid refpeftive drawbacks or allow-* ances (hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, re-* gulations, redactions, penalties, and forfeitures in all refpeftsj as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the dutiej of cuftoms upon the exportation of fuch brandy, arrack, to«l bacco, or fnuff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

. IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal, or any wife alter, any duty of excife impofed by any aft or afts o( parliament now in force, upon foreign brandy, arrack, or ftrbng waters, imported into this kingdom, but fuch duties d\all continue to be paid and applied in the fame manner, in all refpefts, as ifthis aft had not been mad?,

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, intituled, An aft for exempting the city of Wincbefter, the county of Southampton, tne town of Shrewlbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provifions of an aft, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majelty King George the Second] intituled, An aft for regulating the quartering of fo diers during the time of the eleftions of members to lerve in parliament; fo far as the fame relates to the removal of troops during the eleftions of member! to (erve in parliament; for a limited time.

preamble. 10 Geo. 3. c. 50. recited, further continued during the pr4 fent hoftilities.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, 01 manufacture, ot the inlands ot Saint Chriftopher, Nevis, and Montferj rat, into any ports of his Majelty's dominions in Europe or America^ upon payment of the Britilb plantation duties.

Goods the produce or manufacture of St. Chriltophers, Nevis, and Mont< (errat, may be imported in neutral vefl'els, on payment of plantation du< ties; provided tht importer make oath to the truth thereof.

Digitized by

Google

CAP

i;g2.] Anno vicefimo fectindo GeoRGH III. c. 31.

29

CAP. XXXI.

A off for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the eleftion of members to Jerve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

WHEREAS there was the mojl notorious bribery and cor- Preamble.

ruption at the laji election of burgejfes u Jerve in parliament fsr the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts: and whereas pub bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be praflized in the /aid borough in future, unlefs fome means are taken to prevent the fme; in order therefore to prevent fuch unlawful pradices for the hiture, and that the faid borough may from henceforth be duly reprefented in parliament; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Certain freedom henceforth it (hall and may be lawful to and for every holders inti-faeholder,. being above the age of twenty-one years, who (hall the bo* have, within the hundreds or divifions of Higbworth, Cricklade* roUgh of itofky KingJbridgCi and Malmfbury, or one or more of them, Cricklade s b the county of WiltSy a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, to give his vote at every eledion of a burgefs or burgeffes to ferve in parliament for the faid borough of.

Cricklade*

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the right of eledion of a member or members to ferve in Cuilomarj parliament for the faid borough of Cricklade, (hall be, and is yoters alfo, hereby declared to be, in fuch freeholders as aforefaid, and in ,ntltlcd-the perfons who, by the cuftom and ullage of the faid borough, hare, or (hall hereafter have, a right to vote at fuch eledion j and the proper officer for the time being, to whom the return of every writ or procefs does belong, is hereby required to return the perfon or perfons to ferve in parliament for the faid borough who (hall have the major number of votes of fuch freeholders and other perfons having a right to vote at fuch election; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That fuch freeholders only (hall be in- No freehold-titled to vote as (hall be duly qualified to vote at eledions for «rs to vote but knights of the (hire for the laid county of Wilts y accor&ng to qualified to be the laws now in being for regulating county cledions. ™ county voters.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That every fuch freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Freeholders

eleffion for the faid borough, (hall, if required by the candi- to be (worn.

dates, or any of them, or any other perfon having a right to

vote at the faid eledion, firft take the oath, or, being one

of the people called Shaken^ the folemn affirmation following;

vilrlicety

\

1.Do /wear, [or, being a Quaker, folemnly affirm]y That I am The oath.

0freeholder in the hundreds or divifions of Highworth, Crick-

lade,

50	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	III.	c. 3 r. [1784

lade. Staple, Maltnfbury, and Kingfbridge, or any one or mor\ of them, in the county of Wilts, and have a freehold ejlate confift eng of	*	[fpecifying	the	nature thereof

and if it confifts in mefluages,' lands, tenements, or tithes, i« whofe occupation the fame are; and if in rent, the names ol the owners or poffeflors of the tenements out of which fuel rent is ifluing, or of lbme of them], fituate* lying* or being 0

in the aforefaid hundreds or divifioni or in one or more of them* of the clear yearly value of forty foiling over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpeft of to\ fame $ and that I have been in the aflual pojfeffion or receipt of tin rents and profits thereof* for my own ufe* above twelve cakndoi months* [or, that the fame came to me within the time aforefaid i| defeent* marriage, marriage fettlement* devife* or promotion to < benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office] ; and that fuck fret bald ejlate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently* on pur pofe to qualify me to give my vote j and that the place of my abode \ at	in	,	and	that I am twenty

one years of age, as I believe* and that I have not been polled befor\ at this eleflion.

Which oath, or folemn affirmation, the proper officer, to whoa the return of any writ or precept for fuch cledlion fhall belong, 'Penalty on is hereby required to adminifter: and in cafe any freeholder, 01 committing other perfon taking the faid oath or affirmation hereby appoint* ^^riwtj0n C<^ thcrcby com®h wilful perjury, and be thereof con« thereof* °n	» or if any perfon fhall unlawfully and corruptly procurt

or fuborn any freeholder or other perfon to take the faid oatl or affirmation^ in order to be polled, whereby he fhall commi fuch wilful perjury, and fhall be thereof convidfced, he and they for every fuch offence refpedlively, (hall incur fuch penalties a are inflidled on perfons .guilty of perjury, or fubornation 0 perjury, in and by two adts of parliament, one made in tto fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth* intituled. An afl ft punijbing fuch perfons as fhall procure or commit wilful perjury* 0 fuborn or procure any perfon to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury and the other, made in the fecond year of the reign of his lat< majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the mor effeftual preventing and further punifbment of forgery* perjury* cm fubornation of perjury* and to make it felony to fieal bonds, notes* 0 ether flturities for payment of money, contrary to the faid adts.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid ttow officer That fuch proper officer, to whom any writ or precept fhall b to proceed on diredied for making any elediion for the faid borough, fhall receiving *ny Upon tfoc reCeipt of fuch writ or precept, indorfe upon the bad lion. C CC" thereof the day of his receipt thereof, in the prefence of thi party from whom he received fuch precept, and fhall forthwitl caufe publick notice to be given within the faid borough a Crtcklade* ar.d the feveral towns of Highworth* Malmfbury* Swi* don* arid Woitqn Baffin* by affixing up a notice thereof in writ ing on the market-houfes, or on the doors of the churches <i u	th

Digitized by LjOOQle

i?la.] Arnio vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 32, 33.	31

fa kid towns, of the day of election; and (hall proceed to election thereupon within the fpace of twelve days, and doc lefs than eight days, next after his receipt of the fame accept.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, rb«t this aft (hall be publickly read at every eleftion for the Th* to W borough of Crickbd/, immediately after the afts direfted by ^fourto'an* my aft of parliament to be read thereat, and before the perfoos eleftion.*11* prefent (hall proceed to make fuch eleftion.

C A P. XXXII.

ii aft to revive and continue an aft, pafled in the fixth year of the jatgn of hit prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the loading of ihipa with coals in the ports of Newcaftie and Sunderland.

IGeo. ]• c. at* recited. Revived, and further continued until March >J» *7*9-

CAP. XXXIII.

faoftfer charging a (lamp-duty upon inland bills of exchange, pro* mijjory notes, or other notes payable otherwife than upon demand.

Moll gracious Sovereign,

117 E, your Majejly's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefls% the com- Preamble.

VV mens of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, towards rdfing, by the mojl eafy means, the necejfary /applies to defray your Uajtflfs pubttek expenses, borne freely and voluntarily refolved to pvt and grant unto your Majefty the feveral duties or fums of money \am-efttr mentioned5 and do molt humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by tne King’s Ihoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeot of fa lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ptrliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From Aug. ?, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hun- y9*> thf fol-dred and eighty-two, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, ^"be paid* ind paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and t0 his N&-for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,	jeftys viz.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of For every in-paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promi(Tory land bill of note, or other note payable otherwife than upon demand, (hall e*change, be ingroflfcd, written, or printed, where the fum exprefled *" ^te^c. therein, or made payable thereby, (hail not amount to the (not payable * (am of fifty pounds, there be charged a ftamp-duty of three- on demaod) peoce:	under 50I.-

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of3 ‘ ; piper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promilTory twte, or other note payable otherwife than upon demand, (hall 6 <j# p 9 be iogrofled, written, or printed, where the fum exprefled farcin, or made payable thereby, (hall amount to the fum of

fifty

v	Digitized	by	Google

The faid duties to be under the management of the cotnmif-fioners of the JUmp-duties.

All fuch bills and notes, not properly ftamped to be invalid.

Stamp-bfiice to make the ufual allowance on pre-fent payment of the duties.'

The faid (tamps may be altered.

Penalty on counterfeiting any (lamps dh e&cd to be ufed by this ad.

Anno vlcefimo fccuhdo GeoRgii III. c. 35; [4 781

fifty pounds or upwards, there be charged a (lamp-duty of fu pence.

II. And be it further enaded, That, for the better and mof effedual levying and' colle&ing the faid duties herein-befer granted, the fame (hall be under the care and management ^ the commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage tft duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; fie which purpofe they, er the major part of them, are hefeby quired and impowered to employ the neceflary officeri uneft them, and to ufe and provide fuch (lamps to denote the fai feveral duties, as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do kl other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad irv txcA tion, with relation to the> faid duties herein-befote grantcdv I the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the nrfe

)*or part of them, are authorized to put in execution any forme aw concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And* for bettor feturing the faid Jlamp-duties hereby impofik be it further enabled. That all vellum, parchment, afid papdr upon which any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, 6 other note payable otherwife than upon demand, (hall be itf grofled, written, or printed, (hall, before the fame (hall be in grofled, written, or printed, be brought to the head office fo (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper ; ani the (aid commiflioners, by themfelves or their officers, fhal from time to time (lamp or mark, as this all directs, any quan tides of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of tin faid 'duty 5 the faid duty to be paid by the perfon or perfort giving fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, a| aforefaid; and if any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, oj other note, fo hereby direded to be (lamped, (hall not be mark ed or (lamped as by this ad is direded, or (hall be marked 01 (lamped for a lower duty than as aforefaid, no fuch bill of ex1 change, promiflory note, or other note, (hall be pleaded 01 given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to bl good or available in law or equity.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the fame allowance (hall be made on prefent payment of the feveral duties granted by this ad, in fuch manner as by any former law relating tc flamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is direded and al lowed.

V.	And be it further enaded, That fuch (lamps as the fai< commiflioners are hereby direded and authorized to provid and ufe, (hall and may be altered and Tenewed in fuch manne as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, b any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or pa per, direded to be altered and renewed.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall coun terfeit or forge, or proctire to be counterfeited or forged, an (lamp or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this adr fo the purpofe of denoting the duties by this ad granted, with a>

inter)

*

Digitized by v^,ooQle

33

^2.i Ant»iAeeBdMkcaaioOK6MGJi 111. c. s3-

iaffcnt to dtfraud his Majdto, his heirs and fucceflors* of any tfthe (aid duties i or (ball fraudulently ufe any damp or mark, dire&cd or allowed to be ufod by this aft, with intent to defraud his Maiefty, his heirs or facCeflofrs; of any of the faid da-ties; efr (hall otter, verid, or fell,' afnry vellum, parchment, or paper,* liable to the laid duties, with fuch counterfeit mark or inprdGon thereupon, kno/wing the feme to be counterfeit; to every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully tonvided, (hall be adjudged a felonf, and (hall fuffer death as is cades of felony* without.benefit of clergy.

VII.	Ana be it further eluded. That all powers, provifions, strides; dailies, diftributions of penahies and forfeitures, and all otter matters and things pfrefcribed or appointed by any former aft or ads of parliament, relating to the ftamp-duties on veto, parchment* and paper* (hall be of full force and effed with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied aod pot tooppution for the raffing, levying, colleding, and ficonng, the ffid new duties hereby impofed, according to the ttse kueht ahd meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feriie had feveraliy and refpedivety beeft hereby enaded With relation tof the faid new duties hereby im-

Vllf. And be it Either toaded, That the feveral rates and Attics heretn-befbre granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the bands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftind account of the feyenri duties impofed by this ad* and pay fuch duties (the neceffary charges of raif-mg, paying, and accounting for the fame being deduded) into die receipt of the exchequer, for the ufe* and purpofes in this ad mentioned, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are direded to be paid.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That there (hall be provided tod kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer; a book of books; in which all the monies arifing from the hid feveral duties impofed by this ad, and paid into tne faid veceipt as aforefsrid, (hall her entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable td hi# Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffofs,' upon anV account what foe Ver; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exehequer as aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch Other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be, granted by any id or ads of this feffion of parliament for this pwptffe, oe a fund for the payment of the feveral and refpedive* rnmudes, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are di-ceded to be mud and payable purluant to an ad of this prefect fcffion of parBament, intituled. An alt for raifing a attain fum of mm tf wag of annuities, and for eftablijbing a lottery.

X.	And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons Hull, at any time or times, be fued, moleftcd, or profecuted, hr my thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of

Voi. KXXIV.	D	this

All former provifions and

fpenalties rearing to the ftamp duties (hall be in force in levying, Sic. the prefent duties.

Duties to bt paid to the receiver-general, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Auditor of the exchequer to keep a feparate account of the monies produced by this ad.

Application

thereof.

Perfons fued for executing this ad, may plead the general iffue.

34-

and recover tieblc cofts.

J

Anno vlcefimo ftcundo Georgii HI. c. 34* 3$; [! 782;

this a ft, or of any clauie* mrittcr, or thibg, herein contained, foch perfon and perforin fhall and may plead the gehetatifiuc, and give the fpocial matter in evifietite for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi& (hall pnfe fat the defendant or de» fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nOnfaited, then fuch defendant or defendants ibali have treble oofle awarded to him or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintifi*

CAP. XXXIV,

An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loan* or exchequer bHh, for the fervice of the year one thoufond faren hundred aid eig^htyitwoj and for cenfolidating certain annuities, which vtpre miAtjoyt feiatj dock by an aft made in the thirty-fuft year of the reign of hn late oa-jetty King George the Second, with certain annuities confdlida$ed by feveral afts, made in the twfenty-fifth, twenty-djghth, twriftv-frinth, thirty-firth thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years oftbc reign of hb hid late Ma jefty, and feveral fubfequent ads; .	, t	.	,

Commiflioners of the tree fury may raife 1,500,0061. by loans 3hd fctchfc-quer bills, before Jan. 5,17(3; in like manner as is pffeferibed by the hurt tax aft of this feflioft, concerning loans, &c. The chnifes, te. m tbe &kd! a ft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except foch as charge ,th* fame on the taxes granted by the fold aft, or limit the rate of intereft of money on credit of the fame aft, and as aftermentioned), extended to this a& Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged befort April 6* 17b3. Aftron not to lie for inch rSfufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupptiesi and if Sufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5,1783, to be charged on the finking fund. Monies (o iflued to be replaced out of the firft (up-plies. Bank of England authorized to advance the faid firm on the credit of this aft; an aft y St 0 Guk Sc Marise notwithstanding. Redtal o( 31 Geo. a. c. ft*. The fum of 4,50010001. (htU» from July 5,178s, with the confent of the proprietory be added to the 3 per cent, centals. Proprietors, who (hall not fignify their diflent before June 6, 1782, (hall be deemed to aflent thereto.

C A P. XXXV.

- An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifli o1 Saint John of Wapping, in the county 6f Middlefex; and for providing a proper workbbule and burial ground for the nfe of the faid parilh and tor opening certain communications, and making certain ftreeU within the faid pai iih.	*

The reftor, curate, churchwardens, and bvierfters of the poor for th time being, and other ttuftecs appointed. Qn death, refufal or *egle£ to aft for tix months, or removing out of theparifli, or being reuderedin capable, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, overfeers of the poor an< veftiymen, qualified as attermentioned, at the next annual efeftrwi 0 parilh officers, may chufe by ballot, or otherttifc,' other troftteet to^be in vetted with the fame power as the former. Meetings of trufteea tube ii fourteen days after parting the aft, and may adjoQrn therofelyes.t© aoj time and place, and meet as they think proper, and any five Or mon lhay aft. Adjournment (if not a fuffirient'ttdrhber of truftees) by tnlftei prewnt or the defk; On three days notiefe on the «hardi dbdti to he bo xbore than ten days nemtaftor. Tmftets foafl defray tbeir afqi exprncfct Qualification of truttees, to be proprietor or occupier of an nr othe tenement,, charged to the relict of the poor, at the rent of fifteen bounds or more, which hath been paid, and to be capable of afting X* V veftty naan, to bold or occupy an lioufe, or otbar tenement, dhargto at yo I. pe sum. to the poor, and having paid thi laft rate; Truftcts not to aft whe • :	'	o	... ;int*eftfc<i

Digitized by

Google

.!$*$ ^totiC^f)9;iecundO Gag&ail IU, C<35* *.	<%'

jottfetwk IgftutjUbWa, ^ifij incapable of a$ing as mifte«svt Tru£w nafLapfWMtf chtckfecqJle&ors, Uirvfyors, and other officer*, aiirven or more truftees may think proper, who may remove fuch ofli-nrik pteriore, andfeiow them fahuries. All perfons to pay their rates to the coUe&ort* and the treasurer to keep diftin# accounts of money re*-eared, and pay money a# five or more truftees (ball ol der $ and account recta year, oroftener, and pay the balance, a* the truftees {ball dire&i Aid in default be liable to fnch penalties as Ovtrfeers of the poor in fuch cries*. Mo perfon compellable to be colle&or againft his will, except over-Jeertof the poor for the time being, who (ball be obliged to collect the pors rate* unlefc the truftees appoint a collector thereof*. Officers to -gifs fecurity. Truftees may purchafe lands, ere# or repair a workhoufe, red indole a burial-ground; or may hire a houfe, or houfes. Accounts to be open to infpedbon of perfons paying the rates. Truftees to make fetors relating to the poor; and may contract for employing and main-jutabg them, and ptmHh 'the diforderly. Perfons buying, or receiving iapawn, any thing belonging to the workhoufe, (hall forfeit 40 s. Fur-afcnre* &c. vetted ut tbeeruftees^wbo may bring anions or prefer indicants in qafe the fiuna are injured, dec. Perfons wandering, or begging, sap be fent to the. workhoufe. Truftees to make rate*, for relief of the poori and may take nodes of the land tax. books. Owners of tenements feveral perfons liable to the rates, gates to be allowed by two jritiees, and may be recovered, as directed by 4? Eliz. Churchwardens, defers, and colle&ort, (hall account and pay monies to the truftees and «fedr treafurer 5 and on default may be committed to the county gaol till fmad oecompounded with the truftees. Laws relating to the poor to conferee in force. No poors rate to be made contrary to this a6t, Occupiers of tenements to pay rates for the time they occupy only. Inhabitants allowed to give evidence. Notice to be given of vtftry meetings in the cfanrcb on the Lord's day preceding, on'petolty of aos. on every negieft; to be ^recovered as other forfeitures by this adi, on complaint of churchwardens, or overffcers of the poor. Utility of opening certain com muni ca-fittff, by making and opening ftrtfets acrofs certain fields or gardens, and through Black-horfe Yard; and from thence acrofs Upper Eaft Smithfield lato Saltpetre-bank, and from Nightingale-lane into Virginia-ftreet.

Truftees impowered to purchafe buildings and lands, and make and open ftreets. Perfons under incapacities impowered to make conveyances. In cafe the parties refufe to treat. &c. the value to be fettled by a jury.

Jarors may be challenged. Witnefles may be examined on oath. Ver-d&of jury, &c. to be final. On payment of the money conveyances to be made. In cafe fuch conveyances arc not made, or the parties cannot wiset their titles, the money (hall be paid into the bank, fubjeft to.the Wort of chancery. Verdidb and judgements to be registered, and the lands vefted in the truftees. Money may be vefted in government fecuri-ties, for the benefit of the perfons in titled thereto. If purchafe monies be wtpaid within three months, verdidt, Sec, not binding. Purchafe money to be laid out in the purchafe of other lands fettled to the fame ufes.

Conveyances of femes-covert by bargain and fake acknowledged, and in-rolled in the rrgifter-office of Middlelex in fix months, as effectual as a fine trrecovery. Truftees may reconvey fuch parts of lands purchafed, as are not ncceflary for the purpofes of this adt. Truftees may contract for works to be done, and may fupport actions for breach of contradis, and nay employ workmen, &c. The truftees to make rates to defray the charges of making communications. Rates to be collected half yearly, feritencr, and recovered. Diftreffes may be made in other pari/hes or MWhs. Truftees may compound with owners of houfes, under 101. ferxDB. for not lefs than two-thirds. Empty houfes, Sec. to be rated but ree»thtrd* How publish buildings, wake grounds, &c. (hall be affeffed at lot more than 6d. per fquare yard. Such rates to be recovered by attoabi the name of the collector. No adtion to abate on account of thi math of tbe treafurer or a collc&or. Occupiers liable to payment of rates and arrears thereof while houfes remained unoccupied; to be dedudted their rent# Rates to be recovered from perfons quitting their Da	' tenements

$6 Anno vicefimo fccundo Georoii Ifl. c. 3d, 37. [1782;

tenementsbydiftrefsand falc, under a juftice’s warrant, who may ai(bor* der cofts. Rates may be reduced on account of poverty, dec. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be impeached. Additional rates to make good monies loft by colleftors. Truftees may aft as joftioes. Truftees may borrow money at legal intereft, or on annuities! not ex* seeding 1,5001. upon the rates; and at intereft 4,000!. on the new intended ftreets, ana alfign the rates as a fecurity, at legal or left intereft, payable half yearly. Annuities at 10 per cent, and charged on the rates, and deemed indefeasible eftates, not chargeable to the land tea.- Re* ceipts and orders for payment to be (igned and given to the contributors. Annuities may be affigned toties auoties. Rates t6 be lowered as annuitants die off. All monies raifed to be veiled in the truftees. Is-pences of palling this aft to be firft paid. Truftees may compound for penalties and forfeitures) but fuch mitigation not to extend to more thaw One moiety thereof. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftvufs and fale or goods, or commitment to gaol! for not more than two months, nor left than fourteen days, unlefs tooner paid. Perfons aggrieved m*f appeal to the quarter feflions) giving ten days notice. Rates to be altered only in tne particulars complained of. Truftees may reward informers. Juftices impowered to adminifter oaths. Writings to be Without ftamps. Orders and accounts to be entered in books. Procedfiaci not to be ouaftied for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. OiMm not to be deemed illegal for want of form only. Plaintiff nor to wfeoouf after tender of amends. Limitation of aftkms fot a&ing under this wft* not till ten days notice, nor after tender of amends, nor tfrer three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general ifltfe, and have treble cofts. To be a pubtick aft.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for railing a farther fum of money, by loans or exchequer hQlft for the fervice of the year one thouftnd (even hundred and eighty-two*

CoromUfioners of the treafury may raife 1,900,000). by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. the 5th, 1783, in manner as by.the land tax aft of this feflion is prescribed, See, The daufes in the faid aft relating to loans or bills, (except fuch as charge the fame on the taxes granted thereby* and limit the rate of intereft as aftermentioned), extended to this act. ^Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1783. Aftion not to lie for fuch rehftl, Money fo raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid 3 and a fufneient (implies be not granted before July 5, 1783, to be charged on fhc (inking fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fuppfict. Bank of England authorized to advance the faid fum on the credit or this aft 3 the aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Maris notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for the more eafy and tweedy recovery of fmall debts within the parifhes of Brofeley, Benthall, Maaeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wen lock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial place called Polnall, in the county of Salop.

Couimiffioners conftihited a court of juftice, by the name and ftyle of the Court of Requefts for the parilhes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Bar-row, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparo-chial place called Pofnall, in the county of Salop, and ftven, or more of them, may aft, and to meet at Brofeley every Tuefday fortnight, except Chriftmas-day, which if on a Tuefday, the court to be held the next pri-ceding day. For want'of a Aifficient number to aft, the court to be adjourned to another day. Power of the commiflioners to hear and determine all ftfch caufes and matters of debt as (ball be brought before them ‘	.	as

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno vicefimo lecundo GeoROII III. c. 37.'

s« afttementioiied, and to give fuch judgement, and to make fuch inter* locasory tod final orders and decrees, and to award fuch execution with, cots, both againft bodies, goods and chattels, of ail perfons againft whom tbs? hall gi?c or make lucb judgement, order, or decree, as to them fall hem juft and moft agreeable to equity and good conferences and if tbe commiffioners be equally divided in opinion, him that is firft upon tbs lit to have tbe eating voice. Eleftion of commiffioners, in cafe of desdi, refufel, or nagleft, to aft for twelve calendar months, to be at * facial meeting of nine or more commiffioners (not on a court day), by a ■ajorky. Clerk and fiojeant appointed, who are refpeftively to continue lb bog as they behave themfelves well in their reipeftive offices. Vic* tiaikrs net to bold any place of profit. Eleftion of clerk and ferjeant, on vacancy by death, rtfignarion, mifbehaviour, or neglcft of duty, by a ■amritoof commiffiooers at a meeting for that purpofe. Clerk to fix a fit of the commiffioners in the court-houfe, and to iffiie fummonfes, sad regiferorders. Serjeant to ferve precepts. Perfons may fue for debu •odcr 4#*. Procefe (hall iffiie by fummons in writing, direfted to the debwr,-ifacifjfojg tbe fum demanded, the name of the demandant, and requiring tbe debtor to appear at a certain time and place, before tbe esaoufimners, to aafwcr fuch demand a which (hall be (erved by the fer-jpat yerfboally, or by leaving at his place of abode within tbe limits of tbs fad court. If the debtor, on being (erved with tbe fummons, (ball

Sthe debt and fees, all proceedings mall Hop. Commiffioners may re* te proceedings of tbe court, and adminifter oaths. Commiffioners, oq son appearance of defendant, may proceed ex partes and on non-appearance of the plaintiff, or not making proof of his debt, may award con) and may award execution, and commit tbe party to the prifon to be provided at Brofely, till performance of order, judgement or decree, but not for more than fix weeks. And on execution awarded againft foods, the ferjeant may diftrmn (within the limits of tbe court), and fell tbs fane, ana levy tbe debt and cods thereby. And if the party abfeonds, or removes his goods, to evade fuch execution, on proof by tbe ferjeant, or oot witaeft, may award execution againft body or goods, till the plaintiff is feQynaid and fetisfied. Court may order debts to be oaid by inftal-meots, ic. On execution, clerk to indorfe debt and cofts. Execution fall be feperfeded, if the defendant,befbre aftual fele of goods or impri* burnt, or before expiration of the time of imprifbnmcnt, pay or tender to tbe clerk the debt and cots, with i s. for tbe clerk's trouble, and entering scknowledgement of (atisfaftion, and alfo as. (if in prifon) for ponces. Serjeant fuffiering an efeape, or goods to be removed! to pay debt aad cots. Ho attorney or fotidtor to plead or have privilege in tbe coprt. Qabfication of commiffioners, to be in pofieffion of sol. per ann. in lands, teoesKsts, or hereditaments, or 400 U perfontl eftate. Afting without lucb qualification 50U penally. Commiffioners to be fworn as follows 1

1

I A. B. do fwear, (or affirm, as tbe cafe may be). That I will faithfully, isipsrtiaily, and boneftly, according to the beft of my judgement, bear aad determine all fuch matters and caufes as (hall be brought before me by virtue of an aft of parliament, for the more cafy and fjwedy recovery of feull debu within tbe pari(hes of Brofeley, Bentball, Madeley, Bar-row, Xinley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial place cafled Pofnall, in tbe county of Salop, without favour or afieftton, prejudice or malice, to either party 1

So help me GOD,

Fees to be taken.

To tbe Clerk, for catering every canfe, fixpence 1 For iflaiag every him mom, fixpence:

For every fubposna, fixpence s

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, three pence:

For every nearing or trial, fixpence:

F« bearing every witnefs, plaintiff, or defendant, three pence:

For every order, judgement, or decree, fixpence 1

For a aeafuit, fixpence 1	^

^	Digitized	by	>ogle *

A'fibo'Vifceliitfo fecunclo GEOlton HI. d. 37.’ [V782.

Fbr every fearch in the books, three pence:

For paying money into court, fixpence; if by inftalments, fixpence intba pound more:

For taking money out of court, and acknowledging fatisfadlion in tbs v clerk’s bocks, fixp nee:

For every attachment, lixpence:

• For every execution, fixpence:

For every warrant of commitment for an aflault, infult, or mifbehaviour in the court, or to the commiffionets, clerk, or other officer of the fame, one (hilling.

To the Serjeant.

fpr the fervice of every fummons, order, or fubpeena, if within the town and pariih of Brofeley or Benthail, and attending the court witii the return thereof, three pence $ if out of either of the faid towns and pa-rilhes, one penny more for every mile from the court-hoofe, (the diftance to be alcertaimd by any (even or more of the faid commit* fioners):

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, one penny:

For executing every attachment, execution, or warrant, againfc the body or goods, within the faid town and partfiof Brofeley or Benthad, one . (hilling} if out of either of the faid towns and parishes, three penes more for every miles For carrying every plaintiff, defendant, or delinquent to prifon, if appro-’ bended within the faid town of Brofeley or Benthail, one (hilling; and if apprehended out of the faid towns, throe pence more for every mile.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court>houfe. Nine commiffionert, oa ten days notice affixed on thedeor of the court-hoofe* may lefien the fees not more than one half, and raife the (ams again 09 like notice, but not more than as aforefaid. Penalty on taking or demanding greater fees or rewards, not more than 5I. and not lefs than 46s. to the uie of the poor (of the pariih where the perfon paying fuch few or rewards (hall refide, or from whom the fame were demanded. Clerks and ferjeants may be dlf-placed. A prifou at Brofeley may be ere&ed for fecunng pcrfofft liable to confinement, under the power* contained in this aft. Books, dec. vrfhd in the com min;oners. Clerk and ferjeant may appoint a deputy. ,Com-inUlioners not to a61 where interefted. Perform iundting the cdurt maybe apprehended by a warrant from the commiffionm* and taken before 1 juftice of the peace, who, upon proof of-the fad by oath of -one wimek, suay.fine the offender not more than 49 s. jior left than 5s. to bepaif immediately to the juftice, and applied as fines befbrement toned, or on default may be committed to Brofeley gaol for three calendar months, or till the fine is paid. Copy of preceding-daufe to beftuck op in th^edtort-lioufe. Gaoler to receive per Ions committed. Feriont committed Upon execution to be allowed *d. a day during their confinement. No anion for debt recoverable by this a# to be brought in an? other court.' 'This act (lull not extend to debts for rent upon any teafe or contract where the title may come in queftiou, or bn any other real contra# $ nor to debts by realon of any cau<e concerning wills, matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclefiaftical .court?; jarior money won at horfe-cock-matches,, or any kind of gaming or play j nor for forfeitures on penal ftatutes or bye laws $ nor to any debt contra&ed on a Sunday, (except in phyfick or furgery, or cafes of abfolute neceffity) j or if no contra#, acknowledgement, undertaking, or promife^ within fix-years, though under 40s. Penalty for wilful perjary tine fame as in other cafes by law. Penalty on difobeying the fubpeenas of the court, to give evidence; fine not more than -50s. uor,lffstUan $ $. (and if not paid immediately) to be levied by dittreis and fale of goods, by warrant of feven commi(fionerr,to be paid to-the party at wffofe infiance facts*fpbpcenriftued. Writing* to be without ltamps. Nothing in this a& ;&>£(&& ifce court of tbcofd at Wenlock. limitation of actions, (or a6ting undspthisa#, not tilt twenty

Digitized by CjO(5q1c

Anno viceSmo fesundo GboRQH III* c. 38.

hy* notice, or tender of sm^nda* or unleft within three calendar month*, sad to belaid in the county of Salop, and not elfewhere, and the defend-ant may plead the general iflue, and give the (fecial matter in evidence, sad have treble colts. To be a publick a£t.

CAP. XXXVIII.

4*a£ to permit the importation of Britifh plantation tobauo from oaj port or place either in America, or the Weft Indies, or in I Europe, during the prefent hoftilities.

WHEREAS by an at1 of parliament, made in the twentieth year of bis Majefty*s reign, (intituled, An adt to admit to an entry in this kingdom, under certain reftridtlons, tobacco imported not diredtiy from the place of its growth or produce, and for granting an additional dutv on fuoh tobacco, during the prefent hoftilities), it is, amongi other things, enabled. That onj tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the Britifh Sminim in America, which, during the continuance of the prefent hffflities, Jbould be bona 6de imported into and landed at any Bru lilh ifland in the Weft Indies, from arty ijland or place in America, tr the Weft Indies, in amity with his Majefty, his heirs, or fuc-cefftrs, /ball and may be imported direbtlr from fuch Britifh ifland, and /ball and may be entered and landed in this kingdom, upon the Oaymcnt of the proper duties due thereon, under the reftriftions in the faii oB mentioned : and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a //-mUi time, the importation of fuch tobacco into Great Britain direbiiy from any port or place in amity with bis Majefty, either in America, or the Weft Indies, or in Europe: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it .enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-two, and during the continuance of the prefent hoftilities, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to import into Great Britain, in any Britifh (hip or veflTel duly navigated, or in any neutral (hip or veflel,* any tobacco of the growth, produdt or manufadture of any Britifh colony or plantation in America, dhre&ly from any ifland, port, or place, in America, or the Weft Indies, or in Europe, in amity with his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors \ and luch tobacco (hall and may be entered and landed in any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the 'fame-duties as would be due and payable for the lame, if fuch tobacco had been imported from any Britifh ifland or place in America, not being the ifland or place of the growth or fuch tobacco, although the fame (hall not be accom-panied with any manifeft, certificate, or other document, required by the faid recited adt, or by any other adt or adts of parEament now in force: and fuch tobacco (hall, in all other refpedts not altered by this adt, be fubjedt and liable to the fame fcpuritics, rules, regulations, reftridtion?, penalties, and forfei-

D 4	lures.

Digitized by Google

09

Preamble/ Recital of 10 Geo.}, a. )9*

From June 14, *7Si, during the prefent hoftilities, Britifh plantation tobacco may be imported from any neutral port in America or in Europe.

4©	Aono	vicefimo fectmdo Gsorgii IQ. c. 39. [178*?.

....lures, as fuch tobacco would be fubjed and liable to, if -th*

fame had been imported direSly from any	colony'or

-plantation in America \any law, cuftotn, or ufage, to the con* trary notwithftanding.	......

G A P. XXXIX.

An aff	for granting	to bis Majefty addit ional upon fait; and

certain duties upon Glauber or ¥.ptem falts, and alfo on mineral alkali	or fax"forglafs, made from fait *	and to prevent frauds in

the duties on foulfait,	tp b ufedin manuring of lands.

Preamble.

From ]une *». 17S*. the following additional and other dutiea on fait to be paid, to hit Majefty j viz.

Moft graeious	Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, t(a commons 0 ( Great Britain,in parliamept a/Temblod, towards ratling the neceflary fupplies to defray your publick expences, have freely ana voluntarily revived to give and grant unto your MajeUy the fcveral additional t»Mf a*4 i duties on fait already rated to your Majefty ; and alio the (eve* ral rates and duties on fait, como)oply palled Glauber-top Mffaeee falts, and on mineral alkali or flux for gfcft, to be made! froeg fait, hereafter mentioned; and.do therefore moft humbly be* feech your Majefty that it may be enadpd; and bp k cnafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advinp and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cotumoos»~ in this prefent parliament aflemhled, and by $0 authority of 1 the fame. That, from and after the twenty-feoond day of jttno, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, thgre (hail beraif-ed, levied, collected, and paid to and for tb$ ufeoif bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all fait already rated, oyer and above the rates and duties ppw due or payable thereon by any a& or alts of parliament qow ip force, the (Several additional rates and duties, and alio for and upon all falts called Glauber or Epfom fait, and-alkali or. flux for glajs, tnadp from fait, brine or fea water, fhc ieveral rates and duties following ; that is to fay, .	'	.

For every For every gallon of felt, not being the prpduift os mai>ufacr

gallon of fo- ture of Great Britain, that (hall be imported, from and after reign fait) on *1-_ r.:j *_—a.. r~ —-j j-.. t.—.	j	l—

the fold twenfy-fecond day of June, one thoufand (even bun-

. * Art*A anrl oirrhtif.ftun infrt onv rvart CZrn/it Rtrifraim	dim

id.

died and eigbty-two, into, any part of Great Britain, the/um of two pence halfpenqy of lawful money of Great , to be paid by the importer or importers thereof; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For evdry gallon of .fait, and rod; ialt, that, from and after the faid twenty-fecond day of June, one thoufand feven hup-

-------,	dred	and eighty-two, (hall be made at any fait works, or be

&c!’in>E»g- ,alccn oat °‘ »ny pit or pits, irt that part of Great	palled

land or WaleSj England,Woles, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fltm of id. iq. One penny farthing of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For

For every gallon of fait and rock

Digitized by L,ooQle

41

Forermrw

buihcl of frit t, &c. in Scot* land, |4«

and

from

into

yd*

For tiwy bond rod of Glauber frit* made hi Grttt Britain,

tot.

For every to* of mineral alkali, made of rock frit, &c. in Great Britain, toe*

j7§r.] Anno Ticefimolecuhdo Gboroii III. C. 39. forevery buftwl of fait that, from and after the (aid twenty' feeond-day of Jonty one thousand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hail be made at any fait works, or be taken out of any yd or pits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., the funk of three pence of like lawful money i and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity: for every bgfhel of ult that, from and after the faid twenty-mod day of Jonty one thouiand feven hundred and eighty-two, {hall be imported from Scotland into England* JValts, or towoV Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of feven pence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof:

For every hundred weight of all falts known or called by the one of Glauber or Epfm falts, made at any fait works in Groat Brian,which, from and after the faid twenty-fecond day of Jim, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, dull be nade or produced at any fait work within the kingdom of Great Britauty'tbe fqm of twenty (hillings of like lawful money j and after tint rate for a greater or left quantity: linid for every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, which, from sod after the faid twenty-fecond day of June, one thou-had feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall be made of any rock hit or fait rock, or from any brine or Tea water, in that part of CeM Britain called England, Waltty and towr\ of Berwitk upon fwmd, and alfo- in that part of Great Britain called	,

tht fum of twenty (hillings pf like lawful money; and after that ntehr a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, manufacturer «T piaqufaCkurers, of fuch mineral alkali or dux far glafs.

Which faid feveral refpeClive additional and other rates and du- Mew duties to tin herein-before granted, (hall and may, from time to time, be levied and be charged, raided, received, leyi|ed? collected, recovered, fe-cured, and paid unto bis Majefty, has heirs and fucceflors, by ne, „ tbe fuch ways and means, and under fuch management, and fub- old duties, jeft to fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeCk to fum allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and directions, in all refpeCts, (not otherwife directed by this ad), us the prefent duties on f*h are or pan by any law or fta-tute mw in force be charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecqred, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all interna and purpofes, as if all and every the feveral and refpeCtive powers, authorities, iqethods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and .fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, directions, clsufes, matters, and things, were particularly related and again enaCted in tha body of this prefent ad.

U. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- Mo per (on to ritjr aforeGud, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perlbn r®?*6 «f perfbn* in Great Britain to take rock fait or fait rock from 2c*for male.

any

Digitized by Google

M

Jag * ttffcWl'ilf'

•Ikali or flux for gWft, mitfcoat M U>

eeae•« <

f.. •

- '

V»lti

51. to be paid Mr the li-

cence, and an etfcry to-be made of the place where the mineral alkali is to be manufactured, and the rock fait,

Jfcc. depofited.

Penalty on manufacturing mineral alkali without taking out a licence, and annually renewing the fame.

Aano vicefimo fecundd Georgii III. e. 39-	[1782*

any rock pit, or to take any brine or fea water for the purpofe of making a mineral alkali or flux for glafs, upon giving feed* rity in double the duty of • fuch fait rock or rock fait, bnne or fea water; fuch fecurity to be difeharged upon the proprietor or manufacturer, or his agent, making oath before a neighbouring juftice of peace, that all the faid fair, for which fuch bond or bonds ytrert given, were made ufe of in making fuch mineral alkali or flux for glafs, and for no other purpofe whatfoever, and the ofRccr at the fame time certifying his belief thereof; and that ift> perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall obtain, receive, or have any fuch fait, brine, or fea water, for the purpofe of making mineral alkali or flux for glafs therefrom, unlds Inch perfon or perfons (hall have firft obtained a licence from the tommiftioner* of the fait duties, or perfons properly appointed dr totbortod by them for granting fuch licences, for making of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, to be made from fuch (alt rock or rock hit, or from brine or fea water, as aforciaid, or from any other Materials whatever, and (hall pay for fuch licence the lum of five pounds of like lawful money; and which licence, Upon payment thereof, the faid commi(Goners, or thofe appointed under them for that purpofe, are hereby impowered and required to grant accordingly, (unlefs they (hall fee juft caufe to the contrary); and a!(o (hall and do deliver in to fuch eommiffioners, pr at the fait office next to the place or places where the faid mineral alkali or flux fot glafs is intended to be made by fuch perfon or perfons refpedlively, or to their refpec* ttve places of habitation, a true and particular entry in writing, under his or their iefpe<ftive hands, containing the particular fituation of the place or places, wherein not only the faid mineral alkali is to be tmnufa&ured, but alfo where the fame, and the rock fair br fait rock, brine or lea water, from which the fame is to he made, (hall be kept, ftored, or depofited; and alfo of every ftorehoufe, warehouse, and other place, to be in any wife ufed in or about the manufe&uring of fuch mineral alkilt os fiUx for glafs: and iflny perfon (hall make or manufacture any mlneraf alkali,or flux for glafs, without firft taking out fach Hesnee as afoteffid, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds 5 and that every perfon or performs, 'Who (hall take oOt fuch licence as aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fre(h licence ten days at leaft before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the firft licence, before he, (he, or they, da prefume to mike, vend, or ufe any rock fait or fait rock, from any rock pit, or to take* any brine or fea water for the purpofe of making a mineral alkali or flux for glafs, or to make any mi-•tieral alkali or flux for glafs from rock fait or fait rock, brine ot fea water*, or from any otfter materials whatever, and in, the feme manner to renew ’fuch licence from year to yeara paying down the like fum of five pounds for each and cverj new or renewed licence, in manner beforementioned; and ii any perfon or perfons* (hall, after the iwenty-fecond day oi

June

Digitized by VjOOQIC

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 39.

June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, prefume to make any mineral alkali or flux for glafs, or to make, vend, or ufe, any rock fait or fait rock, from any rock pit, or to take any brine or fca water, for the purpofe of making a mineral alkali or flux for glafs, without firft taking out fuen licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they lhall refpe<5tively forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds for each offence.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch fait rock or rock fait, as aforefaid, Salt rock. See, (hill be delivered at any of the works or pits, from which the j?0*^**^ fame (hall arife or be produced, for the purpofe or<under any makiagmi-pretext of making mineral alkali or flux for glafs therefrom, or neridalkai, (hall be afterwards delivered at fuch work or works, for the pur- See. except m pole of making mineral alkali or flux for glafs, or ftored or de- *** Prc&nc# pofired in any warehoufe, (lore, or place, belonging thereto, officer*0** or ufed therewith, but in the prefence of fome officer of fait duties attending at, or refiding neareft to fuch fait works or pits, or alkali work or works refpedlively as aforefaid; and who (hall Officer to refpc&ively make and keep an entry in writing, containing the true or real weight or quantity of the fait fo delivered at fuch q^antity^f fait works or pits, and brought in or delivered to or at fuch al- raltfo deli-kali works as aforefaid, together with the day on which the vered, &c. fame (hall be fo delivered at fuch fait works or pits, and brought into, or delivered at fuch alkali work or works refpedtively, as aforeCaid; and which entry, fo to be made at fuch fait works or pits as aforefaid (hall alfo contain the name of the perfon to whom the fait therein contained was delivered, and for the ufe of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, and to whom belonging; and that a duplicate thereof, Ggned by the officer making the fame, ihall be produced and delivered to the officer attending at fuch alkali work or works, at the time the fait therein contained (hall be brought in to be there ufed, ftoied, or depofited. t

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe the fait, fo to be brought in to be ufed, ftored, or Who (ball be depofited, at any fuch work or works, for the making of fuch *nfwerxblefor mineral alkali or flux for glafs, (hall be of lefs weight or quan- the'quan-^ tity than that contained in the entry thereof at fuch fait work tity ofiait or fait pits, at the time of the delivery thereof there as afore- brought to faid, the perfon or perfons to whofe ufe or on whofe account the (aid fait was fo delivered, at fuch fait works or pits as afore- work#-hid, (hall be anfwerable for the fame.

V.	And be it alfo further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That in cafe any perfon or perfons, io whom or on whofe ufe l*1*00*

or account any luch fait mall be delivered at any fuch bit ^Jttt c works or pits fecured as aforefaid, (hall ufe the fame, or any for any other part thereof, or any acid materials, to be . produced therefrom, purpofe atter after being ufed in the making of fiich mineral alkali or flux for	®jr

glafs as aforefaid, for any other purpofe than that of making ^ |uaeral alkali or IluxTor glafs, the perfon or perfons fo offend- giafS|

Digitized by

ing

44

potothan malting the laid »mneral alkali.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georg 11 III, c 39# [1782*

ing in the premifes (hall, upcp convi&ioo thereof, forfeit or pay, for the (alt or add materials fo to be ufed for any other purpofe as aforefaid, at or after the rate of double the rates or duties impofed by this prefent ad, or any former ad or ads of parliament, on rock fait or (alt rock delivered at or fiom any works or pits in Great Britain.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, or who (hall That in cafe any perfon or perfons wbomfoever (nail, under taifely procure any falfe or colourable pretext whatfoever, procure any fuch

fait to be delivered to him or them, at any fuch (alt works or to them^br Plts as aforefaid, and other wife than for the puipofe of being any other pur* ufed in the making of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, and (hau be convided thereof, the perfon or perfons fo (Sending in the premifes (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every bufhel fo obtained.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore&id. That it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral officers of the (aid fait duties to enter into all and every the works, warehoufes, and other places made ufe of by any proprietor or minufadurcr of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, made from rock fait, fait rock, brine, or fea water, as aforefaid, either for the purpofe of (taring or keeping the fame, or of (taring or keeping any fmle» brine, or fea water, for the purpofe or under colour of making the fame; and that if any fuch proprietor or manufadurer that, from and after the faid twenty-fecond day of June, one thou* fand (even hundred and eighty-two, upon due rcoueft or dc-mand made by the officers for the faid duties in the daytime, or in the night in the prefence of a conftablc, or other lawful officer of the peace, retufe to permit fuch officer to enter and come into any fuch works, warehoufes, (tarehoufes, and other places, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty pounds.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the aunty aforefaid. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to lay or impofe any duty on fuch Glauhar fairs as (hall be made or produced in any of the precedes of miking mineral alkali or flux for glafs, at aforefaid, and which Glauber falts (hall be truly and bona fide expended and confumcd In making fuch mineral alkali or flux for glafs.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afotefaief. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex-

Officer* may enter into the warehoufes, &c. of the nunufa&u-rers of fuch mineral alkali.

Penalty on refu&l.

This ad not to extend to ceftain Glauber falts §

nor to the mauufadure of kelp, Jcc.

made in Great rend, to the manufadure of kelp, barilla, or flux for glafe, made

Britain by the iHcineratton of plants.

New duties to be paid into the exchequer feparate

in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the monies arifing by the faid (everal additional rates and duties, herein-before by this ad granted, (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by the

dnti«a,and,er rcfpc<^ve coramiffioners for the duties on fait in England and entered ac-

cordingly.

Scotland for the time being, at fuch times, and in fuch manner.

Digitized by

Google

as

Anno vicefimo fccundo Osoroii III; c. 39.	45

as the prefent duties on fait are lay any law now in force dkeifted to be paid, (tbe neceffary charges of raifing, colle&ing, aod accounting for the fame, being deduced), for the ufes and pnrpofcs in this ad mentioned, dtftind and apart from all other mooies which foch commiffioners refpechvely (hall receive for the ofe of hit Majefty, his heirs and fucccflors; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the monies anting from the aforefaid rates and duties, and paid into the receipt of tbe exchequer ae aforefaid, (hall be entered fepa-rate and apart from the other monies paid and payable to hia Msjefty, hi* heirs and fucceflbrs, upon any account whatfoever; and the hid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer Application is aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and thereof, revenues, as (haH be granted by any a& or alts of this feffion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fond for the payment of thefarenl annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, asaredirT&ed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an ad of this prefent fcffidn of parliament, intituled. An aft raifing attrumfitm of money by	way	of annuities,and for a

Idttry.

XI.	And whereas by an aft, made in tbe year of tbe reign Part of an aft if bis	prefent Majefty, all foul fait, tailed by tbe feverol names of nil Geo. 3.

Grey or Screw Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Cruftinga, or recited. ubtr foul fait traduced in tbe manufafturing of white , within it kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to bo ufed in tbe manuring of	/that god

mtb a dutyof four ponce a bujbel only, for tbe encouragement of adtorei and all perfons are thereby refrained, under a certain petrify therein 'mentioned, from employing, or ufing or con fuming fuch foul fdtfor t*y other purpofes whatfoever than that of manuring of land: m	whereat, notwithfianding the refiriftion in the faid aft, abufet

art cmmtted contrary to the intent and meaning	;	therefore,	jfroin jjUne,,f

fir tbe better and more effeftuaily	presenting any abufes ftr tbe ,7g*, no grey

fettre, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no grey or ferow lilt, or (crow fait, fait fcale, fand fcale, or cruftings, or other foul produced fat whatfoever, produced and to be produced at any of the fait ^oJbiinEng-works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and land from tbe town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of fuch manofadtur-white fait as aforefaid, upon, and from and after the twenty-fecond day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- ,emomd fown two, (hall be removed or carried away from the works where the faid work* the fame (haH be produced, without notice firft given to the without giv. officer attending fuch works, or who (hall refide neareft thereto;inK	»

tndwithout having been firft well and fufficiently mixed; in the j^rfnoririth* prtfence of fuch officer, at the expence and charge of the ptfr- out being chsicT or purchafers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, with mixed with common chimney coal foot, in the proportion of two bulhets of foo*» **• hot to one hundred bufhels of fuch fait; and that if any perfon Penalty.

«r perfons (hall prefame to remove or carry away fuch foul fait from the faid works, without having been fo mixed with foot

as

Digitized by LjOoq le

4$

Anno t&xfima fccoadd GboaqiI Ill* 0.40. [1781

it afoeefakl, he* (he, t>r they (hall;. for every foch offence, forfri and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufiiel of fucb few felt; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflofl and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon. or perfons whoflsjj inform.or foe for the fame; .and to be recovered and levied! fttch manner and form, and. with fuch power of mitigation, j any fine, foifoiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered, by aj law or laws of excife, or by.aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or infm station, in any of-bis Majefiy’s courts of reoosd at IVeftm'tnflm wherein no effoio, protection, or privilege, wager of law, j|| more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed^	W

. , . XII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefea fotexecotinir That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any rime or times,, fl this aft, may filed, mokfted, or prefect] ted, for any thing by him or the! plead the ge> done or executed in patfinnoe of this aft, orofanydaufe, mm neral ilTue,	|er, or thing herein contained, fucb perfon and;perfona (hall all

may plead the general ifliie, and give the (pedal matter in em dence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdjj (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff 4 and	P^intiffs (hall become nonfoited, then fuch defendant or defen-

treble colts dants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them agaiad fitch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

Ah off	forpunijbing	'perfons wilfully and aiif

woollen, filk,	linen, or cotton or any implements prepared fee

or ufed in the manufaffure thereof; end for repealing fo much tf two	affs,made in the twelfth year	of King George the a

in the fixtb year of bit prefent as relStes to the punijbmtnt of perfons defir eying any woollen or filk	or any imph*

merits prepared for, or ufed therein.

Preamble. XI7 H E R E A S many violences and outrages have:been frefunt/j V V. committed by wicked and ill-difpofed	in	defraying

manufaffures of bool, filk, linen, and attest, and the materials, toils, tackle, and ether utenfils prepared for or ufed therein: and whereas, for the prevention of ftscb violences and outrages for the future, it is ntceffary exemplary psuufiment Jbould be	upon fiuh offenders

may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; am) be it enafted by tbe King’s rood excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of tbe lords fpiritutl and temporal, aad commons, in this prefent parliament afieroUed, and by the *u-Psrfons enter, thority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, by day

Imoany boufe or ty break *«**«> aa7 houfe or lhoP» or entef fo*'** in® with intent to any houfe or (hop, with intent to cot or deftnoy any ferge or cut or daftroy other woollen goods in the loom, or soy tools employed in anfc* aZrwU*n i°£ hereof; or (hall wilfully and maheioufly cm or deftnoy say tools ufedtn fi*0*1 forges or woollen goods in the loom, or on the rack; or tnanufaftur* (hall burn, cut, or defray, any rack on which any fiieh ferges ing thereof, or other woolkn goods me: banged in order to my ; or dull ..	~	wilfully

Digitized by L^ooQle

tySt.j' Aonp'vVwfimo fccundoGEoftoii HIwC<4<x	4$.

wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any tools ufed in tta: making any .fitch fcrges or other woollen goods, not having thc; content ef the owner fo to doj every fuch offender, being there-, of lawfully cooviCted, (half bo guilty of felony, withoi^t benefit, of clergy .

11; And be it further enaCted by $e authority aforefaid^Tfiat or if any perfoo or perfons (hall, by daypr.by night, bre*k into	itt

houteor (hop, or enter by force h*to any houfe.orlhop, with manufaAur-ioteot to cut or deftroy any.velvet, wrought (ilk, or filk mi^ed, ing thereof, with any other materials, or other filk manufacture, in the loom,^*11 be <*««“-or any warp or fhute, tools, tackle, pr utenfils ; or (hall wilfully teloav. and aulicioufiy cut or.fieftrpy any velvet, wrought filk, or. filk. r* mixed wytb any other materials,..or,other filk manufacture, in. the loom, or any warp or (hute, (oplf, tackle, on utenfils, prepared or employed in or for the snaking thereof; or (hall wilfully and tnaiiciquily (break or deftroy any tools,. tackle, or uteo-fil^ufed in or for the weaving or making of any fuch velvet,, wrought filk, or filks mixed with any other materials,, or other filk goods or. filk manufacture, not having the conduit of the owner fo to do* every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully: consiCted, (hall be guilty of felony, without bepefit of clergy* a

III.	And be it further enacted by. the authority, afore (aid, That Perfons enter-if any per (bn or perfons (hall,.,by day or by flight*; break iottt,’nS *ny ho"®* anyhoufia pr $hop, or enter by. force into any houfeor (hep? jnyt„Aoc« with intent to cut and deftroy any linen or cottqfe.pr 1 inert eittt 0r deftroy any cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen or cotton linen or cotton manufactures, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, £anifa?u/f*' and utenfils; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any deenvefi euiltr foen or cotton, w linen or cotton-. mixed w«h any other nuK of felony. tcriab, or.other linen and oottqn'Atannfa^ure, in (be loom, or

an; warp or finite, tools, .tackle,’ gnd u^nfijs, prepared for or anpldyed in the making thereof; or wUfoJty and. iQAlici-oufly break and deftroy any tools, tackle, or utenfils, ufed in or (sr the cardtng, fpihnmg, Weaving, preparingy oinmaklng, iti .. -my wray whatever, any fuch linen or,cotton,, or li«*e» w cotton mixed with any other materials, or other hnen oMcoNbn goods; or linen and cotton manufactures whatsoever, not having thd cedent of the owner (o to do; every fuch offender, being them- ■ of hwfuHy convided, (hall be guilty of felony, without benefit- '■ -ofde^y, .	-	v

IV.	And be it fort her enaCtedby the authority aforefaid. That PartpfuGeo. (omuch of an adt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King }♦» M*

Gorge the Firfti, intituled, An aa tt	prevm unlawful combknthnt

workmen tmpiojtd imikt wetHwvnanafaiiures,	poj±

mat if their wages, as relates to-ihe punifhmcnt of perfons who '.	"	^

(hsil,hy day or by nighr, break into any houfe or (hop, or err*	.	,

Ur tyrant mtoaayhoufoor(hop, with intern to cot -or defttey'	»

my urgent other woollen; goods, inthe loom, or any tools em«	1 ‘	'	*	:

ployed in-the making, thereof} or (ball wilfully and tmlieloufly '	*

m or deftroy ,any.fuch ferges,or wooden goods in the loom oi oothe rack; or ffali bona,, cat, or deftroy, any rack Oh which ., .	any

Digitized by Google

4t	Anno	vicefimd	fecundoGtoitdil III. C.41;

any fuch fergei or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry ; or (hall wilfully arid malicioufty break 6r deftroy any tools u(ed in the making any fuch ferges or other vtobllen goods, not haying the con font off the owner fo to' do; (hffll be,' arid Ur hereby repealed.

Part of 6 Gee.	V. And be if further ensdted by the authority dfof&aid, That

3M-* **» re- fomuch of an adt, made in the fixth year of this reigrii of his p*aJed" prefent Majefty, intituled. An 68 U prohibit the importatien of foreign wrought JiUs ond velvets, for limited time; etnd fir preventing unlawful	tombtoatieds employed in ibtflk mdme-

faButei at relates to the pOnHhnfcnt of perforis who (half, by day or by night, break into any houfe off (hop. Or eriter by force into any houfe off (hop, with intdit to Cut Off deftroy any reiver, wrought filk, or fitk mixed with' any other material?, or other filk mamifadture, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tods, tackle, or utenfils; or (hall wilfully arid foaliciouAy Out Or deftroy any velvet, wrought filk, or filk mixed vtith ahy othfef materials, or other filk manufacture, in the lob of, off any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utenfilt, prepared or employed in or for the making thereof; or (halt wilfully arid itfaliciouliy break or deftroy any tools, tackle, of utenfilt, Ufed in of for the weaving -	’ or making any fuch velvet, wrought filks, of fifttf mixed with

any other materials, or other filk goods or filk manofadtore, not having the eon font of the owner fo fo do; (hall be, and it hereby repealed*

cap. xl£

Ad	aB for better	feeutntgthe freedom of of mtmhefsio ferve

id parliament, by difabhng certain ofieets, employed in the collection or management ef bis Adaftff s revenues, ftim firing votes at fiub ebBioas.

PraambW. Tj'O R the better fettering the freedom of ebBitns of members'ta X* ferve in parliament, be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tbit prefent' parliament af-PromAagk t, fcmbled, and by the authority of the (ame. That, from'and af-,7*1,nocom- ter the firft day of Avptft, one thoufand feven' hundred and sujfionet or eighty-two, no commifuoner, colledlor, fupervifor, gauger, or gX[nt other officer or perfon whatsoever, concerned or employed in MdKng or • the charging, colledting, levying, or managing the duties of ex-managing the ci(e, or any branch or part thereof; nor any commiffioner, col-d«ws ye*- '• ledlor, comptroller, fearcher, or other offer or perfon whatfo-icSllbava ever» ccncernc^ or employed in the charging, colledting, lfevy-omy vote in >ng, or managing the cuftoma, or any branch or part thereof; the ekdtion of nor any commiffioner, officer, or other perfon concerned or etn-members of ployed in colledting, receiving, or managing, any of the duties parliament, on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, nor any perfon appointed by the commiffioners for diftributing of damps; nor any commiffioner, officer, or other perfon employed in called!-

ing.

Digitized by L.ooQle

17&2.J Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 4T.'	49

ing, levying, or managing, any of the duties on fait; nor any fartcyor, collector, comptroller, infpe&or, officer, or other per-ibo employed in collecting, managing, or receiving, the duties on windows or houfes $ nor any poftmafter, poftmafters general, or his of their deputy or deputies* or any perfon employed by or under hita or them in receiving, collecting, or managing the revenue of the {soft-office, or any part thereof, nor any captain, matter, or mate, of any (hip, packet, or other veflel* employed by or urtdef the poftmafter or poftmafters general in conveying the mail to and from foreign ports* (hall be capable of giving his vote for the eleAion of any knight of the (hire, commiflioner, citizen, burgefs, or baron, to ferve in parliament for any county, ftewartry, city, borough, or cinque port, or for chiding any delegate in whom the right of electing members to ferve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is veiled: and i£ any perfon hereby made incapable of voting as Penalty on# afore6id, (hall nevcrtbelefs prefume to give his vote, during the ^oaVdS?1* time he (haH hold, or within twelve calendar months after he qualified by (hill ceafe to hold or execute any of the offices aforeftid, con* this aCt. trtryto the true intent and meaning of this aCt, fuch votes fo given (kail be held null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfocver, and every perfon (b offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer* and the other moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the; hands of the treafurer of the county, riding, or divifion, within' which fuch offence (hall have been committed, in that part of Great Britain called England; and into the hands of the clerk of the juftices of the peace of the counties or ftewartries, in that pan of Groat Britain called Scotland, to be applied and difpofed of to fuch pdrpofes as the juftices at the next general quarter feffion of the peace to be held for ftich county* ftewartry, riding, or divifion, (hall think fit; to be recovered by any perfon that (hall fue for the fame, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlmin-Jfer/ut which noefioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law* or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; or by fummary complaint before the court of feflion in Scotland; and the perfon convicted on any fuch fuit (hall thereby become dibbled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office orplace of truft whatfoever under his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.	t

II.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing in this Not ta extend

aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any tocommttfio*. perfon or perfons for or by reafon of his or their being a com- {JJjJjJ	t

miffioner or commiffiohers of the land tax, or for or by reafon perfons siting of his or their aCting by or under the appointment of fuch cbm- under tbem^ ^ mlflioners of the land tax, for the purpofe of affeffing, levying,

collecting, receiving, or managing the land tax, or any othec rates or duties already granted or impofed, or which (hall here-after be granted or impofed by authority of parliament.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That nothingnor to offices in this adt contained ftudl; extend, or'be conftrued to extend, to by letters

Voi. XXXIV.	E	any	Patent for any

Digitized by Google

5°

eftate of in* bcritancc §

nor to perfons who (hall re-fign their offices before Aug. i, 1781. Limitation of actions*

Anno viceflmo fecundo Georgii III. 0,42. [ 1782.

any office now held, or ufually granted to be held, by letters patent for any eftate of inheritance or freehold.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, TJiat nothing herein contained (hall extend to any perfon who (hall refign his office or employment on or before the faid firft day of Augufi* one thoufand (even hundred a\n& eighty-two.

- V. Provided alfo, and be it enafled, That no perfon (hall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this a<ft laid or iropofed* unlefs profecution be commenced within twelve months after fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred.

CAP. XLIL

An a£t for building a ftone bridge crofs the river of Thames, from the pa-ri(h of Ealing, in the county of Middlefcx, to the oppofite (hore in tbk hamlet of Kew, in the county of Surrey.

Recital of an a ft 30 Geo. s. c. 63. and an ad 31 Geo. *• c. 46. Robert Tunftall efquire, his heirs, &c. impowered to build, at his and their expence, a ftone bridge crofs the Thames, near adjoining to the place where Kew bridge now ftands. Satisfadion to be made to the proprietors and occupiers of lands, See. No gravel, (and or mud to be removed between Kew and the oppofite aytes. The corporation of London, nor any other perfons to remove the fnoals now in the river Thames, for the (pace of 300 yards below the bridge, except fuch fhoals fhaU'be increafed and accumulated, and then they may be reduced to their prefent level, as the furveyors to be appointed by the city committee, and by the owners and occupiers of wharfs and warehoufes of Brentfopd 03 the banks of the river (hall agree. If the wharf owners, &c. of Brentford (hafl nteledt to appoint aTurveyor, the city of London may reduce the ffioals. The bridge to confift of (even arches, the centre one to be 66 feet wide, the next two 5 5 feet, the next two 45 feet 10 inches, and the other two 38 feet 4 inches, and the way for paffengers, carriages and horfesover the bridge, to be not lefs than *4 feet wide between the parapets. 344 feet and 4 inches water way. The abutment pier on the Surrey fide of the river to be half on the pre-fent towing path, and half on the bed of the river. Road to the bridge to be 4$ feet wide. Corporation of London impowered to build a Bight of ftone fteps is feet wide on the weft fide of the Middlesex abutment of* the new bridge, for the ufe of the publick to be repaired by the Cud corporation. Watermen not to carry paflengers acrofs the river to the prejudice of tbe tolls. Bridge veiled in Robert Tunftall efquire, his heirs ^nd af-fignsj who may take toll thereat, as follows s

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other vehicle, drawn by fix borfes, or other cattle, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence:	*

For every coach, chariot, laudau, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other vehicle, drawn by tour horfes, or other cattle^ the. fum of one (hilling and fixpence; and on Sundays, the fum of two (hillings:

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaif^ chair, calafti, or other vehicle, drawn by three horfes, or other cattle, the fum of one Bulling and two-pence; and on Sundays, the fum of one (hilling and eight-pence 1 For every coach, chariot, landau, berliq, chaife, chair* calalh, or otner vehicle, drawn by two horles, or other cattle, the fum of one.(hilling; and On Sundays, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence:

For every chaife, chair, or other vehicle, drawn by one horre, or other bead, the fum of eight-pence; and on Sundays, the lum of one (hilling:

. For every waggon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by more than fix horfes, or other cattle, the fum of two (hillings:

For

Digitized by Google

1782.] Anno vicefirfio fecundo Gborgii III. c. 42.

Vorevdry waggon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by four, and not more than fi* horles, or other cattle, the fum.of one (hilling and fix pence; and by two or three horfes, or other cattle, the fum of one (billing j and by one borfe, or other bead, the fum of eight-pence, except hjgjen and bakers carta, drawn by one horfe or bead only:

For every higler’s or baker's cart, drawn by one horft or other bead only, tbe fum of fixpence:

For every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the fum of two pence:

Tor every foot pafleoger whatfoev er, one halfpenny; and if with a wheel-harrow, or fuch like carriage, one penny t For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum of three (hillings and four-pence per (core; and after that rate for ahy greater or left number: For every drove of calves, bogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of fixpence psr (core 5 and after that rate for any greater or lefs number.

XoUs veiled in Robert Tunftall efq; his heirs and afligns, and mayl>e levied by diftreft and file. Tbe driver of any carriage to pafs toll free. The proprietor may kflen the tolls, and raid tnem again. Sale may be made of lands neceflary to be made u(e of in building toe bridge, by any bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or foie, feoffees in trod, executors, adminiftrators, hufbands, guardians, committees for hmaticks and ideott, and other tniftees, and they are indemnified by this aSt. Comraiffioners of the land tax to fettle differences touching fatif-frdion to be made for boufes, lands, &c. Where perfons refufe to treat about frle of lands, or are difabled from treating, commiffioners are to fettle the damage and recompence by a jury. Jury to be fummoned by the fberiff. is ro be the jury, and to be drawn as a& 3 Geo. s. direds. Wit-nefies may be examined on Oath. Jury to a(Teft the damages. Com mi f-fioners to give judgement for the fame. Verdi# of the fury, See. to be fiaal. Two tranfcnptt of (kid verdicts and decrees to be figned and feal-ed; one to be tranfmitted to Mr. Tunftall, and tbe other to the clerk of the peace for tbe county. Tbe fame, or copies thereof, to be admitted as evidence, &c. Upon payment or tender of tne fum aflefled. &c. the lands* frc. laay be entered and made ufe of. In default of a fufficient number of jurymen, (landers by, &c. to be returned. Commiffioners may fine fberiff;jury, barliflv, See. making default in the premifes.. Fine not ro exceed 40». and to be pkid to Mr. Tunftall. Commiffioners or others not toad where interefted. Lands, &c. not to be entered on till payment, or depofit made of the recompence, except to furvey and mark out the ground. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Damages omitted to be provided for, to be fettled by a jury. On default of payment, to be levied by diftrefs and fate, together with cofts; or the party may have his remedy at common law. Application to be made to the commiffioners within fix months after damage done. Overflowing of the neighbouring lands, ke. to be guarded againft. Meetings of commiffioners to be within t«o miles of the place where the matter (hall arife. Rent aflefled to be ptid quarterly. On default of payment, to be fned for at common law. btfiroying the bridge deemed a capital felony. Boatmafter anfwerable for any damage done by his boat or crew. When the paflageof the bridge (ball be impracticable, or become dangerous, a ferry, &c. to be provided % to be continued no longer than whilft the bridge is repairing. The bridge set rateable to any tax. Rights of the city of London on the river referred to them; The prrifent bridge to be taken down. Proprietor to eteft a temporary bridge, ftc. if needful; to continue no longer than ne-cefikry. No peribn to carry paflengers, ke. crofs the faid river for hire* except where ferries now are. Loaded waggons, &c. pafling over the prefent bridge, or over any temporary bridge, to be lubje# to the* regulations, both as to weight and breadth Of wheels, of the 13 Geo. 3. c. 14 at if the faid bridge was a turnpike road. New bridge made liable to a debt of 3,600); and mtCreft, due to Eiifha Bifcoe efquife. The a&s 30 sad 31 Geo. t. to be repealed on the opening the done bridge. Hackney coaches, kc. plying for hilt* at the bridge, may be regulated by order of

R a	the

sl

j

Anno vicefifoo fecundo Georgii HI. C. 43. (1781.

the commifiioners of hackney coaches, or two juftices of Middlefex, and tneir orders to be fixed up at the bridge. Penalty on coachmen for non* obfervance of fuch regulations, not more than 4.0 s. one moiety to the in*, former, and the other to the uie of the poor of the parilh of Ealing, to be levied by diltrefs and Tale of the offender's goods, and in default thereof may be committed to the hou e of correction, or other prifon of the county, and kept to hard labour for a month. Limitation of aftiona t againit per Tons acting under this aft, within fix months after the faff, and to laid in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey.^ The defendant may , plead the general iflfue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence, and have treble cods. To be a publick att,	N	,

C A P. XLIII.

i 1 - *

An aft for making a pafiage for carriages from Spitalfields to Blfhopfgato* (treet, in the county of Middlefex, and for paving the fame $ and for appropriating to thofe purpofes the money arifen by virtue of an aft, palled in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for applying the Turn of nine thoufand pounds, to arife out of the orphans fund, for . making fucb pailage.	,

•va

Aft 18 Geo. 3 c. 78. recited. And that 9,000!. had been paid hy the mayor? Ac. of London, by ninety bonds for fecuring tool, each, to John Spider and John Baker, junior, with condition for paying annuities after the rate of 41. zos. per cent, per ann. which was firft to be applied towards the cxpences of the (aid aft, -and afterwards for defraying theexpences of the pafiage, and (alter paying for the. faid aft, the bonds and other incidental ex pence*) the faid Spider and Baker had purchafed other bonds, and were then polTelTed of 10c bonds, and alio of 3001. Commifiioners named, and ou death, or refufal to aft tor one year, of any commilfioner, a new one to be appointed by writing under the hands of the other commifiioners, on ten days notice affixed on the church door. Meetings of commifiioners to be on the fecond Wednefday after pafiing the aft, and may adjourn thcmfelves as they think proper, and if at any meeting there (hall not be a'fufficient number of commifiioners to aft or to adjourn, or that they fiiould omit to adjourn, the clerk on two days notice to appoint a meeting, and in default thereof any commifiioner may. Quorum of commiffi* oners to aft not lefs than five. Orders and proceedings to be confirmed at the next meeting and figned by the chairman. Qualification of corn-miffioners (not to (ell ale, See, by retail, nor to aft where interefted, or whilft he has any place of profit under the aft, or a (hare in any contrafi) and to have in right of himfelf or wife in pofiefiion lands. See. of 401. per ann. clear value, or 10001. perfonal eftate. Penalty on afting not being qualified 501. to be recovered by aftion of debt. Commifiioners may appoint clerk, treafurer, furveyor, and other officers, and allow them fala-ries. Officers to account, Ac. Officers neglcfting to account, Ac. may be profecuted. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by diltrefs. On failure of diftrefs, Ac. the offender to be committed. Limitation of con* finement to fix calendar months. Penalty on officers taking more than their fettled fees, faJaries, Sec. tool, to be recovered by aftion of debt, Ac. in fix months. For recovery of monies, Ac. in officers hands, in cafe of death or bankruptcy, to be paid in preference to all other creditors, and to be paid in ten days after demand, or may be recovered by aftion with fqll cofts. That Mefirs. Spiller and Baker (hall deliver the bonds to the cqmmlfiioners. The new ftreet to be from Crifpin-ftreet near Spitalfields church into Bifhopfgate ltreet. Houfes to be taken down vefted in the commifiioners. Sewers to be made in the new ftreet. The pofition of water pipes to be altered where necefiary. Watercourfes to be arched over^ and die new ftreet to be railed. Drains and fewers to be made. Bodies politick, Ac. enabled to fell and convey lands, Ac. If parties refute to treat, a jury to afeertain the value and damages. The jury to he fum-moned by precept to the fheriff of Middlefex or London, or bailiff of the. Tower liberty, as the premifes may lie. Jurors may be challenged. Verdiflof,

Digitized by L^ooq le

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georg 11 III. c.44.

jury, Sec. to be final. On payment of the money affeffed partial to convey. On failure of making out a good title, Sec. the money to be lodged in the bank. Verdids, &c. to be regiliered with the clei k of the peace for Mid-dlefex, or liberty of the Tower, or clerk of the peace or arraigns of Lon-don. Purchafe money may be placed in the poblick funds. Perfons entitled to mefne profits to receive dividends. Unlefs purchafe money be paid »lthin three calendar months, verdids not to be binding. * Ex pence s of the jury to be paid, if for a greater fum than offered by the commif-fioners, by them, but if for lefs, by the other party, or deduced out qf the money to be paid. Purchafe money may be laid out in other eftates, to be fettled to the like ufes. That conveyances by femes-covert (hall be valid. Mortgagees, in poffefiion of the premifes, to quit the fame on being paid their principal money with intereft. When mortgagees refufe to accept their money, payment into the bank is to be made. Purchafe monies, See. to be p^id out of the produce of the bonds. ‘Tenants to quit on fix months notice. Fines on Iheriff, See. or jurymen, for ncglcdl or mi(behaviour, not more than 10I. to be recovered with colls, by dittrels and fale of the offender's goods, and applied to the purposes of the aft. Adi to be executed within five years. Commifiioners to buy the whole of any premises, where tbe owner defires it, and may difpofe of overplus ground. Buildings may be ere&ed on part of tbe ground of the new ilreet or places to be arched over or filled up. New houfes to be eredted in an uniform fine, and no porticoes, benches or bow-windows on penalty of 501. Money may be borrowed on houfes purchafed, and not wanted immediately to be taken down. Such mortgages may be afligned. The new ilreet to be paved. Penalty on perfons not fulfilling contrails to b$ contained therein, and may be recovered with full colls, to be applied for tbe pur-pofes of the a&. Ground may be hired for digging gravel or lodging materials. Penalties on perfons obftrudling commifliuner* and others in execution of their duty. For the firll offence aos. the fecond 40s. and every other 3I. Tbe parts of the new ilreet, when finiihed, to be under the refpedive jurifdidlions to which they belong. The name of the new Ilreet to be put up. Expencesof this ad to be firll paid. Adlions to be brought io the name of tbe clerk or treafurer. Writings to be without llamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diffrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels by warrant of a jufttce of the peace, and to be applied to the purpofes of this adl. In default of diffrefs, tbe party may be committed to the boufe of correction for not more than two months, nor lefs than feven days, if not fooner paid. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the

?[uirter (cflions; giving fix days notice. Diffrefs not to be deemed un-awful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of adtions againft perfons idling under this adt, not till 30 days notice, and within fix months after the fad, and not after tender of amends; and the defendant may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and may have treble colls. To be a publick ad. To this ad is annexed a fchedule of the houfes and buildings to be taken down, ahd ground to be ufed for making the ppeniug.

CAP, XLIV.

An ad for amending the pavement in, and for lighting fame of tbe ftreets, lanes, ways, and places, in the parifhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift, in Weftminfter, which are at prefent excluded from the provifions of an ad, palled in the eleventh year of his prefent Ma-jefty, (intituled. An ad to amend and render more effednal feveral ads made relating to paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and parts adjacent,) and for preventing nuifances and annoyances in or neaf tbe fame; and for making an opening from Orchard-ftrect, and widening Tome part of Wopd ftreef, and of Little Peter-ftreet.

Sl	Aft

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii 111. c. 44. [1789.

Ad 11 Qcq. 3. c. *%. recited. The houfes in the ftreets, dec. exempted in the recited ad are gone much more to decay fince fuch exemption; and the pavements in a ruinous ttate, See. If power was given to amend the pavements, and light the ftreets, See. it would be a means of railing the value of eitates there. Commiflioners appointed for thofe purpofes, to feie the veftrymen of Saint John the Evangebft, the churchwardens of Saiiit Margaret, and feven perfons chofen by the veftry there, to be houfeholdefs in ibme of the ftreets, Sec. to be improved with ten perfons to be named by the commiffioners at their firft meeting, and in care of vacancy of any of the feven for Saint Margaret, by death, non-refidence, or refufel to aft, the veftry to chufe another. Dilqualification, being a vi&ualier felling ale, &c. by retail, holding place of profit under this ad, or having (hare of any contra#, nor (except the perfons named at the firft meeting) unlels a vet tryman of Saint John the Evangetift, or churchwarden of Saint Margaret, or an houfeholder as aforclaid. Penalty on ading not being qualified 501, to be recovered by adipn, &c. and the onus probandi to lie on the deteq. dant. Commiffioners who are juftices may ad as fuch; except where in* terefted, or as to making rates. Juftices may adminifter oaths. Commit-' fioners may bring adions in their clerk's name. Firft meeting at the veftiy room of Saint John on the fccond Tuefday after palling the ad, aud after* wards as they may think proper, and if a fuffibent number do not meet to ad, or adjourn, or omit to adjourn, the clerk may call a meeting on eight days* notice, and in default, five commiffioners may appoint a meeting in fourteen days. All orders to be made by the majority at publkjc meetings. Commilfioners to pay their own expences. Quorum of com-iniflioners appointed to be five. Commiffioners may appoint a clerk, treafurer, colie dors of rates, fiirveyors, and other officers, and perfons to remove nuifances, and allpw them falariei. Officers to give fecurity, and to account, and pay the balance, or they (nay be fued. Balance may bt levied by diftrefs. On failure of diftreu, &c. offender to be committed till he gives a full account, and pays or compounds the money due; bat fuch commitment not to difcharge fureties. No perfon to be committed for more than three calendar months. Officers taking any reward othef than their faiaries; or being interefted in any bargain made by the cora-miffioners; are disqualified from being employed under this ad, and tb forfeit 501. On death of officers, or becoming infolvent, exeenton, Set. to account; and to pay the balance in preference to any other creditor ; and may plead andJpve in evidence fuch payments. Commiffioners im-powered to bring actions againft executors, Sec. Streets, Sec. to be paved, amended and cleaafed. Stratton ground, Orchard-ftreet, Duck lane, Ola Pye-ftreet, New Pye ftreet, and College-ltreet, partly in the parifh of Saint Margaret and partly in the parifh of Saint John i and alfo the Great and Little Almonry, the New Way, New Tothill ftreet, Dacre-ftreet, Cooper-ftreet, and Caftle lane, wholly in the parifh of Saint Margaret; and luce-wile all other ftreets at prefent excluded from the provifions of the ad ir Geo. 3, before recited. Commiffioners may bring adions for breach of Cbntrad, and recover the penalty, to be applied to the purpofes of this ad. This ad not to extend to Dean's Yard, nor to extend4 to any ftreets, &c‘. but thofe particularly named. Inhabitants to give notice to the furveyor when pavements want repair, which he is to view, and (if not from water pipes) the commiffioners to order the fame to be repaired by contrador in a certain time, and if not done, he is to forfeit to s. per day till repaired, one half to the complainant, and the other for the puipoies of this. ad. Lamps to be put up. Penalty on perfons injuring lamps. Sec. wilfully, may be apprehended by warrant qf a juftice, or by the perfon feeing fuch oifcnoe committed without warrant, and others may affift, and to deliver the offender to a peace officer, to be dealt with according to law; and if the pa>*ty fh*U be> convided of wilfully breaking, jtbrowing down, or ebunaging any lamp, or exttnguifbiug the light, or damaging the polls, irons, or Tor-oititre thereof, by confeffion or information on oath, to forfeit for the firft o#Vs£f %Q$. for the fecond 40*. and for every other 3}. and alfo to make fatsta&ion for the damage done, which if not immediately paid, to Jbe committed to gaol or bridewell for Weftminfter, for not more than tiro Afciths nor Ids than ten days, if qo^fooner paid. Satisfadion to be made

Digitized by Google	bT

1781.] Anno ricefimo fecundo GeoROU III. c. 44.

by perftms negligently breaking lamps. See. to be afcertained by a juftice, and levied by dittrefs^and fale of goods. Penalty on interrupting workmen, ndt more than 40s. nor lefs than 5 s. Property of lamos, &c. vefted in the cobimiffioners. Penalty on caufmg annoyances by cafting, thrown ing, or laying afhes, filth, carrion, offal, blood, dull, dirt, or rubbifh in any of the faid ftreets, See. for the firft offence 5 s. for the fecond 78. 6 d. and every otrver 10s. Nutft rices to be reihoved on three days notice. Penalty on neglect ao s% per d*y during the continuance after. Persons removing night foil Contrary to this aft may be committed for not more than two calendar mofttht, nor lefs than ten days, and kept to hard la* boor, and the commifitoners may order not more than aos. nor left than 51. to be paid to the deteftor and profecutor. Goods, and alfo carriages, obftra&ing the pafftge, rtiay be feized, and (ecu red tilt the offender pays all ceils, and alfo 5s. and if notclaimed in two days may be (bid, and the money arifing therefrom applied to the purpofes of this aft. Fences to be made against wafte grounds tn teti days after notice, of may be done by the c6m-nuffioncr*, and the party to pay the expence, which may be recovered py a&on with cofts. CommHboriers impowered tp purchafe certain tenements, Scc. for widening ftreets. If parties cannot agree, a jury to be fommoiied; who (hall affeertaifi the recompence* Sec. to be made to owners sod occnpiers. Verdift of jury. Sec. to be final. Commiffioners may fine the (beriff, dec. making default. Witnefles may be examined on oatiu £xpences of tl|e juries and witnefles to be paid by the commiffioners if tne money more than they have offered, if left by the other party. Bodifca politick. See, impowered to fell. Time limited for paying purchafe mo* ' ney1 three calendar months, oC the judgement. Scc. to be void, if a jury is hot called according to notice given, it (hall not be done at any time afterwards. Power to make rates, not exceeding the yearly fohn of 1 s. 6 d. in the pound. Rates to be allowed by two juft ices, and power given to Ibvy the fame by diftreft and fale of goods 1 and in default of goods, may be committed by two jnfticeS to gaol or tne houfe of correftion for t*p months, it the rate and cofts are not fboner paid* Occupiers quitting without paying fates, may be followed. Rates may be fued for. Empty houfes (hall be afleffttl at one half, to be paid' by the owner, or by the firft or other occupier, who may deduft the feme out of his rpnfi, and the landlord to allow the feme. Under-tenants, See. liable to the rates, Tbofe rates (hah be? recovered as others* and deducted out of rents. Publiclc build* lags and dead walls (hall be afiefied at 6d. per fqirare yard per ann. Coni-miffioners may mitigate rates* Power to make re-aUeftinents if the col-leftor becomes infolvent, or embezzles the money collected. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Commiffioners may borrow money at in-tejrdft, of raiie money by fale of annuities. Annuities at the rate of 101. per cent, per ann. and the purchafe money for any one not more than S50I. and the whole fum to be borrowed not more than 1,0001. Commif-fioners order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his jntcreft aryi annuity 5 which (hall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed inde-feafib&eeftatesi not chargeable to tne land tax. Securities may be aligned, todes quoties* As annuitants die, the rates ho be lowered. Monies may be railed by (ale of annuities, in the place of thofe that have ceafed, for the payment of the iritereft of the money borrowed. Expences of this aft to be paid out of the firft money raifed. Commiffioners may compound for.penalties. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods by warrant of two juftices; and in default of goods, the party may be committed, for not more than two months nor left than ten days, it rate and cofts be not paid before. Appeal may be made to the commiffioners * and afterwards to the quarter feffion. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffion; giving eight days notice* Diftreft not to be unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends made. Writings exempted from ftamp-duty. Proceedings to be entered in books, which may be read in evidence. Pro* ceedings not removeable by Certiorari. In habitants exempt from former laws, except the recited pairing aft of it Geo, 3, Scc. Limitation of ac-

E 4	tiout

Digitized by

Google

5	6	Anno	vicelipio	(pcpocio	Gbo&gii	III.	C.	45.	£	178a.

tion* for aging uncfer this a#f not till ti days notice, or if amends be tendered, nor after fix calendar months, and to be laid where the matter arofe; and the defendant may plead the general ifiue, and give the (pedal master in .evidence, and have treble colts. To be a publick a&.

Preamble*

After the end ot this fefiion, all perfons holding contracts for the publick fer* vice, (hall be incapable of being defiled, or fitting in the hoole of conpQops.

C A P. XLV.

An aft for refraining any perfon concerned in any contraft, cmmif-fton, or agreement, made for the publick fervice, from being ebftei, or fitting and voting as a member of the boufe of commons.

FO R further fecuring the freedom and independence of parliament, be it enalted by the King’s rood excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the end of this prefent feifion of parliament, any perfon who (hall, di-redly or indireltly, himlelf, or by any perfon whatfocver in trull for him, or for his ufe or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, in the whole or in part, any contra#, agreement, or commiffion, made or entered into with, under, or from the commiffioners of his Majefty’s trcafury, or of the navy or victualling office, or with the mailer general or fyoard of ordnance, or. with any one or more of fuch commit , fioners, or with any other perfon or perfons whatloever, for or on account of the publick fervice; or (hall knowingly and willingly fumifh or provide, in purfuance of any fuch agreement, contrail, or commiffion, which he or they (hall have made or entered into as aforefaid, any money to be remitted abroad, or any wares or merchandize to be uled or employed in 4he fervice of the publick, (hall be incapable of being cledfid, or of fitting or voting as a member of the boufe of commons, during fbp time that he lhall execute, hold, or enjoy, any fuch contrail, -agreement, or commiffion, or any part ot (nare thereof, or any benefit or emolument arifing from the fame.

II.	Apd be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, being a member or the hbufe or commons, (hall . . dirclUy or indireHly, himfelf, or by any other perfon whatfo-ho?danyco^ evc.r ifl tri4 for him, or for bU pie or benefit, or on hisac-uaft after the count, enter into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute, in commence- the wnole or in part, any fuch contrail, agreement, or commif* ment of the fion> as aforefaid ; or if any perfon, being $ member of the houfe h?$Xfeat (hali commons> and having already entered into any fuch contrail, be void. agreement, or commiffion, or part or (hare of any fuch contra#, agreement, pr commiffion^ by himfelf, or by any othef perfon wbatfoever in truft for him, or for his ufe or benefit, pr upon his account, (hall, after the commencement of the next feffionof ;	parliament,	continue jo hold, execute, or enjoy the fame, or any

part thereof, the feat of every fuch perfon in the boufe of campions (hall be, and is hereby declared to be void.

Not to extend • III. Provided always, and bp it enalled, That nothing hereifi ratedTrachng £detained (hall extend, pr be copfirped to extfnd, to.apy poo-companics.

Any member accepting a contra#, or

Digitized by v^ooQle

57

1782.3	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 45.

trad, agreement, or commiflion, made, entered into, Or accepted, by any incorporated trading company in its corporate capacity, nor to any company now exifting or eftablifhed and confiding of more than ten perlbns, where fuch contra#, agreement, or com mi (Don, (hall be made, entered into, or accepted, for the general benefit of fuch incorporation or company.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena#ed,That nothing in this a# Not to extend contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any coo-

trad, agreement, or commiflion, made, entered into, or accept- farm year* ed, before the paffing of this a#, the term whereof will expire in the (pace of one year from the time of making thereof.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That where any con- ciauferelative trad, agreement, or commiflion, has been made, entered into, to cootra&s or accepted, with a provifion that the fame (hall continue until which are not a year’s notice be given of the intended diflolution thereof, the ayw’iinoSce fame (hall not difable any perfon from fitting and voting in par- be given* Lament until one year after the laid notice flull.be actually

given for the determination of1 the faid contra#, agreement, or commilfion, or till after twelve calendar months, to be computed from the time of pafling this a#.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it eo*#ed. That nothing herein Not to extend contained (hall, extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfpn to contracts by on whom, after the pafling of this a#, the completion of any

contra#, agreement, or commiflion, (hall devolve by defeent or poffef-iimitation, jor by marriage, or aa devifee, legatee, executor, or fan. F admUnftrstQr, :uotiI twelve calendar months after he (hall have been ip pofleflion of the fame.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena#ed. That any perfon who Members

is now a member of the houfe of commons, and bolds and en- holding coo-joys any fuch contra#, agreement, or commiflion, as aforefaid, ^fchargS6* may be difeharged from the execution thereof on giving twelve therefrom on months notice to the per(on or perfons with or. from whom fuch giving is contra#, agreement, or commiflion, is made, entered into, or ®°ntEs accepted, of his defire that the fame (hall ceafe and determine; ncc* and fuch contra#, agreement, or commiflion, after the expira- . lion of the term aforefaid, (hall be null and void.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That if any perfon actually poffcfled of Cltnfe relative a patent for a new invention, or a prolongation thereof by a# to patentees of parliament, and having contra#ed with government concern- for

ing the obje# of the faid patent before the pafling of this a#, fentl0nf*

(hill give notice of his intention to difiolve the laid contra#, the Aunt (hall be null and void from the time of giving fuch nolice.

IX. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon hereby difabled, or declared to be incapable to fit or vote in parliament, (hall nevertheiefs be returned as a member to ferve for any county^ ftewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, in parliament, fuch cle#ion and return are berpby ena#ed and declared to be void; and if any perfon, difabled and declared incapable by this a# to be ele#ed, (hall, tftertheend of thi? prefem fcfllon of parliament, prefiujie to

If any perfon hereby difqut-lifted (hall be elefted. Inch ele#ion (hall be void. Difsbled perfons who (halt fit in the houfe of com* mons after

S8

this feflion, JhaM forfeit 5001, for each day.

A conditibn to be inlerted in all publick contract, that 00 member of the hoofc of common! (hall have any (hare thereof. Penalty on . contractors who (hall admit any member of the boufe of commons to any (hare of their mttra&i. v

Limitation of a&ions.

Anno Vlcefurw fecundo Gk&RGiI III. c. 46. [178)

fit or vole 96 a member of the'hbttfe of common 1, fuch perfd fo fitting or voting (hall forfeit the fain of five hundred pound for every day in which he (hail fit or vote in the laid houfe, t any pecton or periods who (hall foe for the fame, in any of hi Majefty’s couru at	and the money fo forfeited (ha

be recovered by the person or perfons fo fuing, with. full cofl of fuit, in any of the (aid courts, by any aftion of debt, bil{ plaint, or information, in which no efioin, privilege, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be alio* cd j or by fummary complaint before the court of feifion in Sm land ■, and every perfon, agalnft whom any fuch penalty or for feiture (hall be recovered by virtue of thit ad, (hall be frot thenceforth incapable of taking at holding any contraft, agree mem, or com million, for the publkfc fervice, hr any (hare there of, or any1 benefit or ednoimnent fmm the fame, in any marine whatibevetv

X*And-he it enafted, That in every fuoh contra*ft, agree ment, or cotfimiflion, to be Mtfdey entered into, op accepted, a afonefaid, theta (hall bo inferred an «*p*fs condition, that m member of the houfe of common! be admitted to any (hare a part of fuch CDAtraft, agreement, dr commiflioh, or to any be' nefit to arife therefrom: and that ifl cafe any pdrfon or period) who hath or have entered- mtb or accepted, of who (hall erne into or accept, any fuch cimtraft, agreement, or commiffiori (hall admit any member or members of the houfe of common! to any part or (hare thereof, or to receive any benefit thereby, all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall, for every (bch offence, forfeir and pay the fdm of five hundred pound*) to b< recovered, with full cofts of fait, in any of his Majefty’i court! of record at	IVtflminfler, by any perfon	or perfotis who (hall fui

for the fame, by any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no enbin, privilege, proteftion, or wager of law, 01 more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; or by fumroarj complaint before the court of feflion in Scotland.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no perfon (hall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty inflifted by this aft, unlefi a profecutibh (hall be commenced within twelve calendar month) after fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred;

CAP. XLVI.

An aft	toenoMe bis Majtfly to	a peace or truce with

colonies in North America therein mentioned*

Preamble. \\7 HERE AS it is ejftntial to the	,	, and pro*

V V fptrity of Great Britain^ aud of the colonies or plantations of New Hampdlhire, MaflachufePs Bay, Rhode Iiland, Connec-. tieut, . New York, New Jerfey, Penfylvania, the thru lower cm-ties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Sooth . Carolina, and Georgia, in North America, that 'peace,

trade, and copmerte, Jbould be	between	them:	,

Digitized by Google

ty82.]	Anno vicefimo fccundo Georg nIIL C.47.

■.mi fer a fall manifejlalien	tf the earnefiwifi) and dtftre tf Jut JA-

e/lj and bis parhament ta put an and tt lie calamities tf war, be it Traded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the jfeice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-ity s fthe Came, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Ma> His Majeftr * efly to treat, coofult of, agree, and conclude, with any commif- impowend to loner or commiflioners, named or to be named by the (aid co- conclude oaies or plantations, or any of them refpe&ively, or with any ■ody or bodies corporate or politick, or any a (Tenthly or adem* *„ North dies, or defcription of men, or any per(bn or perfons whatfo- America j met, a peace or a trace with the (aid colonies or plantations, or my of them, or any part or parts thereof 1 any kw, ad or ads tf parliament, matter, or thing, to the contrary in any wife not-	'*

rirtdbnding.

II.	And, in trier tc tbviafe any impediment ,tbftath, dilap, tt

be	carryingthe intentions of bis Majefy and bis	into	'

00, which might arift firm any after alls tf	effelliag

r relating tt tbt find	colonies or plantations,be it further enaded

yy the authority aforekid, That, for the concluding and efta- “d, for that ddhing of a peace or truce with the kid colonies or plantations; £"2*, »*?

* any of them, his Majefty foall hare foil power and authority, fujpend the ry virtue of tbit ad, by his letters patent, undo: the great feal operation of AOrtat	Britain,to repeal, annul, and make void*, or to fafpeod; soy »&* Co far

or any time or rimes, the operation and efFed of any ad or ads ** ^*^*'**®

A parhament which relate to the kid colonies or plantations, ionic, **"

ir any©f them, fo far as the fame do relate to them, or any of

hem, or any part or parts thereof, or any claufe, provifion, or

natter therein contained, fo far as foch ciaufes, piroaifions, or

natters relate to the kid colonies or plantations, or any of them,

n any part or ports thereof.

III.	And be it further enaded. That this ad, as to the exJ Continuance tcifc of the powers andauthorities hereby given to his Majefty, of this ad. hall continue to be in foil force until the hrft day of July, one

bouknd (even hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLVII.

& oHfor lictnfsng lottery offset beepers, and regulating the fait of lottery tickets.

(TT H E R E A S atilotteries, exceptfutb as art permitted by	Preamble^

y V of parliament, are contrary to law, and	under va-	T

•ins fiatntes tf tils realm: and whereas, to prevent tbt abaft tf

vb lotteries os for the time being ore tftabbjbed by aU ef parliament,

its fit that there Jbtuld be a permanent regulation, bite of the hep-

riif lottery	offices,and ef the fait tf lottery tickets : and ushereas it

it become a commmprallice in London, and other places ef Great

&»*io,	to have offsets for felling tickets in lotteries	in	Ire-

knd, by Iriftt alls ofparhament: and whereas it is thought expedient

lotOew tf the felling futb Iri(h tickets within Great Britain, on tbt

•’riwj of having tbt Jalt tf them under the fame regulations as art

herein-Digitized by Google



Irilk tickets

rv be fold in Tame manner at BritHh tickets.

No perfon to keep a lottery, office without taking out a licence from the (lamp-office.

Each licence to coft 501.

Licence to fet forth the name of the perfon taking out the fame,&c. and to continue in force for one year.

[«7«

Anrife vicefimo feeundo Georgii III. c. 47.

berein~aft$r appointed for tukets in lotteries tjlablijhed by British a of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may. vnaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent m jelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritti and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afieri bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be law| to buy and iell, within all parts of Great Britain, (except with the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge), any ticket or tick* in any lottery or lotteries now authorifed or hereafter to be an thorifed by any Irijh ad of parliament, or any (hare or (hares i any ticket or tickets in any fuch lrijb lottery or lotteries, in fi fame manner as if fuch lrijb tickets were tickets in a lotto eftablifhed by an ad of the parliament of. Great Britain.

II.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon or perfons Asti publickly or privately, open, fet up, exercife or keep, by himfa or berJelf; or any other perfon Or perfons, any office for buyinj felling, or otherwife dealing in any tickets, or for regiftering tt numbers of any tickets in the lottery authorifed by any adi the prefent fcffion of parliament, or in any lottery which (hi be authorifed by any fature ad of parliament; or in any lottei now eftabliftied, or hereafter to be eftablifhed, by any lrijb » of parliament; or (hall, by writing,. printing, or otherwhi publilh the fetting up, or ufing any fuch office, without fiti taking out a licence for that purpofe from the commiffioners fa managing the duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, and pi per, for the time being, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiflionen or any three of them, are hereby impowered and required, b writing under their hands and feals, to grant a licence for ai pffice for felling and dealing in lottery tickets, authorifed b law, to all and every perfon and perfons applying for the fame but, previoufly to the delivery 6f any fuch licence, and before i (hall have any effed, there (hall be paid, over and above al other payments to which the perfon or perfons taking out fuel licence may be refpedively liable by any other ad of parliament whether as brokers, or otherwife, the fum of fifty pounds fo every fuch licence, at the (lamp-office, at the time fuch licenc (hall be delivered tp the perfon or perfons applying for the fame and every fuch fum of fifty pounds (hall be applied towards dc fraying the expences of the (lamp-office in executing this ad and rithcrwtfe.ia manner herein-after prefcribed.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch licence (hal fet forth the true name and place of abode of the perfon or per* Ions taking out the fame; and alfo the particular houfe or plao whetefech bufinefs or dealing in lottery tickets (hall be carnet

on; and. fuch licence (hall continue in force for twelve calendai

months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every perfor ading or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, aftei the expiration of fuch licence, without the authority of a new licence, to be taken out in the fame manner, (hall be confidered in every refped as an unlicenfcd perfon.

...	r	V.	Provided

Digitized by Google

782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.47.	1	61.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no li- No licence fo pace (ball be granted for having any fuch lottery office as afore-	in

id within the tmiverfities of Oxford and Cambridgt, or either of oxford or eo j and if any licence (hall be granted for any fuch lottery Cambridge. Bee within either of the faid univerfities, it (hall be void and ; no effed; and the perfon or perfons ading under fuch licence all be liable to the fame penalty as an unlicenfed perfon.

VL And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon and Perfon* keep-rfoos who (hall open, fet up, or keep, any office tor buying, »ng any office King, or otherwife dealing in fuch lottery tickets, as aforefaid, ^^a^to f any (hares thereof, or for regiftcring the numbers of fuch forfcit diets, without the authority of fuch licence as aforefaid, or in iy other houfe or place befides that named in the licence which r, (he, or they* (hall have, or in any other manner contrary r filch licence, or to the intent and meaning of this prefent i, (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred Hinds.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon Certain words id peHons to be Jicenfed under this ad, (hall caufe the words,to

unfed to deal in Lottery Tickets^ to be written or expreffed, in °”ch i^fcd

pbk characters, upon or near the door in the front of his, office.

er, or their office, (hop, or other place for felling of tickets, to

enote that fuch perfon or perfons is or are a dealer or dealers

1 lottery tickets, and liable to take out a licence; and if any

tribn or perfons (hall prefume to fell or deal in fuch lottery

diets as aforefaid without complying with the faid provifioo,

e, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall, for every day in which fuch

fence (hall be committed, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty

Dunds.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per- Penalty on tns whatfoever (hajl forge or counterfeit, or caufe to be forged [erin”* °r lil r counterfeited, or aflift in forging or counterfeiting, any li- cencc. *** ence authorifed to be made by this ad for the purpofe afore-

ud, or (hall fraudulently alter, or caufe to be altered, or aflift a altering, any fuch licence as (hall be really granted under this d, or (hall knowingly make ufe of any fuch forged, counter-wted, or altered licence, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every sch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety hereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other noiety to him that (hall profecute or fue for the fame; to be ^covered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any f his Majefty’s courts of record at Wijlminfter> in which no fotn, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, hall be allowed; and (hall alfo be fubjed to imprifonment for ach term, not exceeding fix months, as the court, in which he party offending (hall be oonvided, (hall appoint.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further cnaded. That all and. All perfons werythe perfon and perfons to whom any fuch licence as afore- fak,nS out kid (hall be granted, (hall, at the time of receiving fuch li-1

give (ecurity by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- hi* Majefty. j B&m, in the fum of one thoufand pounds, with two or more *: ; *	*

'	Sufficient

6i

Condition

thereof.

Aitao viceflmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 47. [17?!

fuffirient fureties, to be approved of by the faid commiffione* or any three or more of them; of which bond the conditi^ (hall be, that if fuch perfon or perfons (hall well and truly coi form and obferve all the regulations and provifions of this m to far as he, (he, or they (hall be concerned therein, fuch bor (hall be void, but otherwife to be and remain in full force; at the laid commtffioners, or any three or more of them, are herj by authoriftd to take the faid bond; and if, at the end of t|

year for which any fuch licence (hall be granted, it (hall appear, I the (atisfadtion of the faid commiflioners, o

licenfed per

or any three or mo of them, that the perfon or perfons entering into any fiich bot hath or have adted in conformity to the diredHons and pro^ lions of this adit, during the year for which the licence mall I granted, then die find commiflioners, or any three or more j them, are hereby authorifed to caufe fuch bond to be deKs Up and cancelled; but otherwife the laid commiflioners 1 (unlefs they (hall fee fufficient reafon to forbear from profa tion) caufe every fuch bond to be profecuted.

X, Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any per

of^an^ffwce or Pcrf°ns>lo whom any fuch licence as aforefaid, (haH be j againft this cd, (hall be convidted of any offence againft this adt, whet]

againft J act, (hall forfeit their ll-i cence, fee.

Nobofinefs to be tranfafted

_ whether c

profecution of the bond to be given in manner aforefaid, or o| profecution for any penalty whatever under this adf, fuch cob vidtion (hall operate as a forfeiture of fuch lieence, and fro* thenceforth the fame (hall be void; and the faid commiflionei may, if they (hall think fit, refufe to grant to the perfon or pel fons fo convidted a licence in future.

XL And be it further enadted, That no fuch office for fottd tickets, and fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, (hall be open/or ffl offiSbeSSrc^* tranfadion of any burfinefs, under fuch licence, before the ho« eight in the of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eigr morning, nor of the clock m the evening, except on the evening of the Sattn after eight in fay preceding the drawing of any lottjny 5 and if any fuch oflk or place (hall be wilfully kept open, in point of time, contrar to this adt, the perfon or perfons licenfed to keep fuch oflk (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XII. And whereas the dividing of tickets in a lottery into vet fmalj Jbares has been found mifehievous; be it further enadted, Ths if any perfon or perfons, foto be licenfed as aforefaid, (half fe

the evening, Exception.

Penalty on

^re^hTthan an^	or	^ares	of	any	ticket	or	tickets*	in	any	loi

sixteenth, tery, than a fixteenth, or publi(h any propofals for felting an ftnaller (hare or (hares, every foch perfon (hall, for every o( fence in fo doing, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and ftirtha the contradt on every (uch (ale of a (mailer (hare than a fibl t^enthjhall be void in law.

XUE Andy in order to prevent aUadvenhtring with lottery tick its in any fuch lottery as afirejaidy other than Jueb as Jball necejfbrii . .	.	from	the	real	and	aSlUaffiie	of fnth ticketSy andof fuels /ban

A ftf'thereofy as are hereby permittedi be it further ertadled,That it (h* -4 • * ** not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to fell the chance d chances of any ticket or tickets, in any-fuch lottery as afoitfrid o	f<

dung—. fe,

Digitized by Google

i7$i.] Anno vicefimo fecjindo Gboroii III. c. 47.	63

fqraday, pr any Ids time than the whole time of drawing in tty filch lottery, or to infure for or againft the drawing of any fech ticket or tickets, or to receive any money or goods in con-{deration of any agreement to repay any fum or fums, or to deliver the lame, or other goods, if any fuch ticket or tickets foall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other chance or tffcnt relative to the drawing pf any fuch ticket or tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the iftjne of their being drawn, or otherwlfe howfoever; or under pay pretence, devife, form, denomination, or defection whatsoever, to promife or agree to pay any fum or fums, or to deliver tty goods, or to do or forbear doing any thing for the benefit pf any perfon or perfons, whether with or without confidera-Sion, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any fuch ticket or tickets, or to pubtifh any proposal for any of the purpofes aforefaid; and if any perfon or per- Penalty -ifoos (hall offend againft this adl in any of the matters aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum ttf fifty pounds; stod further, the contrail in every foch cafe JkaU be void,

^XIV. And to prevent filling /bares of tickets by any perfonS) exit tbi real proprietors thereof^ and felling fharei of any ticket beyond t member of fbares equal to the whole thereof; be it further ensiled, That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to Penalty on ^ell any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets, in any fuch lot- perfons felling Ltery as aforefaid, without being the owner or owners of fuch ticket or tickets at the time of felling fuch (hare or (hares there- propcr.

I of, or to fell any (hare of any ticket beyond fuch number of ty,. j^hares as, being added together, (hall be equal to the whole of ifiieh ticket; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall of-t fiend againft this adl, in either of thofe refpedts, (hall forfeit the , tom of fifty pounds.

il . XV, And the more effectually to prevent abufes in the felting of \Jbares of lottery tickets, be it further enadted. That the faid com- Commiflion-uaifliooers, or any three or more of them, (hall, before the time «rsto eftabitfh hertin-after appointed for the commencement of this adl, efta- °?ce m ,blifh an office, in the city of London or Wejiminjler, for the de* weftminfter of tickets intended to be fold in (hares; and every ticket where tickets * in. any fuch lottery as aforefaid, before it (hall be divided into (hall be depo-. or fold in (hares, (hall be brought to the faid office, and (hall be before r,there depofited and left with the receiver-general of his Maje-ftamp-duties, or feme perfon or perfons to be appointed by. jbsm to receive the fame; and who is and are hereby authorifed d reauired to receive the fame.

XVL And be it further enadled, That every agreement for, Aliagrm* e fale of a fhare of any fuch ticket or tickets fo to be depofit- msot« for gttt ** aforefaid, (hall be expreffed on a piece of written or print- (bases toba ' paper, vellum, or parchment, and (hall be imprefled with me mark, device, or (lamp, to be from time to time preferib- ******

by the faid commiffioners, or any three or more1 of them, for .......

..that purpofef hut the faid 'weeiver-geoeral, or the perfon or — -'•%

X	perfens

Digitized by Google

Receiver-

s'-

neraltogTvca

receipt for tickets

brought to be feared*

AU fuch tickets to remain in his cuftody three days after they are drawn*

The numbers of ail tickets depofited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the asm*

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1782.

perfons fo to be appointed by him, (hall not deliver out, impre&d with any mark, device, or (lamp, more (hares for any one fuch ticket than, being added together, (hall amount to the value of a whole ticket, nor (hall fo imprefs with any mark, device, or (lamp, any fmaller (hare than a (ixteenth, or any (hare of a ticket other than fuch as is permitted by this a&: and if fuch receiver-general, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him, (hall deliver out any (hare, other than fuch as he or they are hereby authorifed to have, impreffed with any fuch mark, device, or damp, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid receiver-general of his Majelty’s (lamp-duties, or fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed by him to receive tickets to be divided in (bares, (hall, upon the receipt of any fuch ticket, or any number of fuch tickets as aforefaid, give a receipt in writing for the fame; which receipt (hall expreis the day of receiving the ticket or tickets, the lottery to which the ticket or tickets (hall belong, the number or numoers of the ticket or tickers fo received, and the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and alfo that fuch ticket or tickets is or are received in purfuance of this adl, and doth or do accordingly remain in the hands of the faid receiver-general, or fuch perfon or perfons to be appointed by him to receive the fame, to be difpofed of as is hereby directed.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That each and every fuch ticket in the faid lottery, fo to be depofited with the faid receiver-general, for the purpofe of being afterwards fold into (hares, (hall remain and continue in the cuftody and pofleffion of the faid receiver-general, or of the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him as aforefaid, until the expiration of three days after the drawing of fuch ticket in the faid lottery; and that, on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of fuch ticket in the faid lottery, fuch ticket (hall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, aflignee or affigns, Upon producing the receipt of the laid receiver-general, or of fuch other perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him as aforefaid, for the fame: and in cafe any fuch ticket, fo to be depofited as aforefaid, (hall remain unclaimed at the end of two years from the day of the drawing thereof, the money (if any) to arife by the (ale of fuch ticket (hall be retained in the hands of the faid receiver-general for the time being, and be applied in defraying the expences of the (lamp-office in executing this adl, and otherwife in (uch manner as is herein-after mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That a book or books (hall be kept by the faid receiver-general, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him as aforefaid, who (hall truly and fairly enter and redder in fuch book or books, the number of every lottery ticket which (hall be depofited in the faid office, in pur-fuaace of this adt, together with the name or names of all and every fuch perfon and perfons who (hall fo depofit fuch ticket,

and

Digitized by LjOOQle

ijS*.] Anno vieefimo fccundo Georgii 111; c. 47.	-	6$

and alfo the number of (hares into which each fuch ticket (hall \>*r of (hare* be (o divided as aforefaid; and any perfon (hall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and irifpedt vj<ied. fuch book or books, on paymient of the fum of two-pence to the £iid perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by the faid receiver-general as aforefaid ; and the money arifing from fuch payment (hall be paid and applied in defraying the expences of the (lamp-office in executing this adlj and otherwife in manner hereinafter fpecially provided.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That upon the leaving and de- * d. for e*cb pofiting of any lottery ticket, at or in the faid office, with the faid receiver-general, or fuch perfon or perfons fo to be appointed as officeron de-aforefaid, for the purpofes aforefaid, the perfon or perfons who pofiting tick-(hall fo leave and depofit the fame (hall pay to the faid receiver- «t* in the general, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him as officc* aforefaid, for each (hare into which every fuch ticket (hall be

divided by the faid officer or officers, the fum of two-pence; and the monies arifing from fuch fee, to be paid as aforefaid,

(hall be accounted for, from time to time, and (hall he paid and applied towards the ex pence of keeping fuch office for the depofit of lottery tickets as.aforefaid, or in defraying any other expences of the (lamp-office in the execution of this adl, and otherwife in fuch manner as is herein-after fpecially prescribed.

XXI.	And be it further enadied* That if any perfon or per- Penalty on ions (hall at any time or times fell, or agree to fell, any (hare or

(bares of'any ticket or tickets, in any fuch lottery as aforefaid, ticketwichouf otherwife than by a written or printed agreement, on a piece of a ftanrp. paper, vellum, or parchment, (Vamped and marked by fuch officer or officers, and in fuch manner as by this adt is before pre-Icribed, he, (he, or they fo offending (nail, for every fuch offence, fprfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enadted. That if any perfon or per- Penalty on fons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe to be forged or counter- forging or feited, or affift in forging or* counterfeiting, any fuch receipt as a,ltrlll8 rc-

is by this adV required to be given, on depofit of any ticket or	fam*

tickets to be divided in (hares, or any (lamp or mark by this adt with a fraudu-required to be put on any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets2 lent intention; or (ball alter, or caufe to be altered, or affifl in altering, any fuch receipt or (lamped (hare, whether by adding or taking away any word, letter, or figure, in fuch receipt or (lamped (hare, or (hall fraudulently make ufe of any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or (lamped (hare; all and every fuch perfon or perfons, being convidled of any of the offences before mentioned,

(hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as a felon.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That all fees and Aims of All money money which (hall, under this adt, be received at the (tamp-of- received under fice, or by any officer or officers thereof, in the execution of the

truft repofed in fuch officer or officers, and of which the appll- Reiver-cation is not hcrcin-before diredted, (hall be paid into the hands general, of the receiver-general of the faid office for the time being, and he (hall keep a leparate and diftindl account thereof> and there-VouXXXlV. . F	out

66

Application

thereof.

Penalties how to be recover? ed and applied.

Juftices may mitigate penalties.



Anno vicefimo fecundo Gkoroii III. c. 4	[1782;

out (hall pay the expence the faid office (hall tie put to in ext* cuting this adt, and alfo in defraying the expences attending the commiflion made forth for managing, direCKng, and drawing, the lottery eftablifhed by an a<£t made in this feflion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for raiftng a certain Jinn of money by way of annuities, and for eflablijbing a lottery), in fuch manner as by the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, from time to time, be appointed ; but fubjedt nevertheleft to fuch rules and orders, in refpedt to the fame, as (hall be given to the faid commiffioners, from time to time, by the commifli-oners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and as to the refidue of fuch fums of money, the faid receiver-general (hall pay fuch refidue into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are fo directed to be paid : and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer, there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies, paid into the faid receipt under this aft, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any other account; and fuch monies, fo paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer under this a&, (hall, from time to time, be refefved for the difpofition of parliament, and (hall not be iffued but by authority of parliament.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That all penalties which (hall be incurred by any perfon or perfons offending againft this adt, (except where a different mode of profecution is hereinbefore fpecially prefcribed), (hall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city, town, or other divifion, in which the offence (hall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or on confeffion of the offender; and one moiety of every fuch penalty (hall belong to the informer or informers profecuting for the fame, and the Other moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and in cafe of non-payment of any fuch penalty, it (hall be levied bydiftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and Teals of fuch juftices; and the overplus of the tnoney raifed, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent by fuch juftices to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix months, nor lefs than three months, as fuch juftices (hall think proper, unlefs fuch penalty fhall be fooner paid or fatisfied.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaefted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpeCtive juftices, where they fhall fee caufe to mitigate or leffen any fuch penalty, to do fo accordingly, in fuch manner as they in their difcretioa (hall think fit, the reafonable cofts and charges of the officers or informers being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation,

•	and

Digitized by

Google

iyfrz.] Amo vliefiroo fccwdo GEOfccti III. c. 48.	6f

md fo as Rich mitigation do not reduce the pqpaky to lets than one moiety thereof, over and above the faid cods and charges; anything contained in this ad to the contrary notwkbftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon (hall be Limitation of liaWe to any profecatiott for any offence againft this ad, where- a<^ion#*

by any pecuniary penalty ihall be incurred, unlefe fuch profccu-tion (hall be commenced within twelve months after commiffion Of fuch offence; and if any fuit of action (hall be proiefcuted in England^ again ft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the ge- General iffue^ nerri iffue, and give this ad or the fpecial matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon* and that the fame was done by authority of this act; and if a verdid (hall pafs for the de-fcndant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his* her, or their a&ion or adions after -ifliie joined, or if* on demurrer or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble coftfr the fame as any defendants have by law in other cafes*

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall begin Commence-to have force on the twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand fe- "“J01 ?f th“ ten hundred and eighty-two 3 and from and immediately after

ihe commencement thereof, an ad, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, (intituled; An aft for lictnfing and ijGeo.^c.aii regulating lottery office keepers), and alfo fo much of any other ad repealed, or ads made before the prefent feffion of parliament, in refped to the regulation either of the keepers of lottery offices, or the fale of lottery tickets, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; but fuch repeal (hall not operate upon, or to the prejudice of, any adion, fuit* or profecution, which (hall be commenced or depending before the commencement of this adi

CAP. XLVIII.

An eft for charging a duty on perfons whofe property/ball be infured agaihft lojs by fires

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WEi youf Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the fupply granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament by ways the leaft burthenfome to your Ma-jefty's fubjeds, have freely arid voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duty herein-after mentioned 3 and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, arid commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From June day of June) one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, there *4*	*	*

(ball be raifed* levied* colleded, and paid* throughout the king- y!ariy^ VJbe

Fa	dom

Digitized by Google

6S

paid for every iool. infured from lofs by fire.

Publick hof-pitals not liable.

The duty to be under the management of the com-miflioners of damps.

No perfon to keep an in-furance office without a licences

The corporations of the Royal Exchange, and London Infu-rance, excepted.

Commiffion-ers arc to gi ant licences.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 48* [1782.

dom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, the yearly fum of one (hilling and fixpence upon every fum of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or left fum, that is or (hall be infured bv any perfon or perfons in or by any policy of infurance for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandises, or other property, from lofs by fire.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge or make liable any publick hofpital to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this a<5l.

III.	And for the better and more effectual raifing, levying, toileting, and paying the faid duty herein-before granted, be it further ena&ed. That the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management of the commifiioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch fabrics and incidental charges, as (hall be neceflary; and to do all other adls, matters, and things, neceflary to be done for putting this a& in execution, with relation to the faid duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, no perfon or perfons (hall publickly or privately infure, or open or keep any office for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire in Great Britain, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe from the commifiioners for managing the (lamp-duties, in manner herein-after mentioned.

V.	Provided always, and be it cnafled, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exclude the corporations of the Royal Exchange and London AJfurance, (being chartered companies) from afluring houfes, furniture or goods, wares, merchandizes, or oiher property, from fire, in like manner as they now do, without taking out any licence for the fame.

VI.	And be it further cna&ed. That, from and immediately after the pafling of this a<5t, the commifiioners for managing the (lamp-duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required, under their hands and feals, to grant a licence for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, and perfon and

perfons

Digitized by LjOOQle

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.48.

pcrfons applying for the fame; which faid licence (hall fet forth the name or names and other defcription of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or perfon or perfons taking out the fame, and a]h the principal houfe or other place where fuch bulinefs of infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, (hall, at the time of taking out fuch licence, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or perfon or perfons taking out the fame.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon Penalty on and perfons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who or k*fPinS an which, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one * hcenc^or* thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall infurc, or fet up *nanyman-or keep any office for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, ner contrary merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, without the to thi* authority of fuch licence as aforefaid, or in any other houfe or

place, except the houfe or place to be named in the licence under which fuch body or bodies politick or corporate, or other perfon or perfons, (hall alf, or fuch other houfe or houfes or place or places as (hall be fubordinate to the houfe or place to be named in fuch licence, and be kept by fome perfon or per-ions employed as agent or agents to any body or bodies politick or corporate, or other perfon or perfons having fuch licence as aforefaid, or in any other manner contrary to fuch licence, or to the intent and meaning of this alt, (hall forfeit, for $very day in which fuch offence (hall be committed, the (urn of fifty pounds, and alfo double the amount of the premiums of infur-ance which fuch body or bodies politick or corporate, or other perfon or peribns, (hall receive on any fuch day.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That all and every perfon Perfon* tak-and perfons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, to whom ,n£ out !,ce.n-orwhich any fuch licence as aforefaid (hall be granted, (hall, at

the time of receiving fuch licence, give fecurity with fufficient Majefty. furcties, to be approved of by the major part of the faid com-miffioners of ftamp duties, by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in fuch fum as the faid commiffioners may think reafonable, fo as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by fuch body or bodies politick or corporate, or perfon or perfons rcfpellivcly, for half a year; with a Condition of condition, that if fuch perfon or perfons, or body or bodies po- tbc bond, litkk or corporate, (hall raithfully make out, fign, and deliver, an account of all money received for the faid duty, and well and truly make payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be due and payable to his Majefty, in purfuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this alt; and alfo truly and faithfully obferve and perform all the direltions, matters, and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf to be obferved and performed, fuch bond (hall be void, but otherwifc to be and remain in full force.	Licence* to

IX.	And be it further enalted. That every licence to be taken continue in put under this alt (ball endure and have force only for one year force for one

F 3	from	ycar o,ay*

Digitized by kjOOQle

7Q	Anno vicefimoli^^ c. 48. [178a,

from the day of granting the fame; but if a licenee fhatt he granted to two or more perfons, and any or either of them dial} die before the expiration of the year, it (hall continue until fuch expiration in favour of the furvivors or furvivor of the perfons licenced.

X.	And whereas great part of the buftnefi of in fur antes againfi hfs by fire is tranfafted at offices kept by companies not incorporate, but tonfijling of a great number of partners; be it therefore enadted, Claufe relative That where fuch btrfinefs of infuring is carried on by fuch com-to companies parties not incorporate, or by a greater number of partners than °rp0 fCHjr’ ^cenc^ to be granted by the faid commiffioners of ratc *	{lamps,	in manner aforefaid, (hall be granted to fuch two or

more of any fuch company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnerfhip, as (hail be named to the faid commiffioners under authority from fuch company or partnerfhip; and in every fuch cafe, the licence (hall continue in force until the end of one year from the day of grafting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of all the perfons to whom fuch licence (hail be granted, for the benefit of fuch company or partncrlhip. Office-keep- XL And be it further ena&ed, That all and every perfon jtis, on grant- and perfons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, fo to of^infurance ^ *,ccn^ as aforefaid, who or which, from and after the faid are to receive twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and the duty pay- eighty* two, (hall grant any policy of infurance for infuring pro-able to hi perty from lofs by fire, or (hall continue \o infure on any po-to^ivea re-	^y themfelves, or fuch other peribn or perfons as

ceipt for the are> ls> or lhall be employed by or under them, previoufly to lame.	the	granting or continuing fuch policy of infurance, ask, de-

mand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and from the perfon or perfons whofe property (hall be fo infured, the Turn of one (hilling, and fixpence for every fum of one hundred pounds for which fuch policy (hall be fo made or continued, and fo in proportion for any lefs fum ; and (hall give a receipt for the duty fo paid, as and for one year’s duty on fuch policy, from the day of the date thereof; and in default of receiving fuch year’s duty, in manner aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, fo granting fuch policy, (hall be accountable to his Ma-jefly, his heirs and fucceffors, for the faid year’s duty, as if the lame had been actually received.

XII. And, in order to regulate the payment of the yearly duty im-

jtofed by this afi, during the continuance cf the polities of infurance

within this aft which /ball be granted after the faid twenty fourth

day of June, one .thoufand/even hundred and eighty two; be it fur-

Perfons to be ther enatf ed, That the perfon or peefons who for the time be-

tnCured Hull ing fhall be intitled to the benefit of any fuch policy, (hall, at

pay the duty t»lc cnd of the year, for which fuch policy (hall be granted, or

tvithin fifteen days thereafter, and fo at the end of every fubfe-tne inlurcr,	. .J .	’	e	r	,	..	-	.	.	.

quent year, during the continuance of fuch policy, or within

fifteen days thereafter, pay, or caufe to be paid, to the intbrer

or insurers in fuch policy, one year’s duty, in refpe& of this a#,

at

Digitized by Google

*7vicefimo fecundo Georgji III. c. 48.

the rate aforefaid ; and fuch infurer or infurers (hajl, on every fuch payment, give a printed or written receipt for the faid du-tj, to the perfon or perfons paying the fame; and in cafe of orlofe the any default of payment of fuch year’s duty, within the time	?•*

aforefaid, and before any lofs (hall be fuftained, the policy of m p0lCy* iofui'ance, in refpeCl of which fuch duty (hall accrue, (hall, fo far as regards the infured, be void to all intents and purpofes vhatjoever.

^IIL And, in refpefl to the payment of the aforefaid duties on fucb policies of infurance within this aft as Jball have been granted kifori the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and etghty-two; be it further enaCted, That the payment of How the du-the faid duty on every fuch policy rtiall commence ana be paid in manner following; (that is to fay), on every policy upon SUgranted* which the premium has been paid for one year, or for one year before the and a fraction of a year, one year’s duty (hall be paid on or with- commence-in fifteen days after the day on which the next yearly payment ™nt°ftUi* of the premium (hall become payable, after the faid twenty- a fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and at the fame time there (halt be paid a proportional part pf the duty for fuch fractional part of a year, (not being lefs ' than the quarter of a year), as (hall have elapfed from the faid twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; and on every policy, upon which the premium has been paid for more years than one year, the faid one year’s duty, and alfo the laid proportional part of the duty for fuch fraction of a year as aforefaid, rtiall be paid on or within fifteen days after the expiration of the year which, on the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, rtiall be current under fuch policy ; and the faid duties (hall be afterwards payable yearly, during the continuance of fuch policies, in the fame manner as is heroin-before provided in refpeCt to policies of infurance which rtiall be granted after the faid twenty-fourth day of 7unet one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; and the perfon or perfons, who (hall for the tispe being be intitled to the benefit of any fuch policy as (hall have been granted before the frid twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall accordingly pay or caufe to be paid the faid duty to the infurer or infurers in fuch policy, in manner herein-before mentioned ; or in cafe of any default, fuch policy (hall be void, fo far as regards the infured, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	#	.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That in Policies'for cafe of any policy of infurance for lefs time than a year, the in- eJ*rt^ a fured perfon or perfons (hall be liable to pay only fo much of proportional-the yearly duty of this aCt, as Ihall bear a proportion to thje ly; fraction or part of the year for which fuch policy is or (hall be

given.

XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That in cafe as alfo tbofe of any policy of infurance for one or more year or years, and ^rs^and^ ^art of a year, the infured perfon or perfons Ihall, fo far as re- p^ofa*

F 4	gards	year.

Digitized by Google



How the du'y fhallbepaid on new policies taken out before the expiration ot the old ones.

Claufe relative to infured perfo^s not reddentin Great Britain

When the infuriate money, on taking out a policy, is paid for feveral years, the in-furer may receive the duty for the fame term, &c.

When the proper* y of the’ wiiuitd thail

Anno viccfimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c.48.	[1782;

gards fuch fraftion or part of a year, only be liable to fo much of the faid yearly duty as (hall bear a proportion to fuch fraction or part of a year, if the infured perfon or perfons (hall, on the firft payment of the faid duty, pay as well the proportion pf the duty fpr fuch fraftion or part of a year, as the whole of the firft year’s duty ; except a fraftion lefs than a penny* which (hall not be accounted for.

?VJ. Provided alfo, and be it furtherenaded, That in cafe of talcing out a new policy of infurance before the expiration of an old one, for the fake of infuring a greater or different fum, the fame proportionable abatement of the duty, which under this aft (hall accrue on the new policy, (hall be made, as the infurer or infurers (hall make in refpeft of the premium of infurance.

XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in refpeft to all policies of infurance which (hall be fubfifting before the pacing of this aft, if the infured perfon or perfons in any fuch policy (hall, at the time of the pafling of this aft, not be in any part of Great Britain, all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall have one month^ to be computed from his, her, or their return, for making the firft payment of the duty which (hall become due from fuch perfon or perfons by virtue hereof; ancj in the mean time, and until the expiration of one month from the day of his, her, or their return, the policy and policies of all and every fuch perfons, notwithftanding any default of payment of the duty impofed by this aft, (hall be in full force as if this aft had not been made.

. XVIII. And whereas in the cafe of infur antes Qgainjl lofs by fire for Jevcn years, or any number of years more than one year, the per- 1 fens whofe property is infured frequently pay, on taking out a policy of infurance, one entire fum as the premium for the whole term, in-Jlead of paying an annual premium ; and in fuch cafes it may be con-venient to pay the duty hereby impofed for the whole term of the policy by one payment in the fame manner ; be it therefore enafted, That it fhaJl be lawful for all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, and perfon and perfons, being infurers againft lofs by fire, within this aft, to take by one payment the duty hereby impofed for the whole of the term for which the policy hath beep or (hall be granted, if the perfon or perfons whofe property (hall be infured (hall fo defire; and in confideration of fuch prompt and immediate payment of fo much of the faid duty as by the terms of this aft would not be payable till a future time, and in every fuch cafe, fuch infurer or infurers (hall have authority to make the fame proportional abatement of the duty as the faid infurer or infurers hath or have made, or (hall make, in confideration of receiving the premium for tire whole term of infurance by one payment.

XIX.	And whereas it frequently happens that the property of per font infuring for terms of years ceafe and determine before the expiration gJ the term for which the jaid infurance was made, be it enafted. That where the property of a perfon, infured fora term of years, (hall terminate or ceafe beture the expiration of

the

Digitized by

Google-

1782.3	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 48.	73

(he term of which fuch infurance was made, that the commif- ceafe before fxmers of the damp-duties may, and they are hereby authorised ^eh?xP^,on and impowered, upon proof made of the truth of the faid faft, ®he overplus* 10 allow and pay back to the perfon or perfons refpeftively ap- money to be pointed to receive the faid tax as aforefaid, fo much of the faid returned, duly or rax as (halt appear to have been paid for the unexpired term of the faid infurance.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all and every body A true ac-and bodies politick or corporate, or other perfon and perfons,

which or who, under this aft, (hall obtain a licence for any jn£rance\>f-

office of infurance, (hall, from time to time, keep a true and ficeofthepo-

fcithful account in writing, in which (hall be inferted the num- licies granted,

berofthe policy, or inftrument of infurance, whjch, from and *nd to whom,

after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven &c#

hundred and eighty-two, (hall be iflued or granted by fuch body

or bodies politick or corporate, or perfon or perfons, the name

or names of the perfon or perfons infuring, with the place or

places of his, her, or their abode, the fum infured, and the

time for which the fame is infured; and alfo the day of the

month, and the date of the year, in which fuch policy (hall be

UTued; which faid account (nail, at all times, be open for the

infpeftion of any perfon or perfons duly authorized, under the

bands and feals of the faid commiffioners for the (lamp-duties,

or the major part of them, to infpeft the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every body and Direftiont re-bodies politick or corporate, and other perfon or perfons, who ^tive to per-or which (hall have any licence under this aft for an infurance u^newfo? ofice within London or Wejiminfier, or within five miles of either offices within of them, whether the licence of fuch body or bodies politick or London or corporate, or other perfon or perfons, (hall or (hall not extend

to any office out of the aforefaid limits, (hall, on the twenty- of th^ftune! ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the faid commif-ioners of (lamp-duties, or fome perfon or perfons authorized by them, at the head office, to receive the fame, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all fuch policies of infurance as aforefaid, which (hall have been iflued by fuch body or bodies politick or corporate, or perfon or perfons iicenfed to keep offices of infurance refpeftively, and (hall be, on the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, ouidanding, or be accountable for under this aft, and (hall at the fame time pay all the monies which (hall have been received by them refpeftively on accoqnt of the aforefaid duties, and before the faid twenty-ninth day of September; and from thenceforth (halt, fome time within two months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of Mariby the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, or at fuch other times after the expiration of the faid tv o months as may be appointed by the major part of the (aid commiffioners of the (lamp-duties, giving a previous publick Qjtice of fourteen days or more, by advenifement in the London

Gazette%

n

Penalty on default.

Directions relative to per-fons taking out licences for offices more than five miles diftant from London and Wcftminiter.

Anno vicelimo fccundo Geojigh 111. c.48. [1782.

Gazette* deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the (hid comwif-fioners, or to the perfon or perfons appointed by them for the purpofe of receiving the fame, at the head office of the faid com-miffioners, true copies of the accounts herein* before direded to be kept by fuch licenfed infurancc office or offices* body or bodies politick or corporate, or fuch other licenfed perfon or per-fons, for the quarter which (hall be completed before fuch day of delivery, or notice, as the cafe (hall be; and at the fame time (hall pay foch fum and fums which (hall appear to be due on fuch accounts to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for receiving the (aid duties, for the ufe of his M^jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, at the faid head office, upon pain of forfeiting for eyery default in not delivering true copies of fuch account, the fom of five hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the monies due on fuch accounts, double the amount of the phoney fo due and payable at the time of fuch default.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every* Iofo-rance office or offices, body and bodies politick or corporate, and other perfon and perfons, which or who (hall, under this aft, obtain any licence for an office of iqfurance, not within London or JViJlminfttr, or within five miles of cither of them, without •having any office within the faid limits named io fuch licence, (hall, on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand fevqn hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the head diftributor of damped veUum, parchment, and paper, in and for the county in which fuch perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, fo to be licenfed, (hall have their chief office of infuraoce, or to the perfon or perfons duly authorized and comn^fiioned, under the hands and feals of three of the faid commiffioners for (lamp-duties, to receive fuch accounts, and the money due thereon, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all fuch policies of infurance as aforefaid as (hall have been iflued by fuch licenfed perfon or perfons, or body 01 bodies politick 'or corporate, and (hall, on the faid twenty* ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, be outftanding, or be accountable for under this adt$ and (hall, at the fame time, pay all th< monies which (hall have been received by them refpedtively, ot account of the aforefaid duties, before the faid twenty-ninth da] of September j and from thenceforth (hall, fame time within tw< months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fiftl day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, a* at fuch other time after the expiration of the faid two months as may be appoints by the head diflributor, or the perfon or perfons Jo to be au thorized to receive the faid duties, giving a previous notice c fourteen days, or more, by advertifetnent in the London GozetU or in the newfpapcr, if any fuch there be, publifhed in and fc the county where fuch head, diftributor relides, deliver, or caul *	♦	.	t

Digitized by LjQOQle

75

1782.I	Anno ▼iccfimo feeundo Georgii HI. C.48.

to be delivered, to fach head diftributor, or other perfon or per-foiu aforefeid, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by fach lieenfed infarer or infurers, for the quarter which (hall be completed before fuch day of delivery, or notice, as the cafe QiaH be; and at the fame time (hall pay to fuch head Penalty on diftributor, or other perfon or perfons fo to be authorized as default, aforefaid, all fums of money which (hall appear to be due upon foch accounts, under the penalty of forfeiting, for every default in not delivering fuch accounts, the fum of two hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the monies due on fuch accounts, double the amount of the faid monies due on the (aid account at the time of fuch default.

XXHi. And it is hereby enabled, That the faid receiver-general An allowance of the Ramp-duties at the head office, and the bid head diftri- of 1 s*in ^ baton of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other per- t*°thc (on or perfons duly appointed by the major part of the faid com- office keepers miffioners of (lamp-duties to receive the duties by this a& im- for receiving poled, (hall make an allowance to all and'every the perfon and tbeduty, and perfons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, fo to be li- JJ* cenfed as afore/aid refpefHvely, for their own ufe and trouble in originally receiving the faid duties, and making out fuch account as is herein-before diredlcd, at and after the rate of one (hilling in the pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to fuch receiver-general or head diftributor, or fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, according to the dire&ions herein-before contained.

XXIV.	And whereas the perfons employed in receiving and account-i% for the duties hereby tmpofed, are not appointed to fueh offices. by .

tU crown, or by any perfons authorized by tbe crowny out are autho- Receiving the rized and required to receive tbe faid duties by virtue of this att3 be duties grant-it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfons fo cm- ed by this aft ployed (hall not, on account of receiving or accounting for the (halj not dif-ia?d duties, be thereby difqualified from voting at any eledlion ?odng for* or eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, any law or (la- members of lute to the contrary notwithftanding.	parliament.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That all pecuniary penal- Penalties to

ties hereby impofed (hall be divided and didributed in manner belong half to following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof (hall belong to his	to*

Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moidty thereof, tjjC informed with full cods of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hail inform

or fue for the fame, id any of his Majefty’s courts at Wejlmin-jltr, for offences committed in England, Wales3 or Berwick upon Tweed', or in his Majedy’s court of feffions, or court of exche- ,

Suer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great 'retain called Scotland, by aflion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-raatioo, wherein no eflbin, proteftion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXVI.	And be it further cnalted by the authority aforefaid.

That the duties herein before granted (hall be paid, from time Duties to be to time, into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time p«dtothe king, of the duties on damped vellym# parchment, and paper, J^ral^an^by i	who	*	7

Digitized by Google

7 6

him paid into the exchequer.

Applicjati

thereof.

ttion

Perfont fued for executing this aA, may plead the general iflue.

and recover treble colts.

Anno viccfuno fecundo Georgii III. 0.49,50. [1782.

who (hall keep a feparate and diftinA account of the duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid : and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are direAcd to be paid and payable purfuant to an aA of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by ivory of annuities, and for eJiabUJbing a lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enaAed, That if any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, (hall, at any time or times, be fued, tnolefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aA, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons, and bodies politick or corporate, (hall or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defencej and if, upon the trial, a verdiA (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An aA to reAify a miftake in an aA of this feffion of parliament, with re-fpeA to preventing the importation and running ot tea into this kingdom, in armed veflels having letters ot marque, or other commifiion* from the admiralty.

Cap. »», of the prefent feffion recited. A miftake in the recited aA ratified, by leaving out the word not, and making it any tea exceeding the quantity of fix pounds weight, Ac.

CAP. L.

An aA for further continuing an aA, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a£t for appointing and enabling commiffioners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom ; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick ter vice 5 and what defers there are in the prefent mode of receiving, colleAiqg, ifluing, and accounting for publick money; and in what more expeditious and tf-feAual, and lefs expenfive manner, the faid fervices can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the publick.

20 Geo. 3. c. 54, and 11 Geo. 3. c. 45, recited. Thomas Anguilh, Arthur Piggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beaclicroft, and George Drummond, efqrs. appointed commiffioners to examine and flare the publick accounts ot the kingdom. The recited aAs to continue in force after July 5,1781,

(except

Digitized by Google

i;82.J Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRQII III. c. 51,52.

(except where altered by this aft) and mav be executed by any three or more commifiioners. No commifiioner to hold a civil office of profit doling pleafure under his Majefty. Any three of the commifiioners to be firorn before the chancellor of the exchequer, Sec. The oath.

I A. B. do fwear, that, according to the beft of my (kill and knowledge, 1 will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral powers and tnifU vefted in roe by an aft, intituled. An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for appointing and enabling commifiioners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom | and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the publick fervice; and what defefts there are in the prefent mode of receiving! coUe&ing, lifting, and accounting for pubiicJc money) and in what more expeditious ana effeftual, and lefs expenfive manner, the faid ferrets can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the pub* lick, acccpding to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

The faid three commifiioners to adminifter the oath to the reft. Lords of tbetreafury to pay s,oool. to the order of the commifiioners, for the payment of derks, meffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other Kcefiary charges of executing the aft. Executors of accountants to attend commifiioners, and execute their orders. Continuance of this aft one year, from the 5th of July 178s, and no longer.

CAP. LI.

Anaft to difebarge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, from all damage, interefts, and Ioffes, in refpeft to their having made default in certain payments due to the publick, on 'fuch payments being made at a future ftipulated time!' and to enable the faid company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their flock for the prelent year.

Recital of 11 Geo. 3. c. 65. A ftatement bath been made up of the profit and loisof the company from March, 1781, to March, 178s, whereby it appears that the net profits of the company, in that year, did not amount to fo much as a dividend upon their ftock, at the rate of 8 per cent, per m. try tbe fum of *1,013 1. Commifiioners of the treafury may allow the company further time for payment of 396,4661. «s. 6d. due for cultoms, and 100,0001. due the ift of December, 1781, to fuch time as they think fit, not exceeding tbe firft of April, 17835 on payment whereof the com-play foal! be indemnified. The company impowered to fet apart, between March 1, 178a, and March 1, 1783, a Aim fufficient to pay a divided of 8 per cent, on the capital of 3,100,0001. ftock, and to charge the ferae as a oebt in the annual account to be made up to the 1 ft of March, 17855 and if any deficiency in the annual account, to be carried forward is a charge in the account of the fuccetding vear. The deficiency in la ft yen’s account to be tarried forward as a cnarge in the account of the prefent year.

CAP. LII.

fa aft for preventing the flaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom.

Edinburgh greatly extended by authority of 7 Geo. 3. c. 17. Slaughtering of cattle within tbe city prohibited. Flelh may be fold in the city. Magiftmesof Edinburgh impowered to order nuifances to be lemovtd. ^■uffioaers appointed to fettle damages, and recompence to be made to corporation of flelhem their award to be final, and may be given in ftiface. Firft meeting of the commifiioners appointed July i, 1781.

17 afleffed for daqiages to incapacitated perfons, to be placed at in-

• tcreft Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

78 Anno victfimo fecundo Gioloil III. C; 554 54. [178^

tereft in Hie bank of Scotland. Corporation of Aethers not liable to pe iralty for flautbtering cattle, till the cotnmiffioner* have executed the aft Right* of election of the corporation of ffeibers faved. Ground whereot the flaughter-hoefes now ftand may be fold. Bod Let politick, &c. eml powered to fell houfes and around. Money pud for entailed eltates to t> hid out in purchafes, and fettled to like ufes. Penalty on breaking ad throwing down lamps; for the firft offence not more than 90*. frerhng nor under so s. for the fecond, and every other offence^ 50*. or on non payment may be committed to the houle of conreftion for not more thai three months, if forfeiture not paid in mean time. Lord provoff and ma gi Urates to determine offences agamft the aft. Rights of the city refereed Application of penalties, one moiety to the charity workhoufe of Edin burgh, the other to the informer who (hall foe, &c. To be a pub lick aft.

C A P. LIII.

An aft to repeal an	a£l, made in the year of the reign of bis lot

majefy King George the Fir ft, intituled. An aft for the bettej fccuring the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon thi crown of Great Britain.	I

j

Gamble. TT7 HEREAS an aB mat pafjid in the Jixth year of thi ritgi 6 Geo. 1. c. 5. V V of his late majefy King George the Firft ^ intituled, An 26 recited, for the better fecqring the dependency of the kingdom of Jnlan\ upon the crown of Great Britain; may it pleafe your moft exl cellent Majefty that it m*y be enafted; and be it ena&ed bj the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice am confent of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, ij this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of thi and repealed, fame. That from and after the pafling of this aft, the above mentioned aft, and the feveral matters and things therein con tained^' (hail be, and isand are'hereby repealed*

CAP. LIV.

An aft for, retraining fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perrin cfquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time ] and f< dilebvering their eltates and effefts, and preventing the tranfporting c alienating the fame.

Sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, heretofore governor and prefident of Fa Saint George on the coat of Coromandel m the Eat Indies, and Pen Perring c (quire, lately one of the council of the fettlement a fore laid, n to go out of the kingdom before Feb. 1,17.83 ; and before Aug. 1 c, 178 each to enter into recognizance, with two fureties, in the court of exch quer, in the penalty of xoo,oool. for fir Thomas Rumbold, 50,000!. fj bis fureties, none lefs than io,oool. and 50,0001. for Peter Perring efi and 20,0001, for his fureties, none lefs than 5,oool. with condition ni to go or depart out of this kingdom before Feb. 1, 1783. For taking, ei| tering and inrolling whereof only tos. to be* taken, befides the ftamf duty. In default of entering into proper recognisances before Auguft 1 178s, to be committed to the Fleet prifon, &c. Sir Thomas Rumboj and Peter Perring efq. (hall, before Nov. 1, 1781, deliver into the coul of exchequer two particulars of their refpeftive eltates, goods, Ac. B| •rons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to tl fpfaker of the houle of lords, and the other to the fpeaker of the houfe I commons. If the particulars (hall appear evafive or unfatisfaftory, k the barons of the exchequer are to examine the perfon delivering the fara upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any fummons fro

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRqii III, c. 55.

(he fifid barons, they tuny iffiie their warrant for apprehending the de« taker; #ho, an refuting to be examined, Ac. (hall be committed. Per« fens detaining any port of the property of fir Thomas Rumbold, or Peter farfagefq. or able to give information concerning the feme, mid who flail refufe to come before the faid barons, Ac. when lawfully Cum mooed, fall be committed. Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring efq. difabled from aliening or incumbering their real eftates, until Feb. i, 1783; and «)fb from affigning their perional effates, except for the fubftftence of rbeafekes and families, or for paying their juft debts contracted before April 19,17S13 and except perifnable goods, and fo much of their refpec-tire eftate* as will indemnify their lureties. Pravifo, that fir Thomas Rumbold may pay or fecure 30,000]. and Peter Perring 10,0001. as a pro-vifion for thejr children, in cafe of marriage, which is not to be affefted b7 foch recognizance. This ad not to difeble fir Thomas Rumbold dr Peter Perring efq. from dtfpofingof their eft a tes or pffcfts, in cafe they foal! die before Feb. i, 1783, Ac. If fir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring efq. Hull, before Feb. i, 1789, convey any of their monies or effefts out of the realm, (except as is excepted), they, and their aiders therein, ftall be ponrihed as felons, and fuffer death. Ferfons who (hall conceal sty effete belonging to fir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring efq. and fail not (if in the kingdom) difeover the feme before Jan. 1, 1783, (and if oat of the kingdom, in fix months next alter tbesr arrival) to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to his Majefty, the other to the informer, with cofts, aad to fofftr imprifonment for an whole year without bail. Peribns making dHcovery of any eftate or effefts concealed, to be allowed twenty per cent, if fuch eftate, Ac. beyond fees, and 10 per cent, if in the kmgdom, out of tbe net produce. Eaft India company to fend an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the fapreme court of judicature in Bengal, Ac. Perfons making dif-covery of concealed eftates or effefts in India to have an allowance of so percent, of the net produce, and the governor and council of Bengal and Fert Saint George and Bombay refpeftivcly, may fue for and recover fuch difcofcred eftate, Ac. in the name of the Eaft India company. Perfons in tafia «rbo lull fecrete any eftate real or perional after fix months, from the rime of entering tbe particulars upon record, to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to the Eaft India company and the other to-the informer, with cofts. Forfeited eftates, Ac. to be paid into the exchequer. To be 1 pa Wick aft

CAP. LV.

An aft to indemnify foch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelve* for offices and employments $ and to indemnify juft ices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regiftcr or deliver m their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe pvrpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in dties, corpora-rioef, and borough towns, whofc id millions have been omitted to be lamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft or nftlaid i and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped; tod to give farther time to fuch perfons as have omitted to male asd file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies ssd fbliciton.

Perfenrwho fcafre omitted to qualify tbemfelves agreeable to aft 1 Geo. 1. fhts.c. 13. Aft 13 Car. s. ftat. t. c. 1. Aft 15 Car. *. c. s. Aft 30 Car. t. fat. s. c. n Aft 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. Aft 9 Geo. 1. c. *6. Aft 18 Geo. s. c. so, and aft 6Geo. 3. c. 53. before the periling of this aft; and who Hull, on or before Dec. *5, 178*, qualify them (el vet, fhalt be indemnified againtt forfeitures. Not to indemnify any perfon for any penalty weaned by neglefting to qualify himfelf. Not to exempt jultices afting without legal qualification. Perfons producing appointments and ad milfoils before Dec. *5, 178s, Shall be confirmed, and qualified to aft as dark, officer, or member of corporations, &c. may enjoy all offices into * which they have been elefted; and (hall be indemnified from all penalties

and

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 56. [178^

and damages incurred by reafon of omiffions* Not to extend to reft ore perfon8 to any office avoided by judgement* Perfons who (hall canfe affidavits to be wed before Michaelmas term 178s, are indemnified and dif-charged from penalties. Perfons profecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified; may plead the general iffue.

cap. lvi.

An aft more cffeftually to enable the inhabitants of the parifh of Saint Luke, In the county of Middlefex, to purchafe, hire, or ereft, a work-houfe, within or near the faid pari Hi, tor the better reception and employment of the poor of the faid parifh*

•fbe reftor, churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, for the time being, and the veftryraen and their fucceflors, for ever, appointed truftees, and (even to be a quorum. No contractor to be a truftee. Trultees to pay their own expences) may borrow 4,000!. and aflign the rates as a fear* rity, Affignments not to be chargeable with any (tamp duty. Or may raife the (aid money upon annuities, at not more than 8 per cent, if the annuitant is not under forty 'five, nor more than to per cent, if not undo] fifty, nor more than is per cent* if not under fixty, nor any annuity for life under forty-five years* Annuities to be paia quarterly. Names of the perfons lending money, and alfo of the annuitants, to be entered io 8 book. Annuities to be charged on the rates s and (hall be exempt frofl^ taxes. Securities affignable, and annuities may be transferred. Memorandums or extra&s of affignments to be entered in a book. Annuitants to have an order figned by the truftees, &c. authorizing the churchwardens to pay 1,0001. of tne monies in their hands, on account of tbd poor, to the truftees, for the purpofet of the aft. Truftees may purchife • or hire ground in the parifh of Saint Luke, or in the parifh of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch: may build a workhoufe thereon. No contraft (hall been< < tered into for building the workhoufe until fourteen days notice be given. Perfons in the workhoufe not to gain a fettlcment in the pariffi of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch. Truftees may hire a workhoufe. All contrafts to be entered in books. Affeffments to be made; not to exceed 6d. in tbs pound per ann. Principal money borrowed to be paid off by the fating, which when it amounts to 1001. to be laid out in flocks, and difpofed of as the truftees (hall direft. The intereft and principal, and annuities, ati to be paid as five truftees (hall direft in writing. The rates (hall be paid for houfes let out in lodgings, or ready furnifhed, by any occupier there* of. The goods of lodgers, &c. liable to be diltrained for the rates) and the lodgers, Sec. to be allowed the fame out of their rents* Lodgers dm . to obtain any fettlement by payment of the rates. Rates to be recovered as the poor’s rates by aft 43 Eliz. &c. In cafe of diftrefs expences may b< levied-, which (hall be fettled by the juftices granting the warrant. Th< rates are to be recovered from perfons removing out of the parifh, bj diftrefs and fale of goods. Diftrefs not illegal for want of form. Pl&intd not to recover after tender of amends. Colleftors, See. to account, am pay the balance. On refufal they may be fued. If balance be not paid! it may be levied by diftrefs* On failure of diftrefs, &c. offender may bj committed, until he gives a true accountg and pays or compound, and dq livers up all papers, &c. Expences of this aft to be firft paid. Writings &c. to be without ftamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, &ri Limitation of aftions, for aftiag under this aft not till twenty-eight div notice, nor after tender of amends, or after three months after the fafl and to be tried in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general itfu? and give the fpecial matter in evidence* and have treble cofts. To be publick aft.

Digitized by

C A F

i;S2. ] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 57;

8l

CAP. LVII.

An aft for building a new bridge, inftead of the prefent ancient bridge, commonly called Lancafter Bridge, at a more convenient place over the liver Loyne, near the town ot Lancafter, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Power to take down the ancient county bridge, and ereft a new one op-polite Skerton Crofs, and to make an highway over the wafte without paying for the fame. The faid new bridge, Sec. not exceeding in length 670 feet. Power to remove obftru&ions where the bridge is to be built, and to cut drains, See Mayor, See. of Lancatter to make a road over the Green Area, but not to prevent William Bradfhaw Bradfhaw, Efq. or any other perfoni, from having fuch right of ways as they are intitled to over the laid Green Area. New bridge to be a county bridge, and repaired as fueb. Roads, when made, declared to be publsck highwayss thofein Skerton to be repaired by the inhabitants of Skerton. Road over the Green Area to be a publick highway, and to be repaired by the corporation of Lancatter. In indiftments, lu (Resent to alledge generally that defendants ought to repair, See. Power to dig, Sec. materials in wafte ground, gratis} and in private grounds, making latisfaftion. Jufticet to contraft with proprietors for materials, Scc and to fettle the recommences and if any per foils tliall be diffathfied therewith, or fhall be prevented fjom treating, a jury (hall be fummoned; who fhall aflefs the damage and re-CDtnpence on oath. Verdift of jury, &c. to be final. , On payment or tender of the money atTefTed, juftices may employ men to carry on the works: and they are indemnified tor what they (hall do. Expence of taking down the old bridge and building the new one to be defrayed out of the county rates. Penalty on damaging the bridge. Power to fell the materials of the old bridge, dec. Power to difpofe of the ancient bridge to the com-miffianers of the Quay of Lancafter, under aft is Geo. 3. c St. who may keep the fame up or not} and on twenty days notice, that the new bridge 2nd roads are paflablc*, the county difeharged from repairing the old bridge, and the fame to ceafe to be a publick bridge or highway. The fame tolls to be taken by the corporation of Lancafter at the new bridge as they were intitled to take at the old one. The claims of compenfation by Mr. Bradfhaw, for damages to his mill and filhery, and by Mr. Mafom, for the like to his houfes in Bridge Lane, to be tried: to be brought in fix months after pafling'tbe aft, by aftions, in any court of record at VMminfter, againft the treafurer of the county, to be tried at the next ifoes for the counties of Lancafter or Weftmoretand, at the eleftion of the plaintiff. If no damages aVe found, the plaintiff to pay the colts, and for ever debarred from any recompence} but if a verdift for the plaintiff, the record and pbftea to be delivered to the clerk of the peace to be filed, aod the cods and damages to be paid out of the county rates as foon as the old bridge is pulled down or rendered impaftable (except as to Mr. Bradfhaw, which is to be paid as foon as the new bridge is built). Receipts to be given. Proceedings not to be delayed by the death of any of the parties. Cofts and expences to be paid out of the general ftock of the c>unty. No fatisfaftion to be given to Mr. Bradfhaw or Mr. Mafon, if a&ooiare not commenced within a limited time. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feftions; whofe determination fhall be final. Saving of rights of the corporation of Lancafter, Mr. Bradfhaw, or any others, farther than peceffary for erefting and maintaining the laid bridge. Limitation of aftions, for afting under this aft, to be brought in three months after the faft. The defendant may plead the general ifftie, and give the fpecial master in evidence, and have treble coifs. Inhabitants ofUocafter may ferve on juries, Sec. To be a publick aft.

G

CAP.

Digitized by Google



Voi. XXXIV,

82	Anno	vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 58. [1782.

CAP. LVIII.

An afl for tbt more eafy difcovery and effeHuai punijbment of buyer and receivers of Jiolen goods.

Preamble. *1X7 H E R E A S the pernicious practices of buying and receiving W Jiolen goods are become a great evil, by reafon of the difficult of difcovering the ptrfons guilty of the fame, and of the infujpcient of the laws now in being for the punijbment offuch offender s, in cer tain cajes; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excclJen majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri tual and temporal, and commons, m this prefent parliamer After Aug. i, aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from an ,78*> «*erY after the firft day of Auguffi one thoufand feven hundred am Sreceiving12 eigluy-tvvo> in all cafes whatfoever where any goods or chattel Itolen goods (except lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal, and folder), fhal (hall be deem- have been felonioufly taken or ftolen, whether the offence c ed guilty of a the perfon or perfons fo taking or dealing the fame, (hall a and proS?01^ mount t0 gran<i larceny, or fome greater offence, or to peti cuted accord- larceny only, (except where the perfon or perfons actually com ingty.	mitting	the	felony (hall have been already convidted of gran

larceny, or of fome greater offence), every perfon who (hall bit or receive any fuch goods and chattels, knowing the fame ^ have been fo taken or ftolen, (hall be held and deemed guilt of, and may be profecuted for, a mifdemeanor, and (hall b punched by fine, imprifonment, or whipping, as the court ( quarter feffions, who are hereby impowered to try fuch offer der, or as any other court before which he, (he, or they, (ha be tried, (hall think fit to inflidl; although the principal felc or felons be not before convicted of the faid felony, and whethi he, (he, or they, is or are amenable to juftice or not; any la or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding: and in cafes whei the felony actually committed (hall amount to grand larcen or to fome greater offence, and where the perfon or perfoi actually committing fuch felony (hall not be before convidei fuch offender or offenders (hall be exempted from being punifl ed as accefiary or acceflaiies, if fuch principal felon or feloi (hall be afterwards convicted.

Juftices may II. And be it further enndted by the authority aforefaid, Th

w^rrantsTo ** A13'! anc* may lavv^ f°r any one juftice of the peace, u difeover ftolen on complaint made before him upon oath, that there is reai\ goods. to fufpeCt that ftolen goods are knowingly concealed in 31 dwelling-houfe, outhoufe, garden, yard, crofr, or other pla or places, by warrant under his hand and feal, tocaufceve fuch dwelling-houfe, outhoufe, garden, yard, croft, or oth PunWhmentof place or places, to be fearched m*the day time; and the peril , or perfons knowingly concealing the faid ftolen goods, or 2 they are	^ part thereof, or in vvhofe cuflody the fame, or any part therei

found.	(hall be found, he, (he, or they, being privy thereto, (hall

deemed and held guilty of a mifdemeanor, and (hall and m u

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno viceflmo fccundo Georgii III. c. 58.

be brought before any juftice of the peace for tire county, city* town corporate, riding, divifion, liberty, or place, and made amenable to anfwer the fame, by like warrant of any fuch juftice, and being thereof convufted by due courfe of law, IhfcH be punifhablc in the manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefgjd.

That every conftable, head borough, or tithing-man, in cyery Conftables,

county, city, town corporate, riding, divifion, liberty, or other

place where there (hall be officers, and every beadle within his £onf fulpe&ed

ward, parilh, or diftridt, and every watchman, during fuch time 0f having any

only as he is on his duty, (hall and may apprehend, or caufe to ftolen good*,

be apprehended, all and every perfon and perfons, who may

reafonably be fufpedfed of having, or carrying, or any ways con- fun-rffing,&c.

veying, at any time after fun-fetting, and before fun-rifing, any	*

goods or chattels fufpefled to be ftolen, and the fame, together

with fuch perfon or perfons, as foon as conveniently may he,

to convey or carry before any juftice of the peace tor the county,

city, town corporate, riding, divifion, liberty, or place aforefaid,

to be dealt with according to law; and fuch perfon and perfons,

fo carrying or conveying fuch goods or chattels, knowing the

fame to have been ftolen, and being thereof convidted, by due

courfc of law, ftiall be deemed and held to be guilty of a mif-

demeanpr, and, on convi&ion as aforefaid, fhsll be imprifoned

for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than

three calendar months.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That every perfon, to whom any goods or chattels, which have Perfons offer-been felonioufly ftolen or taken, fhall be brought and offered ,n£ ft°lcn to be fold, pawned, or delivered, (hall, and is hereby impower- „ Jj0^ ed and required (there being reafonable caufe to fufpedt that ,ol^ ^\\ be fuch goods or chattels Were ftolen) to apprehend, fecure, and taken before a carry before a juftice of the peace for the county, city, town juftice. corporate, riding, divifion, liberty, or place, where the fame goods and chattels (hall be fo brbught or offered to be fold, pawned, or delivered, (having it in his or her power fo to do), the perfon and perfons bringing or offering the fame.

V.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons under if any perfon or perfops, being out of cuftody or in cuftody, if 15 ycars of under the age of fifteen years, upon any charge of felony within ^*rngcd benefit of clergy, (hall have committed any felony after the firft ^w

day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and cighty-two, and to his Ma-(hall afterwards difeover two or more perfons who fhall have jetty’s pardon, bought or received any goods or chattels, which (hall have been felonioufly ftolen or taken from any other perfon or perfons, after the faid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the lame to be ftolen, fo as two or more of the perfons difeovered (hall be convidled of fuch buying or receiving, he, (he, or they, fo difeovering, (hall have and be entitled to the gracious pardon of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for all fuch felonies by him or her committed at

G 2	any

Digitized by Google

$4	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo Georgii III. C. 59,66. [1782*

any time or times before fuch difcovery made, which pardon (hall be likewife a bar to any appeal brought for fuch felony.

This aft not VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (ball to repeal any extend to repeal any former law now in being for the punifh-for^uniih- matt of fuch offenders ; and provided alfo, that fuch offender* ing^uch of-	a^cr having been profecuted and convidted under this ad, (hall

fenders.	not, for the fame offence, be afterwards punifhed, or liable to

be punifhed by any fuch former law.

CAP. LIX.

An aft to provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on fir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring efquire, for certain breaches of publick trult, and high crimes and mifdemeanors, committed by them whilit they refpeCtively held the offices of governor and prefident, coitn-lellors, and members of the feleCt committee of the fettlement of Fort Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandal, in the Eaft Indies, (hall not be difcontintied by any prorogation or difTolution of the parliament.

C A P. LX.

An aCl to prevent the /educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing callicoes, cottons, muflins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements ufed in that manufactory, to go to parts beyond the feas; and to prohibit tbe ex-potting to foreign parts of any fuch blocks, plates, or other implements.

Preamble.

Penalty on perfons enticing workmen employed in printing callicoes, cottons, &c« to leave the kingdom.

WHEREAS the buftnefs or manufactory of printing callicoes% cottons, muflins, and linens, with wooden blocks, has been long carried on in this kingdom% greatly to the advantage of tbe publicity and has of late years been much improved by uftng therein engraved plates of copper or ether metal9 and thereby the fale of fuch goods has been confiderably increafed, and large quantities exported: and whereas y for the encouraging of fuch manufactory in this kingdomy it is ncceJJ'ary that provifon jfhould be made to prevent artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing fuch blocks and plattSy from departingy or from being (educed to depart out of this kingdom j and to prohibit the exportation of any blocks, plateSy engines, toolSy or utenfiis, to be ufed in fuch manufactory: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paf&ng of this adf, if any perfon or perfons (hall contract with, entice, perfuade, or endeavour to feduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who mall have worked at, or been employed in printing callicoes, cottons, muflins, or linens of any fort, or in making or preparing, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, for fuch manufactory, to go out of Great

Britain %

Digitized by v^ooQle

1782,] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGIT III. c. 60.	£5

Britain, to any part beyond the Teas,, and (hall be convifled thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king’* bencfi at Wejiminjler, or by indictment at the affizes or general gaol delivery for the county or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, or the offender or offenders (hall live or refide, or by indictment in the court of judiciary, or any of the circuit coarts in Scotland, as the cafe may be; every perfon fo convicted (hall, for every artificer fo contracted with, enticed, perfuad-ed, encouraged, or feduced, or attempted fo to be, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ and (hall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or ftewartry, wherein the offender or offenders (hall be convicted, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of twelve calendar months, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid; and in cafe of a fubfequent offence of the firae kind, the perfon or perfons fo again offending, (hall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every perfon fo con-	1

traded with, enticed, perfuaded, encouraged, or feduced, or attempted fo to be, the fumf of one thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall be committed to the common gaol as aforefaid, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and during the term of two years, and until fuch forfeiture lball be paid.

1L Provided always, That no perfon (hall be prodbcuted for Profecution to any of the offences aforefaid, unlefs fuch profecution (hall be J* commenced within the fpace of twelve calendar months next months1.” ** after fuch offence (hall be committed.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the Penalty on paffing of this aCt, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or per- exporting, or fbns whomfoever to export from Great Britain to any parts be- ^p^t^any ° yond the feas, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, blocks’plates, commonly ufed in, or which are proper for the preparing, &c. ufed in working up, or finifhing of the callicoe, cotton, muflin, or li- thef ma* nen printing manufactures, or any part or parts of fuch blocks, nufa or¥* plates, engines, tools, or utenfils; and if any perfon or performs (hall put or endeavour to put on board any (hip, boat,

barge, lighter, or other veffel, not bound direCtly to fame port in Great Britain, any fuch blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit all fuch blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof; and alfo (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, or in the court of fefGon in Scotland, refpeCtively, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enaCted, That, from and'after the Officers im-pafling of this aCt, it (hall be lawful for any officer or officers of powered tp his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, and they are hereby required

and direded, from time to time, to feize, and fecurc in fome as (hall be at-% his Maj city's warchoufes, all fuch blocks, plates, engines, tempted to be

G 3	_	‘	tools,	exported.

Digitized by vjOO^IC

S6

Penalty on captains, mailers, &c. who (hall permit fuch blocks, plates, &c. to be put on board their VdTcls.

Penalty on

officers who lhall take any entry outward for ex-porting any of the (aid blocks, &c.

Application of

^ forfeitures*

Anno viceffmo fecundo Georqii III. c/6o. [1782.

tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof, the exportation thereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they (hall find, or be informed to be on board, or in a way of being put on board any (hip, boat, barge, lighter, or other vefiel, not bound di-redlly to fome port in Great Britain; and all blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof, fo feized, (hall, after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, be publickly fold to the bed bidder, to be ufed in 'Great Britton* and not elfewhere; and one moiety of the produce (hall go to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall have feized and fecured the! fame.

V.	And be it .further enacted. That, from and after the palling of this aft, if the captain, mafter, mate, or other officer, of any (hip or other vefiel in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall willingly or knowingly permit or fuffer any fuch blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof, to be put on board his or their (hip or other vefiel, or (hall connive at the; fame being done, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit) and pay thefum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as the penalties by this act impofed on; perfons exporting blocks, or other things, as aforefaid, are directed to be recovered ; and if the (hip or vefiel belongs to hi^ Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, the captain, or other officer orj officers thereof, fo permitting, fuffering, or conniving, (hall, be-j fides forfeiting the faid fum of one hundred pounds, be, anq is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding any office or edmmiflion under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this adt, if any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or fuffer to be taken, any Gentry or entries outward, or fign any cocket or cockets or fufferance, for the (hipping or exporting of any of the faid blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utenfils, or part or parts thereof, or knowingly fuffer the fame to be done, he or •they (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds o| lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered in manner afore* faid 5 arid (hall alfo forfeit and lofe his or their office or employ ment, and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That one moiety of the re

Limitation of actions.

fpedtive forfeitures, by this adt inflidted on offenders againft tb< fame, (hall, when lecovered, go and be applied to the ufe ol his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; and the other moiety tc the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall fue and profecute toi the fame refpedtively.

VIII. And be it further enadted, That if any adtion or fail (hall be commenced againft any perfon for what he (hall do it purf-iance of this adt, fuch adtion or fust (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fadt committed; anfi the perfon fo fued (hall and may file common bail, and enter;

. commoi

Digitized by Google -

i7$2*] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 61.	87

common appearance, and j>lead the general iffue not guilty, and General iflye. may give this act and the (pedal matter in evidence; and ifthe plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuir, or fuffer difeonti-nuance, or if a verdict (hall pafs againft him, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft him, then, and in any gf the cafes aforefaid, the defendant (hall recover treble colts. Treble code.

C A P. LXI.

An aft for granting an additional duty upon white or manufafturei bees wax imported into Great Britain,

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefly’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards railing the necefiary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s pub-lick cxpences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after After July** the twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and I7st> *n ad-eighty-two, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and pound- ditional duty age, and all other fubfidies and duties whatfoever, due and pay- l*rh able for all white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great S^icTfor^n Britain, by any aCt or aCts of parliament now in force, there white bees (hall be raifpd, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his wax imported . heirs and fijyoceilbrs, before landing thereof, the additional rates, l*to this king-duties, and ioipofts following, without any difeount or deduc- dom*

{ion whatsoever; that is to fay.

For every pound weight avoirdupoifeof fuch white or manu-fadured bees wax, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, the fum of three-pence, and after that rate for any greater or lets quantity.

II.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-laid, That the faid additional rate or duty herein-before mentioned, (ball be alfo fubjeCt and liable to an additional impoft or duty of fivepounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the lame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majefty by an aCt made in the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive tommilfioners of the cuftoms end excife in Great Britain.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-fcud, That the faid feveral duties and impofts, herein-before

G 4	granted.

Digitized by Google

The new duty to be fubjett to an additional 5 per cent, agreeable to i9Geo.3.c.*5«

The new duties to be levied and recovered in the

duties on bees wax

and to be under the management of the commiffi-oners of the cuftoms.

How to be paid into the exchequer.

88	Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. [1782.*

fame manner granted, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in manner an<^ forna, and by fuch ways, means, and me-M# thods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties now payable to his Majefty upon bees wax are raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral daufes, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, refpeCtively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent ad; and the fame (hall be under the management of the refpedive commiflioners of the cuftoms and their officers for the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the cuftoms in England, and (hall be by him paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in the following manner; that is to fay. The faid additional duty upon white and manufactured bees wax (hall be paid in diftinCt and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general (hall receive for the ufe of his Majefty, hrs heirs and fucceflors, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad mentioned; and the faid additional import of five pounds per centum upon the duty granted by this ad, (hall be paid in as part of the faid import granted by the before-mentioned ad of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, under the title and defcription of The impojl one tboufani ftven hundred and feventy-nine.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of

office in which t^ie ^ai<^ rccc*P* exchequer a book or books, in which all the the new duty monies arifing from the faid duty and import, and paid into the (hall be fepa- faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from lately entered. an other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and Application fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted by any aCt or aCts of this feflion of parliament for this purpofe, and not otherwife applied, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an aCt of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijking a lottery«

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That upon the exportation of any white or manufactured bees wax from this kingdom to any port or place beyond the feas as merchandize, the exporter fhall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation of fuch bees wax by virtue of this aCt; which drawback or allowance (hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in alt re-fpeCts, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of cuftoms upon the exportation of bees wax was, could, or might be made, before the parting of this aCt.

A book to be

provided in the auditor's

thereof.

A drawback ot the duties to be allowed on exportation.

Digitized by L.ooQle

CAP.

lySi.] Anno viccfimofecundo Gborgii III. c.€2

99

CAP. LXII.

jfn aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft, made in the Jeconi year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, for raifing and training the militia, as relates to perfons paying the fum of ten pounds being liable to ferve again in the militia at the expiration of three years; and alfo to oblige fubftitutes to make oath refpefting their place of Jet element.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign Preamble* of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An adt to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the feveral laws recited? now in being relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England), it is enafted.

That if any perfon, chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, (not being one of the people called Quakers), Jhall refufe or negleft to appear and take the oath by the j'aid aft required, and ferve in the militia, or provide a fubjlitute, to be approved as therein mentioned, who Jhall take the faid oath, and ftgn his eonfent to ferve as a fubjlitute, every fucb perfon fo refufmg or neglefting Jhall forfeit the Jum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of three years be liable to ferve again, or provide a fubjlitute : ana whereas it is by the faid aft likewife enafted»

That no perfon having ferved perfonally, or by fubfitute, in the militia, Jhall be obliged to ferve again, until by rotation it comes to bis item : and whereas very high prices are frequently given by perfons tbofen by lot to ferve in the militia, for the hire of fubjlitutes to ferve in their /lead: and whereas fuch high prices are attended with many inconveniences, and are, in a great meafure, owing to the advantages which perfons providing fubftitutes are infilled to in preference to thofe who pay the penalty of ten pounds direfted by the faid aft to be paid by perfons refufing or neglefting to ferve in the militia : be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the perfons chofen authority of the fame. That if any perfon chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, in the militia (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be and Paying applied to the purpofes diredted by the faid adt, fuch perfon (ball £ ©bh ed"to not be obliged to ferve in the militia, until by rotation it fhall fervc u„t;i £ come to his turn ; any law, (latute, or ufage, to the contrary Jhall come to thereof notwithftanding.	their turn.

II.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore- Substitutes to (aid. That no perfon offering himfelf to ferve as a fubftitute in be (Worn, the militia, fhall be accepted and inrolled as fuch, unlefs he takes and fubferibes the following oath ; videlicet \

1A. B. do Jolemnly fwear. That, to the bejl of my knowledge and The oath.

belief, the place of my fettlement is the parijb of in the county of	[being	the	county	in	which	the

fubftitute then offers to ferve*]

Digitized by

Google

Which

go	Anno	vicefimo	fccundo	Georgii	III. c. 63. [1782;

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant, or one juttice of the peace, are hereby required to adminifter at that meeting of deputy lieutenants and juftices where fuch fubftitutc is to be in* rolled.

Not to extend ill. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing to fubftitutes in this a & contained (hall extend to fubftitutes now ferving in willing to con- any corpS 0f militia, who may, when the time of their prefent expiration ofC tervicc is expired, be willing to continue to ferve in the lame their time of corps for a further time, fcrvice.

CAP. LXIII.

An afl to repeal fo much of an afi, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effe&ual difarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other purpofes therein mentioned), as refrains the ufe of the Highland drefs.

Preamble. TXT HERE AS by an a SI, made in the nineteenth year of the V V reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, 19 Geo!*.c. 39. An adt for the more effectual difarming the Highlands in Scot-recited. land, and for more efledtuaily fecuring the peace of the faid Highlands; and for retraining the ufe of the Highland drefs; and for further indemnifying fuch perfons as have adted in defence of his Majefty’s perfon and government, during the unnatural rebellion ; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-fix; and for obliging the matters and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majetty, his heirs and fucceffors, and to regifter the fame; it was, among other things? enabled. That, from and after the firjl day of Auguft, one ^thoufandfeven hundred and forty-feven, no man or boy, within that fart of Great Britain called Scotland, other than fuch as fbould be employed as officers and foldiers in bis Majejly s forces, Jhould, on any freteuu whatfoever, wear or-put on the clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes; {that is to fay). The plaid, philebeg or little kilt, trowfe, Jhouller belts, or any part whatfoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland garb, and that no tartan, or party-colourid plaid or fuff, Jhould be ufedfor great coats or for upper coats, under the penalties therein mentioned; and the time appointed for laying aftde the [and Highland drefs was, in certain cafes therein mentioned, further prolonged by two feveral afls, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty frfi year of the reign of his faid late majejly King George the Second: and whereas it is judged expedient that jo much of the aSls above mentioned as refrains the ufe of the Highland drefs jhould be repealed: be it therefore enaded by the King’s So much of molt excellent majetty, by and with the advice and confent of the recited ad, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent or any other parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ftf*' a\he f muck a<**s at*ovc mentioned, or any other act or ads

Digitized by Google

1782.] Anho vicefimo fecundo Georg 11 III. c. 64.	51

of parlitfncnr, as reftrains the ufe of the Highland drefs, be, and of the high-the fame aris hereby repealed.	'and	dreis,

repealed*

CAP- LXIV.

Ik o3 for tbe amending and rendering mm effectual the IdiOs iti king relative to houfes of correction

WHEREAS^/w ad, made in the feventb year of the reign preamble.

of bis late majefly King James the Fir/i, for the due execu- Rcc-|U| Qf an tion of divers laws and flatutes theretofore made againft rogues, va- a($ 7 jac. i* c* gabonds, and fturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle perfons± houfes 45 of correction are directed to be provided in every county, and fumijbed with all neciffary mills and other implements to fet the rogues, vaga* tends and ftoerdy beggars, and other idle and diforderly perfons, t<r work, at the expence of every fucb county, by order of the fuftius of tbe peace at their general quarter fejftons, who are alfo to appoint a governor or mqfter of every futh houje of correction, with power to fet tbe [aid perfons on work: and whereas by an aCl made in the /even-teentbyettr of tbe reign of his late majejly King George tbe Second, aiMj ,7gco. a* to amende and make more effectual, the laws relating to rogues, c.5. vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to the houfes of correction, the juftices of the peace are authorifed, upon prefentment of the grand jury at the affixes, that tbe boufe of correction is not fufficient or convenient, by order, at their general porter feffions of the peace, to enlarge, or buy, or hire a more convenient houfe, or to purcbofe land for fuch buildings,%and for a convenient outlet, and to ereCt fuch houfes, and to raife upon the county fucb fums of money as /ball be neceffary for thofe purpofes: and where-ft, by many other acts of parliament, perfons are directed to be fent by warrants from juftices of tbe peace to the houfes of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for a limited time: and whereas in many counties thefaid houfes of correction are infufficient in number, or deficient in building', and the apartments in them are very ill accommodated to the purpofes for which they were intended; by medns whereof, and front a want of due order, employment, and iifeipline in fuch houfes of eorrettion, the perfons fent thither for correction and reformation frequently grow more diffiolute and abandoned during their continuance in fuch houfes: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King** rood excellent majefty, by and whh the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of die fame. That the juftices of the peace in every county, riding, divifion, city, their quarter liberty, and precindl, within England and Wales, at their refpec- feflions, 10 tive quarter feflions of the'peace, to be held next after Midfum- "^Tce Ilf each mer frotn the time of palling this aft, fhall, and they .are hereby JSWStToex required to nominate one or more juftice or juftices of the amine the peace, within their refpedtive jurisdictions, divifions, or diitri&s, houfes of cor-whom they iha!l think moft proper, to examine and infped the r^!Pn* feveral houfes of correction "within their refpc&ive jurifdidttons’; and the juftice or juftices, fo to be nominated, i&,and,are hereby

required

Digitized by Goode

9*

The juftices fo nominated to make a report, &c. to the next Michaelmas qurter feffi-$nt.

Separate apartments to be provided for perfons committed for felony, &c.

Juftices, at their general quarter feffi-ons, to make fuch orders as they (hall think proper. Buildings to be furniflied, and provided with mills, looms* &c»

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 64.	[1782*

required carefully and diligently to infped the fame, with all convenient fpeed, and to report his or their opinion to the juftices of their refpedive jurifdidions, at the Michaelmas quarter feflions then next following, as to the ftate and condition there* of, and the increafe of number, or additions or alteratioris which

a may judge neceflary to make them more convenient and , having regard to the clafling of the feveral perfons who (hall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punifhments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of fuch perfons who are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of fuch prifons clean and whole* fome5 and the faid juftice or juftices, fo to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and (kilful perfons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they (hall think neceflary in the prefent buildings to make them anlwer the feveral purpofes of this ad; which plans, together with the report of the (aid juftice or juftices, (hall be laid before the court at the faid Muhatlmas quarter feflions; or if, from any difficulties or accidents, fuch report (hall not happen to be made at that feflions, then, and in that cafe, the fame (hall be made at or before the Epiphany quarter feflions then next followingj which court is hereby authorifed and required to conftder the fame, and if they approve fuch plans, they may adjourn the quarter feflions to a further day for receiving propofals from perfons inclined to undertake fuch work, of which due notice (hall be publifhed, and then to con-trad with fuch perfons whom they (hall think moft proper to do the fame $ or if they difapprove fuch plans and eftimates, to di-red fuch others to be made as they (hall think fit, and adjourn their quarter feflions to fome further day, to receive fuch new plans and eftimates, and alfo propofals from perfons inclined to undertake the work; and the juftices, in fettling and adjufting fuch plans, are hereby required to provide feparate apartments for all perfons committed upon charges of felony, or convided of any theft or larceny, and committed to the houfe of correction for puni(hment by hard labour, under or by virtue of the laws in being, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prifoners; and alfo proper apartments covered or open, as (hall be found moft convenient for employing the fe-verai perfons who are to be kept to hard labour5 and they are alfo to provide feparate apartments, in each divifion of the faid houfe of corredion, for the women who (hall be committed thither.

II. And be it enaded, That the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feflions, (hall, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, upon any report to them made as aforefaid, to make fuch order thereupon as to them (hall feem juft, and the nature of the cafe may require.

III.	And be it further enaded. That as foon as fuch building? (hall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforefaid, the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feflions, ihall order them to. be fitted up and furnifhed in fuch

manner

93

ijSi.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 64.'

manner as to them (hall Teem fit; and (hall alfo provide fuch mills, looms, utenfils, and implements, as they (hall judge proper for employing the fevera) perfons who (hall be committed to fuch houfes of correction for hard labour: and the faid ju-ftices (hall, at every general quarter feffions of the peace, call upon the keeper of fuch houfe of correction to produce to them in writing a lid of the feveral perfons then in cuftody, with a defcription of the offence or offences, and the time for which every fuch perfon was committed, diftinguiftiing particularly thofe who are directed by the warrant of commitment to be kept to bard labour, and alfo diftinguiftiing the age and fex of every fuch perfon committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufacture, or bufinefs, every fuch perfon hath been employed, and what he or (he hath been mod accudomed to, and is bed qualified for, and how each perfon has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the bed of his information and obfervation; which lid the keeper of every fuch houfe of cor-reCtion is hereby directed to make out, and deliver to the chair- condition to man of fuch court of quarter feffions, as foon as fuch court deliver to the (hall be affembled 5 and the court (hall, before the end of that quarter fef-feflion, give fuch directions for the future employment of the ”°ns of. faid feveral prifoners as to them (hall feem meet j and the ju- ^riiTefyec^11 dices (hall, at their general quarter feffions of the peace, from tire cuitody. time to time, order and direCt a fufficient quantity of materials for manufactures to be provided for the ufe and employment of the feveral perfons who (hall be committed to fuch houfes of correction for hard labour, of fuch kinds as they in their difere-tion (hall think mod proper; and (hall employ fome fit perfon to be the keeper of fuch houfe of correction, and may appoint a temporary afiiftant or affiftants to indruCt fuch prifoners in any bufinefs or branch of manufacture which the juftices (hall think mod proper to be fet on foot and undertaken there.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That the rules, orders, and Rule* and regulations, fpecified and contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed, for the better rule and government of the perfons to fchedule to be committed to the faid houfes of correction, (hall be duly ob- be obferved ferved and enforced at every fuch houfe of correction, fubjeCt in the houfe* neverthelefs to fuch additions as (hall from time to time be of corrc«,on* made by the judices of the peace for the county, riding, divi-

fion, city, town, or place, wherein fuch houle of correction (hall be fituate, at their quarter feffions which (hall be held next after Midfummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby au-tborifed to make at their diferetion ; provided that fuch additions (hall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations edabli(hed by this aCt: and, for the purpofe of having them more generally known, and more ftriCtly attended to, the governors or keepers of every fuch houfe of correction (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe the fame to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in fome confpicuous part of every fuch prifon.

V.	And% in order to defray tie expences of the feveral matters and

things

/

Digitized by LjOOQle

Expences of maintaining the prifoners in the houfes of correction, &c. how to be defrayed.

Any juftice may prefent the want of houfes of correction to the quarter feflUns.

All prifoners in luch houfes to he employed by the go-nernor.

No governor, or officer under hun, to fell wine, See. or any article vitd in the houfe.

Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoROII Ilf. c. 64. £1782.

things her tin-before direfted to be done refpe fling houfes of correflion, and the fupport and maintenance of prifoners confined there, a»d other expences ntcefjary to the execution of this aft, not herein particularly provided for, be ir further enaCted, That the juftices of the peace at their general quarter feflions, may and (hall caufe fuch fums of money, as (hall be neceflary for all or any of thofe purpofes, to be raifed in the fame manner as rates are directed to be raifed by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more eafy affeffng, collefling, and levying of county rates.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the pafling of this aCt, the want of houfes of correction, or the i«-fufficiency thereof, may be presented at the court of quarter feflions by a juftice of the peace aCting for fuch divifion or di-ftriCt, on his own view or knowledge thereof, as well as by the grand jury, purfuant to the directions of the faid a& of the fe-venteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty 5 which presentment by the juftice (hall be proceeded upon in the fame manner as if it had been made by the grand jury.

VII.	And bi it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor or keeper of every houfe of correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all fuch perfons as (hall be prifoners therein, and kept and maintained at the ex pence of the county, divifion, or diftriCt, wherein fuch houfe of correction is fituate, in fome work or labour which i9 not fevere, although fuch prifoner was not, by the warrant of his commitment, ordered to be kept to labour; and every fuch governor or keeper (hall enter a feparate account of the work done by every perfon under that defeription, and (hall account with and pay to him or her one half of the nett profits, which he or (he (hall have earned, at'the time of his or her difeharge, and not before.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no perfon or perfons who (hall be governor or keeper of any houfe of correction, or who (hall have any office or employment, as afliftant, or other-wife under fuch governor or keeper of fuch houfe of correction, (hall fell, or be capable of being licenfed to fell, or have any benefit or advantage whatfoever, direCtly or indirectly, from the fale of any wine, ale, beer, fpirituous or other liquors, or any other article, matter,- or thing, ufed in fuch houfe of correction, or by any perfon or perfons confined therein, during the time of fuch employment; and every perfon offending therein (hall, on complaint made upon oath, and conviction (or the faid offence, before a raagiftrate having jurifdiction there, forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence, and (hall be difmiifed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as afliftant in fuch houfe of correction, by order of the juftices at their next general quarter feflions of the peace, on proof being made upon oath before them of the faid offence; and that no wine, ale, fpirituous or other liquors, (hall be brought into the houfe of correction to be drank there, unlefs for a medical purpofe, by a

written

Digitized by CjOOQle

95

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.

written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or furgeon ufually attending fuch houfe of correction; and that the directions given by the faid lad-mentioned a Cl for the infpeftion and controul by the juftices over the matter or keeper of every fuch houfe of correction, (hall be ftri&ly adhered to and enforced, and every fuch governor and keeper punilhed for his negleCl of duty or mUbebaviour, according to the directions of the faid aCt.

IX.	And be if further enaCted, That the juftices of the ju(kCCs to fit peace, in their refpeCtive quarter fefiions, (hall fix a reafonable a falary for (alary for governor or keeper of the houfe of correction, and the governor, may moreover allow him fome proportion of the profits earned

by tbe prifoners.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the No woman to

palling of this aCt, no woman (hall be capable of being appoint- he keeper of ed keeper of any houfe of correction.	co^aion.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That the governor of every Governors houfe of correction (hall have power to put handcuffs or fetters imp0were<l to upon any prifoner who (hall behave in a refractory manner, or handcuff re-(hew a difpofition to break out of piifon; but liich governor fra&orypri-(hall give notice thereof to one of the vifiting juftices, within f°ncri' forty-eight hours after the prifoner (hall be fo fettered; and he

(hall not continue fuch fettering longer than (ix days, without obtaining an order in writing from one of the vifiting juftipes.

XII.	And be it further enaCled, That the juftices of the juftices may peace, at their general quarter fefiions, may, if they think fit, appoint a appoint a minister of the church of England, refiding in or near clergyman to the place where every fuch houfe of correction (hall be fituate, rine°fcrv\ce to perform divine fervice there every Sunday, and may appoint *m any houfe fuch falary for his trouble as they (hall think fit, not exceeding of correction, twenty pounds per annum, to be paid by the treafurer of the

county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch houfe fhall be fituate, out of the county rates, or other publick money to be collefted therein ; but fuch falary to be diminifhed, at any future quarter fefiions, if the juftices (hall think fit.

XIII.	And be it further enaCled, That all penalties inflicted Penalties how by this aCt (hall, in default of payment, after due fummons and to be recover-demand made, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s ai>’ goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and p 1

feal of any juftice of the peace having jurifdiCtion where fuch offender (hall dwell, rendering to the faid offender the overplus,

(if any), after the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale (hall be de-' duCted; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs (hall not be found, then, and in every fuch cafe,, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch juftice of the peace to commit fuch offender to the common gaol orshoufe of correCIion, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any fpace not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month; and that every fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall be paid to the treafurer of the county, riding, divifion, or diftriCt, where fuch houfe of correCIion (hall be fituate, in aid of the common dock, out of which the

expences

Digitized by

Google

96

Publick a&.

Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii III. C.64; [178*1

cxpenccs attending the execution of the feveral purpofes of this adt are to be paid as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adt; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and others, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

Rules> orders, and regulations, to be obfervei and enforced at every boufe of correction provided and ejiablijbed, or to be provided and ejiablijbed\ under the authority of the ads of the feventh year of the reign of his late majejly King James the Firjl^ the feventeenth of King George the Second, and the twenty-fecond of King George the Third.

I.	That the feveral perfons who fhall be committed to the houfe of correction to be kept to hard labour, (hall be employed (uhlefs prevented by ill health) everyday, during their confinement, (except Sundays, Chrijlmas-day, and Good Friday) for fo many hours as the day-light in the different feafons of the year will admit, not exceeding twelve hours, being allowed thereout to red half an hour at breakfaft, an hour at dinner, and half an hour at fupper, and that the intervals (hall be noticed by the ringing of a bell.

II.	That the governor of each houfe of correction fhall adapt the various employments, which (hall be directed by the juftices at their quarter feflions, to each perfon in fuch manner as (hall be bed fuited to his or her lirength and ability, regard being bad to age and fex.

III.	That the males and females (hall be employed, and (hall alfo eat and be lodged, in feparate apartments, and (hall have no iatercourfe or communication with each other.

IV.	That every perfon fo committed (hall be fudained with bread, and any coarfe but wholefome food, and water; but perfons under the care of the phyfician, furgeon, or apothecary, (hall be fudained with fuch food and liquor as he (hall direct.

V.	That the governor, and fuch other perfons (if any) as (hall be employed by the judices to aflid the governor, (hall be very watchful and attentive in feeing that the perfons fo committed are conftantly employed during the hours of work; and if any perfon (hall be found remifs or negligent in performing what is required to be done by fuch perfon to the bed ofliis or her power and ability, or (hall wilfully wade, fpoil, or damage the goods committed to his or her care, the governor (hall pu-ni(h every fuch perfon in the manner hereafter directed.

VI.	That if#any perfon fo committed (hall refufe to obey the orders given by the governor, or (hall be guilty of profane cuffing or (wearing; or of any indecent behaviour or expreflion, or of any affaulr, quarrel, or abufive words, to or with any other

Digitized by v^ooQle

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 65.

perfon; he or (he (hall be punifhcd for the fame in the manner hereafter dire&ed.

VII.	That the governor (hall hive power to punifh the fe-veral offenders for the offences herein-before defcribed, by clofer confinement j and (hall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the infpedtion of the juftices at the quarter fefiions, and the vi-fitihg juftice or juftices, the name of every perfon who (hall be fo puniflicd by him, expreffing the offence, and the duration of the puniftunent infUftcd.

CAP. LXV.

An aft to enable the mod noble Henry duke of Newcaftle, hie heirs, ete-tutors, or admmiftrators, to open a ftrcet from the Strand, at or near the eaft end of the New Church, to the fouth end of Stanhope Street in the pariih of Saint Clement Danes, within the city and liberty of Weft* mutter} and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforefaid, and Wylde Street in the pariih of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlefex.

The duke of Newcaftle impowered to make a new ftreet from the eaft end of the New Church to the fouth end of Stanhope Street. Commiflioneri appointed to fet out the new ftreet. Commiflioners to hold tbeir meetings at the Peacock Inn in Haugbton Street, or at any place in the city of Weft* under, .on the fourth Tuefday after pafling the aft, and at other times and places as any five of them (hall think proper. Duke of Newcaftle authorised to agree with the owners and occupiers of any grounds or building* fur the pUrchafe thereof, within thefe bounds, vix. from the Strand at or near the eaft end of the New Church towards the north into Holywell Street, and from thence continuing northwards acrofs the ground whereon feveral me flu ages flood, and were lately burnt down, and afterwards contusing northwards through or over other mefluages and ground into Wyche Street; and from Wyche Street aforefaid continuing northward through or over other mefluages and ground, into Little Stanhope Street, otherwise called Maypole Alleys and from thence along the faid ftreet or alley, all which mefluages and ground are in the parifh of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Weftimnfter, and county of Middlefex*: and alfo all that me flu age and ground fltuate at the nortn eaft corner of Stanhope Street aforefaid, and the mefluages and ground in Prince's Street and Great Wylde Street, all which lait mentioned premifes are in the parifh of Saint titles in the Fields, in the faid county; and that the materials of the hid mefluages, &c. (hall immediately after the purchafe veft in the faid duke, his heirs, See. Bodies corporate, Sec. enabled to treat and agree with the duke of Newcaftle for the fale or exchange of any ground or buildings within the bounds aforefaid. If proprietors refufe to treat, or do not evince a clear title, the value to be ascertained by a jury. Witness nny be examined on oath. Jury to award the fums to be paid to the parties. Verdift of jury, to be final $ and to be entered in the re-gifter office of the county. On payment of the purchafe money, the parties to convey the premifes to the duke of Newcaftle, his heirs, Sec. In default thereof, or of accepting the purchafe money, the fame to be applied for the benefit of the parties interefted as the commiflioners (hall ai-reft j and the premifes to veft in the duke of Newcaftle. The whole of any boufe, or the fcite thereof, may be purchafed, although a part Only may be wanted. No ground to be made ule of unlefs notice thereof be given to the owner on or before June s+, 178+. Requiring tenants to deliver op the premifes in their pofleffion within fix months after notice. Porchafe money for eftates belonging to infants, Sec. to be laid out to the (ante ufes The ground for the new ftreet, between the Strand and Holy-well Street, to be fct out by *5 Dec. 378*1 and the purchafe money may

voujuauv.	a	b.

Digitized by Google

98	Anno	vlcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 66. [1782.

he paid to the mortgagees, if any. Purchafe money for ground whereon any houfes lately burnt down were Handing, to bear imere& from June 24, 178a, till payment. To be a publick aft.

CAP. LXVI.

An aft fir granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the produa ' of the feveral duties under the management of the refpiftiu com-mijfioners of the cufloms and excife in Great Britain.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \\7 your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing, by the mod eafy means, the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’f publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral fubfidies and duties herein-after mentioned j and do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be cnafted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Frora July 25, rity of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth dav of 178a* an ad- July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, there mall aftcrnthedratte, bc ra^e<*» levied, collefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his of 5 percent. Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, an additional impoft or duty, of the former after the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the produce and duties, laid on amount of all the feveral fubfidies, impofts, and other duties, al^fe<Hnt™~ wbat km(* or nature f°ever they may be, which are now due wported °* a°d pay able, to his Majefty, and are collefted in this kingdom, from, or car- under the management and direftion of the refpeftive commif-ried coaftwife fioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain, for and upon anygoods tainGfCatiiri" anc^ melkhan(^zes imported into, or exported from, or carried coaftwife in Great Britain, except and c.xclufive of the additional Exceptiou. impoft or duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The impofl one thoufand feven and feventy-nine, which was granted by an aft made in the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, in-jjGeo.j.c 15. tituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties upon the pr.odlue of the. feveral duties under the management of tin refpeftive commijfioners of the cujloms and excife in Great Britain; which faid additional impoft or duty by this aft granted (hall be charged and paid upon the amount of the faid former fubfidies, impofts, and other duties, and (hall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon the exportation of the goods, under the fafrie rules, re* gulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the fame manner and form in all refpefts, as the faid additional impoft one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, is now charged, collefted, paid, and drawn back, and (hall be appropriated and applied to the ufes and purpofes in this aft mentioned.

An additional JJ. And bc it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, dutT^jiaii from aftd a^tcr laid twtttfy-fifth day of -July* one thoufand

CACJieaoif	a	.	fevCA

Digitized by LjOOQle

ijSz.j Anno viceGrao fccundo Georqij JII. c.66.	99

/even hundred and cighty-two, there (hall be railed, levied, goods (except collefted, and paid, to and for tfie ufe of his Majerty, diis heirs as att*'1 cx and fuceeffors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per th^aje of1*1* antum, upon the produce andainount of ail the feveral inland 5 percent, duties, rates, impofitions, and charges, (except as herein-after of the former is excepted) now payable to his Majerty, and which are charged and coljefted under the management of (he refpeftive commif-fioners of excife in England and Scotland i which faid additipn^il duty of five pounds per centum, hereby jrnpofed, (hall and may, from time to time, be charged, raifed, levied, recovered, at>d fecured, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rule?, and dire&ions, as the feveral and refpeftive inland duties, rates, impofitions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the faid additional duty or charge is hereby impofed, are or can, by any ftatute now in force, be refpeftively charged, raifed, received, levied, collefted, recovered, fecured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the feveral powers, authorities, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, claufcs, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again en-afted in the body of this prefent aft.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafled bv the autho- Thii aft not rity afocefaid. That nothing in this a# contained fnali extend, to affeftthe or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the faid additional duties on duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount

of the duties on beer, malt, fope, tallow candles, hides, or candles, and (kins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or drafted, within Great hides, brewed, Britain; or to charge with the laid duty the produce or amount made, &c. in of the feveral duties of five pounds per centum, and five pounds Great Britain} ptr centum refpeftively impofed upon the produce and amount northeaddi-of the feveral inland duties, under the management of the faid £npetJrie commiflioners of excife in England and Scotland, by the feveral CXcife duties, ads refpeftively made in the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty- granted in firft years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or by any or either of »pQeo. 3* them; any thing herein-befote contained to the contrary not-*ithftanding.

IV.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That dutjCJ! to th<faid additional imports and duties by this aft granted, (hall, be paid into from time to time, be paid into.the hands of the receiver-gene- the exchequer ral of the cuftoms, and to the cafhief of the excife in England weekly« refpeftively for the time being; and fuch receiver-general and

caftiier rpfpeftively (hall, weekly, to wit, on JVedneJday in every \*eck, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then 6n the next day after that is not an holiday, anfwer and pay all the monies arifing by the faid additional imports and duties, (the neceflary charges of raifing, collecting, and anfwering the fame only excepted), into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, diftinft and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general and calhier refpeftively (hall receive for tfie ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and focccflbrs, for the ufes and purpofes in this aft mentioned.

H z	V. And ,

Digitized by Google

too	Anno	vjeefimo	fecundo	GeorGI!	III.	c. 6j. [1782.

to be kept fe- V# And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Parat*	there	(hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of

ties0'1 €r U* fo'd receipt of exchequer, a book or books* in which all the 9	'	monies	arifmg	from the faid feveral imports and duties, and paid

into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his and to be ap- h$irs and fucccffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid plied in pay- money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, smnui°iesthC	together	with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as

granted by (hall be granted by any a6k or ads of this feflion of parliament the lottery	for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral an-

aa of this	nuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are dired-

fcflion. e<j lQ pa'1(j anj payaye purfuant to an ad of this prefent fef-fion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain frn tf money by way of annuities, and for ejiabfybing a lottery.

CAP. LXVII.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned tor the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-tiro; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in thi* feflion of parliament.

2,184,715I. 10a. 8d. granted out of the (inking fund, for the fervice of the current year $ to be iflued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury ira* powered to raife the fum of *,*84,7151. 10 a. 8d. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the (inking fund. All perfooi who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be rt-

tittered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to e taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cofts. Penalty of undoe preference in point of regiftry or payment. Auditor, &.c. negleding hit duty, liable for damages, dec. to be recovered by adion in any of the courts at Weftminfter, with cofts. No undue preference in the regifterin|;, where orders are brought the fame day; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, fo as money be referved for the pit* ceding orders. Power of aflignment, and aflionees may transfer orders toties quoties. If it (hall be judged more advileable, the treafury may raife the faid fum by exchequer bills inftead of loans; and the bills in fuch ca»e to be made in the manner preferibed by the land tax ad of this feflion. All advantages and penalties in the land tax ad of this feflion, relating to loans or exc* equer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this ad. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the (inking fund. Bank authorized to lend to hi* Majefty the fum of 2,184 7151 10s. 8d 3 notwithftanding an ad of 5 dr 6 Gul. & Marie. The fum of 100,000!. furplus of the finking fund, on Od. ro, 17S1 ; and 670,7601. ns. sd. 3q. of the faid furplus on April 5,1781) *3,64.5!. »s. 7 d. in the hands of the deputy treafurer of Chelfea hofpital j and 10,*511. 18 s. nd. in the exchequer; (hall be applied towards making good the fupply. A fum not exceeding 9,3131. 6s. 8d.; *8,346!. 5S.3 17,4411; 37,3001.3 and 63,9281. is. 6d. remaining in the hands of the pay mailer general, fhall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary expences of thr land forces, See. from Jan. 31, 1781, to Ftb. 1, 178*. The monies arifmg by the land tax. malt tax, lottery ad, and loans of 1,500,000!. and further loans of 1.900,000!. Vote of credit for 1.000,000 (. 200,0001, remaining in the exchequer on Od. 10, 1781, of the furpluifea of the finking fund; and 670.7601, us. id. 3q. remaining on April 5,178*, of the (aid furplufles; *3,645!. is. 7d. remaining in the hands of the deputy ir emu tec of Cbeliea hofpital, 10,251 !• 18 s, 11 d, remaining in the exchequer;

Digitized by v^ooQle

SOI

i;8i.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.

chequer; and 1,184,71 c 1. 10s. 8 d. by this aft granted out of the furplufles of toe finking fund; (hall be applied to the ufes following 1 6,563,1851.

111. 9d. towards naval fervices; 1,500,0001. towards paying off the navy debt) 696,0011.13s. 5d. for the charges of the office of ordnance for *99,713! M *• 7d. for ditto, not provided for in 1781; 7,661,4.111. iq towards maintaining the land forces, 5ec.; of which 1,141,835k if. 3d. for defraying the charges of 49,455 effc&ive men, including officer*, 21x14,175 invalids, for guards, garnfons, &c. in Great Britain, &c.; 1,315 513I. 5#- ,0<h f°r forces and garrifbns in Africa, and the Eaft In-dics,&c-4 43,8401. 6s. for general and general ftafF officers in Great Bri-tiinj 56,074!. 19s. 4d. *q. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provifions for three of the faid battalions at Gibral- > tar, for the year 1781 ; 367,103 1. 98. iod. for 13,471 troops of Heffe Caf-fcl, &c.j 61,1081 11s. 1 q. for two regiments of Hanau, &c.; 17,498!. 3 s. id. jq. for a regiment of Waldeck, &c.; 93,947!. 15s. 8d. for 4,300 Bpjnfwickm, &c; 43.6651. ns. 3^. for 1,559 troops of Brandebourg An-fpack 1 13,8181. ns. nd. iq. for infantry, Ac. of Anhalt Zerbft 3 55,4691, for provifions for foreign troops ferving m America; 15,4991. 17 s. 5 d. to nike good a deficiency in the Turns voted for the troops of Heffe Caffel for 1781; 3,1811. ns. 5d. to make good a deficiency in the Turns voted for th* troops of Brandebourg Anfpacb; 4,941!. 19 s. to m*ke good a deficiency in the Toms voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft in 1781; 17,683 k 14s. for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign trpopt for 17813 677,497!. 15 s. 10 d. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, &c. for 17813 100,5941. 17 s. id. for defraying the charge of clothing for militia in 1781; 11,319!. x8s. 8d. for defraying the charge of a regiment of light dragoons, &c.; 36,180!. 10s. 8d, for advanced pay for troops for the Eaft Indies; 91,8811. 17s. 1 d. to the outpenfioqers of CheU Teabofpiral; 5411. 14s. id. for an additional company, dec. of militia in Sosth Britain for 1781; 77,5951. 19s. id. for reduced officers of land forcet'&c.; 5741.18s 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horfe guards reduced,5tc.; 1,675!. 10 s. 4d. for additional! to three regiments of foot,&c.i 3,180/7531. ns. iod. iq. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1781, &c.;

1.500.0001,	for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an aft of laft feffion; 1,000,0001. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of laft Teffion 3 1,410,0001. for paying off other exchequer bills qf laft feffion 3 480,000k for paying off exchequer bills iffued fmcejan. 14,17813 8,908!. 9s. id. iq. iffued 111 purfuance of addreffes eftbehoufeof commons; 15,000k towards carrying on the buildings st Somerfct Houle; 5,0111. 10s; 5 d. for fupporting the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia; 1.5361. for the civil eftablifhment of Georgia; 3,950!. for the civil eftabliument of Eaft Florida 3 1,700k for the civil eftablifhment of Weft Florida; 3.000k for the civil eftablifhment of the ifiand of Saint jobs; 15,000k fot maintaining tons on the coafts of Africa; 19,000k for tbe commiflioners of publics accounts; 5,8301. 1 s. 6d. on account of se* roads, Sec. in the highlands of Scotland; 73,704k 8s. for relief of American civil officers, £c.; 5,000k for affifting the Levant company 3

3.0001.	to the Britifh Mufeum; 10,364k 10s. 5d. for making compenfa-tios for certain lands, Arc. at or near Plymouth; 10,000 k towards rebuilding Newgate; 14,719 k 4s. iffued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining coavifits, &c.; 35,149! 8 «• sq- to make gopd tbe deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an aft 31 Geo. 1. 5. 11; 183,380k 3 s. 8d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an aft it Geo* 3; 101,8061. 9 s. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying Uiouinesgranted by an aft 19 Oeo. 3. c. 18; 153,193k 8s. nd. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annqitifs granted in so Goo. 3* ci6; tod 19,667 k 5 s. 11 d. 3q. to make gooefthe deficiency of tbe grants for the year 1781. The (aid aids to be applied qnly to the ufes before rationed. _ Rules to be obferved in the application of (he halfpay. By waft si Geo. 3. c. 57. a Turn not exceeding 79*059 L was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying the faid cficers, to be difpofed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majefty (hall direft.

i&i	Anno	vic^fimO	fecttndo	Gforgii III. c. 69. [1782,

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for repeating the duties payable for beer and ale above Jut Jhitlings the barrel, exiluftve of the duties of excife y and not exceeding eleven Jhillings the barrel, extlufrve of fuch duties, and jor granting other duties irt lieu thereof \ for granting additional du->	ties	on coaches y and other carriages therein mentioned ; and elfo

additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the faid additional duties on coaches, and on other carriages ; and for the better ft curing the duty upon tec, and otka . duties of excife; and alfo for appointing the number of commijfm-ers of excife who may hear caufes depending before them'relating u

•	the duties-on male fervants.

Moft gracious Sovereign, ,

Preamble. TTT H E R E A S beer or aU above fix Jhillings the barrel\ cxcht-y \ five of the duties of excife, brewed for fale> is by law chargeable with the fame duties that are payable for the flrongejl beer or alt fo brewed for fale; and the brewing of good table beer of moderate jltengtb is thereby dife our aged; and, in order to promote the brewing cf good table beer, It is expedient to proportion the duties payable on J'ufh beer to the quality and real value thereof; may it therefore pieafe your Majefty^ that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafled ' by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the From July 5, fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand 1781, the Hu. fcveft hundred and dghty-tWo, the feveral rates and duties now bet from C payable for beer ot dip dbove fix /hillings the barrel, exciufive 6s. to ns. of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the the barrel, barrel, exciufive of fuch duties, commonly called Table Beer, repealed. which (hall at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wales, (hall cedfe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and in lieu and in ftead thereof there (hall thenceforth be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales,

New duty. For every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exciufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings, exciufive of fuch duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and fo proportionally for 2 greater or letter quantity, the fum of three (hillings, to be paid by fuch common brewer; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

No allowance II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, to be made to from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven blew0™™0” Kindred anc* eighty-two, no allowance (hall be made fo any oHhe dunes common brewer out of the monies, arifing by the duty oi^ on malr, malt, granted by an a & made In the twentieth year of the reign

*	*	^qo	le	of

1782.J Anno vlccfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 68.	103

of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Ma- granted by jtfly additional duties upon malt% and upon low wines and /pints for^h table" made fr home confumption, and upon foreign fpirits imported into bccr.

Great Britain, end upon the produce of the/aid feveral duties; and fr granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all perfons trading ia, vending, or felling coffee, tea, or chocolate ; for any fuch table beer or ale fo brewed by any fuch common brewer as aforefaid, any thing in the (aid flatute to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

III.	And% for preventing of frauds, be it further ena&ed by Table beer the authority aforefaid. That every common brewer who, from made from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred ^a/ll bechare-and eighty-two, (hall brew any fuch table beer above fix (hil- thc offi-lings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven (billings the barrel, cers as ltrong as aforefaid, (hall, and he is hereby dire&ed and required to beer.

brew and make the fame of one entire guile; and no fuch com* moo brewer (hall, on any pretence whatever, be permitted to brew or make any fuch table beer of the quality and price afore*

(aid from any party guile; but all the beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excife, which, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall be brewed or made from any party guile by any common brewer, or other perfcn or perfons who (hall fe/l or tap out the fame publickly or privately, (hall be charged by the officers of excife as (Iroag beer; and the common brewer, or other perfon or perfons, fo felling or tapping out the fame as aforefaid, (hall pay the duties thereof accordingly; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-(landing.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That Brewars of every futh common brewer who (hall vbrew or make any fuch t^fve table beer as aforefaid, whofe brewhoufe or brewhoufes is or sre notice to the fituate m any city or the fuburbs thereof, or in any market officers of town, (hall, at lead four hours before he (hall begin to brew excife pf the ; any fuch table beer as aforefeid* give, or caufe to be given, to ^nd tob-?n the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch common brewer brewing. Sn (hall then be, a notice, in writing, of the particular hour or

time of the day when he intends to begin fuch brewing; and every other common brewer of fuch table beer as aforefaid, whofe brewhoufe or brewhoufes is or are not fituate in any city, or the fuburbs thereof, nor in any market town, (hall, at leaft twelve hours before he (hall begin to brew any fuch table beer as aforefaid, give, or caufe to be given, a like notice in writing; and in cafe fuch brewer (hall not begin to brew, and proceed in that brewing at the hour or time mentioned in fuch notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of the faid hour and time, every fuch notice (hall be null and void, and every fuch brewer (hall be obliged to give a fre(h and like notice before he or (he begins to brew fuch table beer; and in cafe any fuch Penalty on common brewer (hall negle& to give fuch notice, or having default, jivea a notice which (hall bedonte void, (hall negleft to give,a H 4	frah

Digitized by

Google

mix the feve-ral wort« of each guile.

Penalty on default.

104	Anno	vicefimo fccundo Georgii UL c. 68. [1782;

frefli and like notice, or having given fuch notice or notices, ‘ and having begun to brew fuch table beer as aforefaid, (hall negledt or refufe to proceed therein until the whole guile is finilhed, every fuch common brewer offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, refpe&ively forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

Brewer of fuch V. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid,That table beer to every fuch common brewer, fo brewing fuch table beer as aforefaid, (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to Qiix and mingle the feveral worts of each entire guile of all fuch table beer, fo that the whole quantity of each entire guile, whether the fame be in one or more tun or tuns, or other veffels or utenfils, (hall be of one and the fame quality and ftrength; and then, and not fooner, every fuch common brewer of fuch table beer (hall declare (on demand made by the gauger or officer) the quantity and quality of the table beer made by him in that guile or brewing, which declaration (hall be made before any part of any fuch guile or brewing is cleanfed or removed out of his tuns, veffels, or other utenfils; and in cafe any fuch common brewer (hall not fo mix and mingle the feveral worts of fuch table beer in his tuns, veffels, or utenfils, as that the whole quantity of the guile be of one quality and firength as aforefaid, or if fuch common brewer, or his fervant, brewing or making any fuch guile of table beer, (hall refufe to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, the officer of excife (hall, in every fuch cafe, charge and return the whole of fuch guile to be ftrong beer, and fuch common brewer (hall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and (hall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every harrel of fuch table beer contained in fuch guile, the fum of twenty (hillings; and if any fuch common breWer of table beer, or his fervant or fervants, Ihdaring tner a^tcr declaration made as aforefaid, (hall make any increafe quantity and of the faid table beer, fo declared, by any ways or means what-quaiiry of fuch ever, or (hall mix his table beer of one guile pr brewing with peer, Sec. any beer of any other guile or brewing, or with fmall beer, or returned drink, or with water, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; or in cafe fuch officer or officers (hall difeover or find any of the faid table beer or worts of the fame guile laid off, over and above the quantity fo declared as aforefaid, fuch common brewer (hall forfeit and lofe, for every barrel fo increafed or mixed, laid off or found, over and above the quantity fo declared as aforefaid, the fum of five pounds; and the fervant or fervants of fuch common brewer, or other perfon or perfons, and every of them, who was or were any-ways concerned, or aiding or affifting in making any fuch increafe or mixture, after declaration, or in laying off any fuch table beer, or the worts of fuch guile, before fuch declaration made as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every barrel fo increafed, mixed, or laid off, the fum of twenty (hillings; and, in default of payment thereof, (hall fuffer three months imprifonment; unless it (hall appear that fuch increafe or mixture was made by adding to or mixing with the fame any table beer that was left in his'orber

brpwhoufc

Penalty on snaking any afti

Digitized by

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 68.

brcwhoufe of a former guile of bis or her brewing, and unlefs it (hall abb appear, that fuch increafe was made or added in the fight and view of the proper gauger or officer.

VI.	And, to prevent the mixing fuch table beer with any other beer, whether ftrong beer or Jmall, either by the common brewer brewing the fame, after the gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the retailer cj any fuch table beer, after the fame fball have been fold and deliver-eitohim or her, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, if any common brewer, innkeeper, publican, or other retailer of any fuch table beer, (hall mix, or caufe or fuffer to be mixed, in any veflel or meafure, or otherwife howfoever, any fuch table beer with any ftrong beer or ale, or ftrong worts, or with fmall beer, or fmall worts, or with water, after the gauge of fuch table beer (hall have been taken by an officer of excife, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That when any fuch table beer, fo brewed by any fuch common brewer as aforefaid, (hall be cleanfed into any calk or calks

| from the tun or tuns, or other veffels or utenfils, wherein the ! fime (hall have been mixed and mingled, and the length declared as aforefaid, every fuch common brewer, or his fervanr, r (hall forthwith mark each and every fuch calk and calks, into which fuch beer (hall be fo cleanfed, with the capital Roman letter T, of the length of four inches at the lead, to denote that the beer therein contained is fuch table beer as aforefaid; which faid mark (hall be put on the open and mod confpicuous part of each fuch calk or cafks: and if any fuch common brewer of table beer as aforefaid, or his fervant, (hall cleanfe any fuch beer into any calk or calks, and (hall negleCt to mark each and every fuch cafk in manner before directed, the officer or officers of excife, who (hall difeover and find any fuch table beer in any calk or calks, in the polfeflion of any fuch common brewer, without fuch mark as aforefaid, fhall,and he and they are hereby required to charge and return the fame as ftrong beer, and fuch common brewer (hall pay the duties accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That when any fuch common brewer (hall have cleanfed fuch table beer into any cafk or calks in manner herein-before directed, each and every fuch calk and cafks, containing fuch table beer, (hall be kept feparate and apart from all other cafks and barrels of other beer or ale then in the pofleffion of any fuch common brewer, oti pain of forfeiture, for every offence therein, the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,That no common brewer, who (hall brew or make any fuch table beer as aforefaid, (hail knowingly fell or deliver, or permit or fuffer to be fold or delivered, any of the faid table beer, either by the barrel or otherwife, to any other common brewer, or to any trcwiog victualler, or to any exporter of be$r, or tp any perfon

105

Penalty on mixing fuch table beer, after the gauge hath been taken, with any other beer, &c.

Table beer, when cleanfed into cafks, to be marked with the letter Tj

or (hall be charged as ftrong beer.

Such calks to be kept (ep*-rate from all other calks of beer.

Brewers of fuch table beer not fo fell any to other common brewers, &c.

Digitized by

Google

of

ipfii

All the powers,directions, &c. provided by i» Car. *. c. 14. or any other law now in force, relating to the excite upon beer, &c- (hall be applied in execution of thiaatt.

From July 5, 1781, an additional duty of sos. prr ann. (hall be paid for every coach, berlin, or other four-wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches);

and alfo for every twowheeled carriage kept for private ufc.

Anno viceGmo fecundo GeoRgii III. c.68. [*782.

or ptrfons, to and for the ufe or benefit of any fuch other common brewer, brewingvi&ualler, or exporter of beer, oft pain of forfeiting, fdr every fuch offence, the futn of twenty pounds.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an a<5t, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aff for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervite, and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majtfly in lieu thereof \ or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other directions are given and alterations made by this alt), (hall be exercifed, pradtifed, applied, and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and ef-fcdtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredtionsvmethods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadted in the body of this act.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufami feven hundred and eighty-two, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, an additional duty of twenty (hillings per annum for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, ealafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages how are or hereafter may be called or known, that (hall be kept by or for any perfon for his or her own ufe, or to be let out to hire, or that (hall be kept by or for any perfon or perfons as publick ftage coaches, employed in carrying paffengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, (other than and except fuch coaches and otfter carriages as now are or hereafter may be licenfed by the comrairii-oners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches); and alfo for and upon every ealafh, chaife, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or hereafter maybe called or known, to be drawn by one or more horfes, that mall be kept by or for any perfon or perfons for his, her, or their own ufe; which faid additional duty of twenty (hillings^ hereby Impofed upon coaches and other carriages as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, be paid down by the perfon or perfons re* fpeCtively keeping the fame, in like manner, and at the fans# time,, and be railed, levied, coik&ed, and paid, by tbc feme

means

Google

i

17&2.] Anno vlcefimo fccundo Georgii III. c.65.	107.

means and methods, and under the like rules, regulations* directions, and penalties, as the annual duties given and granted by an a<5t, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An oft for granting to bis Majtjiy feveral rates and duties upon coaches and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raifing the fum of one million hj way of lottery, to be charged upon the faid rates and duties, are dire&ed to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid feveral additional duties, herein before granted The ne" da-on coaches and other carriages as aforefaid, (hall be moreover fubjeCt and	liable to the additional duty or	impoft of five pounds fubjeCt to	the

per centtm,	and five pounds per centum,	on the	produce and additional	5

amount thereof refpeCtivcly, in the feme manner, and under the pcrce"1tV fame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per	^eo.* j c.*5?

tom, and of five pounds per eentum9 are granted to his Majefty by and *i Geo. 3. two feveral adts of parliament, (he one, made in the nineteenth c.17. year of his prefent Majefty’s feign, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the ptoduce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive cornmijjioners of the rtftrtn and	excife In Great Britain; the	other,	made in the

twehty-firft	yeaf of his prefent Majefty’s	reign,	intituled, An

oft foe granting to bis Majefty an additional duty upon the produce of the (tvcral duties under the management of the refpeftive commiff oners of the excife in Great Britain.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his From Ja,£ 5» Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for and upon all fope of what i^fnl^dd/" kind fobver which, at any time or times after the faid fifth day tionahduties of Jufc one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-two, (hall be fh*l be paid made within the kingdom of Great Britain over and above all for all fope duties, charges, and impofitidns, by any a Cl or ads of parlia- Britain" vide^ ment thereupon fet and impofed, the feveral additional duties ucct# n* herein after mentioned and eKpreffed; that is to fay.

For and upon all hard cake fope, or ball fope, made in Great Hard cake Britainy an additional duty of three farthings for every pound f°P** ift- P«r weight, confiding of fixteen ounces avoirdupois} and after that Poundi rate for a greater or lefTer quantity :

And for and upon all foft fope made in Great Britainy an ad- f°P*» f<l* ditional duty of one farthing for every pound weight, confiding pci poun4, of fixteen ounces avoirdupois; and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity:

Which faid feveral and rcfpeCtite duties on fope (hall be paid To by the makers thereof rdTpe&ivelyj and the fame (hall be raifed, lcried, collefted, and paid* in the fame manner, and under the like rttlek, and with like drawbacks on fuch Britijb made fope exported, as the former duties on fope made in Great Britain are now raifed, levied* coltedted, paid, and drawn back.

XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by

Google

be paid by makers.



ID’S	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	III.	c.	68.	[1782.

The addition- That the faid additional refpeftive duties, hereby impofed on re^dforaU* 8™$ made fope* (hall be repaid to the perfon or perfons who fuchVope^ufed employ, !pend, or confume any quantity or quantities of in certain ma- fuch fope relpeCfively, in the making of any clothes, ferges, ker-nufa&ures. fees, bays, dockings, or other manufactures of (heep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greateft part of the value of the materials (hall be wool, or in the finifhing the fetid manufactures, or preparing the wool for the fame, or in whitening of new linen in the piece, in order to the fale of fuqh linen; which faid repayment of the faid additional refpeCtive duties (hall be made on the like proofs, and under the fame rules, regulations, oaths, affirmations, pains, and penalties, as in and by an aCt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majefty Queen Anne* Intituled, An at1 for laying additional duties on fope and papery and upon certain linensy filks, calluoes, and Jluffsy and, upon flarcb and exported coals, and upon flampt vellum, parchment, and papery for raifmg one million four hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majefly's J,apply, and for allowances on ex-porting made wares of leathery Jbeep JkinSy and lamb Jkins \ and for diflribution of four thoufand poundsy due to the officers and feamen for gun money; and to adjujl the property of tickets in former lotteries 5 and touching certain Jhares of flock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Mojefly\ is directed and required.

XV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. The addition- That the faid refpeCtive additional duties, hereby impofed on carriapcs,°and coac^cs anc* other carriages, ,and on fope made in Great Britain on fope, (hall as aforefaid, (hall be railed, levied, collected, and paid, in the be levied and fame manner, and under fuch management, penalties, and for-* paid in the feitures, and with fuch powers for recovering the fame, and by asThe^ormtr ^uctl ru*es> waYs> and methods, as the feveral and refpeCtive duties. former duties on coaches and other carriages, and on fope made

in Great Britain refpe.Cfively, are now raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, under the directions of any aCt or aCts of parliament now in force refpeCting the faid duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

Hovrtobeap- That all the monies arifing by the faid additional and other plied.	duties hereby granted and impofed (the neceflary charges of

railing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at tVeflminfler, diftindtly and apart from aU other branches of the ,	publick revenue, and (hall be appropriated and applied in man-

ner following; that is to fay; the fum of two (hillings, part of the faid duty of three (hillings the barrel by this aCt impofed on table beer, (hall be paid, iflued, and applied, to the fame ufes and purpofes, in fuch manner, and under fuch regulation*} as tfic monies arifing by the duties 0q every barrel of fix flulliflgs

Digitized by Google

1782.] Anno vicefimO fecundo GfiORGll III. C. 68.	109

beer or ale, or under, were, by the feveral ftatutes in that cafe made, appropriated unto, and directed to be applied; and the remainder of the faid duties on table beer, together with the additional duties on fope, and on coaches and on other carriages, as aforefaid, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the ufes and * purpofes herein-after mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the au- A book to be ditor of the faid receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which luditor’s all tbe monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and office, in paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate which the mo-and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, nie* ••"ifing his heirs and fuccefiors, upon any account whatfoever 5 and the Sia^be enter-* faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore- C(j,

(aid, except fo much thereof as is herein-before otherwise appropriated, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and Application revenues, as (hall be granted by any aft or afts of this feffion oftbcreo^ parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are direfted to be paid and payable purfuant to ap aft of this prefent leffion of parliament, intituled. An afi for raifing a cer-tain fum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijhing a lottery.

XVIIL And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if, at any time or times, it (hall happen that the produce In cafe the of the feveral duties granted by this aft, together with the fe- produce of the veral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this feffion brthiffl11*" of parliament, for the payment of the feveral annuities of three and other ads, pounds per centum, and ot four pounds per centum, and of feven- (hall prove sateen (hillings and fixpence per centum, in refpeft of thirteen mil- Efficient 10 lions five hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed in purfuance of an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for by thetotteiy rcapng a certain fum of monty by way of annuities, and for eftabli/b- aft of this ing a l$ttery9 (hall not be fufficient to pay and difeharge the feve- felfion, then ral annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per fttC^d*^en,p antum9 and alfo the faid annuity of feventeen (hillings and fix- Applied outof pence per centumy to continue for feventy-eight years, from the tbe finking fifth day of January% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-t wo, fund, Isc. and then to ceafe, together' with the other charges and expences attending the (aid refpeftive annuities, to be fatisfied and paid out of the fame at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment at which the lame are direfted by the faid aft to be paid j then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies which, at any time or times, (hall be or remain in the receipt of tKe exchequer, of the furplafles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenyes, compofing the fund commonly called Tbe Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropiated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the (aid finking fund (hall and may be, from time to time, iffued and applied accordingly: and if, at any time or

times.

Digitized by

Google

no

Montes iflued out of the finking fund, how to be re-placed.

In cafe of a furplus of du-tie?, the fame ihall be referred for the dif-pofition of parliament*

Recital of a i Geo. vc. 55,

Prom Aug. i, 1781, no tea to be removed from any part of this kingdom into

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii JII.c.68. £1782-times, before any monies of the faid fund, to be eftablUhed as

aforefaid, (hall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there ihall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities as aforefaid, which (hall be aftually incurred and growp due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted fhajl and may be fupplied out of the monies of the finking fund, (except as before excepted), and be iflued accordingly.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whatever monies (hail be iflued out of the faid finking fund (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be ?ny furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid fund, after the (aid feveral and refpeftive annuities, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofi-tion of parliament, and (hall not be iflued but by the authority of parliament, and as (hall be directed by future aft or a&s of parliament; any thing in any former or other aft or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	And whereas by an aft* mode in the lajl feffion of parlia-inent9 intituled, An aft for repealing the duties payable upon •chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more efFeftual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties •under the management of the commiflioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punftual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for rectifying a miftake in an aft made in this prefent feflion of parliament, with refjpe<it to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impofed by the faid aft; it was, amongfi other things, enabled. That, for the preventing of fmuggled tea being conveyed from the fea coafls of this kingdom in 0 the flocks of dealer? in tea, no tea exceeding the quantity of fix potent h weight fhould at any time, firue as therein is after mentioned, be n -, moved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being within ti e limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excife j « London, to any place within the faid limits: and whereas the fuj ^ firing tea to be brought from the country into London in quantiei t not exceeding fix pounds weight, bath in a great meafure defeated ti i good tffefts propofed by the faid recited aft, and great quantities / fmuggled tea have thereby been received, into the (loch of fraudulti tea dealers, living within the limits aforefaid-, now, for the mo effectually preventing fuch evil praftices, be it enafted by ti authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft jfugtef one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, no tea whatev* (hall at any time (fave as herein-after is mentioned) be remove or carried from.any part of this kingdom, not being,within tt limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office

y Google	**C1

j 17S2.J Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. C. 68,

cxcife in London, to any place within the faid limits; and if any tea whatever (hall be found fo removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, ^fave as hereinafter is mentioned), the fame together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing fuch tea, and the veffels and boats, and the horfes, and other cattle and carriages, employed in removing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feizedby any officer or officers of excife; anything in the faid recited a<ft to the contrary thereof notwithftanding,

XXII.	And whereas by the faid recited aft it was further enaft-td, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight (fave cs therein is excepted), at any one time, direfted to one and the fame perfon, or perfons where there are two or more in joint trade or part-r.trfhip, jhtufd be removed or carried from any cttyx town, parifh, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforefaid, to any ciber place out 0} the limits aforefaid, not within the faid city, town* farijh, Or place, from which the fame jhail be fo removed or carried; end it was by the fame aft provided, that nothing therein contained jhsuld be conjlrued to prevent any dealer in any Juch city, town, pa-tijb, or place, from taking out two or more permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more packages of forty pounds each to the fame f erf on in the fame day, in manner therein dir eft td and provided: end whereas the permitting tea to be fent from places not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of ex-dfe in London, in fo large quantities as forty pounds weight, has bun much abufed by fraudulent dealers in tea, and very confidtrabU quantities of Jmuggled tea have thereby been received by fuch dealers, from the coafis of this kingdom, to the manifejl diminution of the re-•jtnut, and to the injury of the fair trader: now, for obviating fuch frauds, he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augvfl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, no tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being in the original cheft in which the fame tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and then continuing in the fame date in which it was fo imported) at any one time, directed to one and the fame per-fon, or perfons where there are two or more in joint trade or' partnership, (hall be removed or carried from any city, town, parifh, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforefaid, to any other place out of the limits aforefaid, not within the faid city, town, parifh, or place, from which the feme (hall be fo removed or carried; and if any tea exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, direfted to one and the fame perfon, or perfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnerfhip, (and not being in the original cheft as aforefaid), (hall be found fo removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the feme, together with the canifters, bags, and other package con* taming the fame, and the veflels and boats, and the horfes and ether cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the

fame,

in

the weekly bill* of mortality, (except as hereafter mentioned}; on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Other part of the faid aft recited*

From Aug. r, 178a, no tea exceeding 10 pounds weight (not being in the cheft in which it was imported), (hall be removed out of any city, Sec. not within the bills of mortality.

on penalty of forfeiture.

Digitized by

Google

na	Anno	vlccfimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 68. [178a.

fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife j any thing in the faid ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Several pidc- XXIII. Provided always, and be it enaAed, That nothing ages of 20 herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any dealer in tea, P°,M1be f***1 *n	town> Pari^ or P*acc as aforefaid, from tafc-

the^fame^day. *ng out two or morc	and	by	virtue	thereof	fending	two

or more packages of tea, of twenty pounds each, to the (ame perfon in the fame day, fo as the faid packages (hall not contain more than twenty pounds each, and (hall be fent under different permits, and by different conveyances.

Tea removed XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaAed, That no-acwffing to thing herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent dealers in beretmw^ tca» w^° have recc*vc^ ^nt0 lbeir refpcAive (locks any tea removed according to the directions of this.aA, and accompanied with an authentick permit or certificate, from returning the fame for the like caufe, and in manner and form, as in and by the faid recited a A is mentioned and direAed.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefiid, Provifions of That all the authorities, powers, provifions, rules, regulations, the recited anj direAions, by the faid recited aA prefcribed and given, and rafflyre*" not hereby exprelsly taken away or altered, (hall continue and pealed) to re- he exerciied, ufed, and applied, as they might have been if jnain in force, this aA had not been made.

XXVI.	And whereas by the feveral fiatutes relating to the inland duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, it is directed, that permits or certificates Jhould be granted, by the officers of excife, to accompany excifeable commodities removing from one part of this kingdom to another part thereof \ and certain forms of fiub permits have, from time to time, been prepared for that purpofe, by the direction and appointment of the faid commiffioners, with certain Jiamps and marks imprejfed thereon: and whereas great frauds are daily committed by evil-minded perfons, who forge or counterfeit fucb permits or certificates or who knowingly give or grant falfe and untrue permits or certificates, or who alter or erafe permits or certifr

Penalty on cates, after the fame have been delivered by the proper officers: for pcrfonscouo- remedy whereof, be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Thar, f^rmitfor*ny ^rom an<* a^cr	day Jub* onc thoufand feven hun-

removal of dred and eighty-two, if any per Ion or perfons whatfoever (hall excifeable counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, an) food* 1 permit or certificate, for the removal of any excifeable com* modity from one part of this kingdom to any other part there* of, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by an] aA or aAs of parliament now in force required; or if any per' fon or perfons (hall knowingly or willingly give or grant an] falfe or untrue permit or certificate, or (hall knowingly or wil< lingly accept or receive any falfe or untrue permit or certificate^ to accompany any fuch excifeable commodity to be removed ai aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently alter 01 erafe any permit or certificate after the fame (hall have beet given or granted by the proper officer of cxdfc $ or if any pen

£01

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1782.] Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 68.	113

fon or pcrfons (hall knowingly or willingly publifh or make ufe °r who (hall of any fuch permit or certificate fo counterfeited, forged, falfe, kubhtlToi^u untrue, altered, or erafed ; every perfon fo offending (hall, for £“y fuch pcr. each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofc the fum of two mit. hundred pounds; which forfeiture (ball and may be profe-cated in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmihjlcr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, one moiety whereof to be tohisMajefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other inoiety to him or them who will fue for, profecute, and recover the fame; wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and every fuch permit or certificate, fo counterfeited, forged, erafed, or altered, (hall be invalid, and of no effeft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the penalties and forfeitures impofed by this aft, or to be Penalties and incurred by virtue thereof, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, forfeitures or mitigated, bv fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine,	7"

penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by applied.^ any law or laws of excife, (not otherwife directed by this aft), or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record Wejlminjler, or in the court of ex-diequer in Scotland; one moiety whereof (hall be to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him who (hall difeover and fue for the fame.

•XXVIil. And whereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament, made Recital of a in the lajl feffton of parliamenty intituled, An aft for the better ma- claufe in »i nagement and colleftion of the duties upon male fervants, Geo- 3* c* 3»* granted by an aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, it is enaftedy That all profccuticns for the re-(every of the duties upon male Jervants, and aljo for all forfeitures end offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the (kief office of excife in London, /ball be heard\ adjudged, and deter-medy by the commijfioners of excife, or the major part of them : end whereas the buftnefs of the faid office cannot be executed with the ike iifpattby eefe and convenience to the parties concerned therein, as mifht be done in cafe the faid projections were to be heardy adjudged, end determined by a lefs number of the commiffioners of the Jaid duties for the time being than a majority of themy as is now done in all other tofts within the jurifdiftion and limits of the faid thief office of ex-aft: beittnafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and From July *5, after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred *782, all pro-tnd eighty-two, all fuch profecutions as aforefaid which, be-fore the faid twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- a<^ niay ^ dred and eighty-two, fhaJJ not be heard, adjudged, end deter- determined by mined, but (hall then, or at any time after, be depending at any three of the (aid chief office, (hall and may be heard, adjudged, and de-termined, by any three or more of fuch commiflioners for the * 1 time being; and that it fhall be fufficient, in the written account or record of fuch proceedings, to mention that fuch pro-ftostions are made and exhibited to and before three of fuch comimflioner*, without particularly mentioning or exprefling Vol. XXXIV.	I	the

•j

Digitized by Google

114	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo	Georgii 111. c. 69. [178a.

the chriftian and furname of fuch three commiffioners for the time being; and that every fuch adjudication and determination of fuch three or more of fuch commiffioners for the time being (hall, and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the law, and of the fame force and cffeft, to all intents and purpofcs whatsoever, as if fuch adjudication and determination had beeta by all, or by the majority of fuch commiffioners for the time being ; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any-wife notwith-(landing.

This aft not XXIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That *°v»crso? thC not^‘n8 In 1^IS a& contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to wdfe officers. cxlcnc*» t0 ta^c away or leflen any of the powers or authorities a heretofore given to the officers of excife, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relative to the laid ' duties.

XXX.	# And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

Penalty on That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall aflault, refill, affaultmg or oppofe, moleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife, or cifeofficera "in ^or 'n^anc* duties, in the due execution of the powers or au-executing this thorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers by this a<5t, aft.	every perfon or perfons fo doing, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every

fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XXXI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Limitation of aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or aftions. times, be fued or profecuted for any aft or thing by him or them

done or executed by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aft or afts of parliament relating to the duties of excife, or inland duties, fuch aftion or profecution (hall be commenced within the fpace of three months next after the aft or thing done, and which (hall be fued in the proper county; and fuck General iflue. perfon or perfons (hall and may plead tne general iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aftion or fuit (hall difeontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judge-• ment (hall be given againft him or'them, on demurrer or other-Trcblccofts. wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble colls to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs*

C A P. LXIX.

An aft for compelling J[ohn Whitehill efquire to return into this king*

dom; and for reftraming him, in cafe of his return, from going out this kingdom for a limited time; and for difeovering bit eftate aod cf* fefts, and preventing the tranfporting or alienating of the fame.

If John Whitehill efquire, heretofore governor and prefident of the ficttle-ment of Fort Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandel in the Eaft Indus* and alfo heretofore member of the council and of the feieft committee of the fettlement aforefaid, (hall within forty-two days after three notices m the London Gazette, return into this kingdom, he (hall enter into reca.p* nizance not to leave the fame before Feb*^i, 17S3, in the penalty si 50,0001. for himfelf, and *0,000 1. for bis furttics, with tondkion that if

’	*	'	J»c

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anncr vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 69.

he (ball not depart out of thjs kingdom before the ift of February 1783, the faid recognizance to be void: for taking, entering and inrolling of wjlich only 10 s. to be taken, betides* the itamp-duly. In cafe he neglect to Otter foto fuch recognizance, barons of the exchequer may commit him tq the Fleet; and if he leave the kingdom before Feb i, 1783, be, and his ajfiftants therein, (hall forfeit their eliate3 both real and personal. Johb Whitehill efq; lhall, within thirty days after his return into the kingdom, deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of hie lands, tenements, goods, Sec. in Europe, the Eaft Indies, China, or cite* where, whereof he wae ferzed or poflViled Apiil 1,1781, (except his wearing apparel, and that of hit wife and children, the furniture of his houfe, and flock on his farm). Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of • he particulars to the fpeaker of the houfe of lords, and the other to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. If the particulars (hall app?ar evafive or unfa-titfaftory, Sec. the barons of the exchequer are to examine the perfon delivering the fame, upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any fummons from th^ faid barons, they may iflue their Warrant for ap-prehen ding the defaulter ; who, on refuting to be examined, Sec. fliall be committed. Perrons detaining any part of the property of John Whke-hfflefq; or aMfe to give information concerning the fame, and w‘o (hall refute to come before the faid barons, Sec. when lawfully fummoned, (hall be committed. Johta Whitehill efq; difabled from aliening or incumbering his real eft ate, until Feb. 1,1783; and alfo from aligning his perfonal eftate, except for the fubliftence of himfelf and family, or for paying hit debts contracted before April 19, 1782, and except perifhable goods, and fofficient to indemnify his furetics,. Exception of 10,000 i. to make a pro-vifion for children, in cafe of marriage, which provision not to be affefted by fuch recognizance. This aft not to difable John Whitehill efq; from dhpoGhg of hu eftate or effefts, in cafe he (hall die before Feb. 1, 1783, Scc. ftibjcft to the juftice and difpofition of parliament, nor from tranf-fsrring any mortgage-aflfefttog his eftate April 29, 1782, for fecuring mo. nqr boon fide before doe, fo as no further fum be advanced after. If John Whitehill efq; fhall, before Feb, 1, 1783, convey any of his mohies or eftefts out of the realm, (except as is excepted), he, and his aiders therein, (hall be punifhed as felons, and fufFer death Penalty on perfons who fliall conceal any eftate belonging to John Whitehill efqj to forfeit treble value, one moiety to his Majefty, and the other to the informer, to be recovered by a&ion, Sec. with colts, and to fufFer imprifonment for one wboleyear, without bail. Allowance to be made to perfons making difeovery of any eftate or effects concealed; 201. per cent, for effefts beyond tea, and 101. per cent, if in the kingdom; to be paid out of the net produce. Eaft India company to fend an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the fupreme court of. judicature in Bengal, See. Allowance to perfons making difeovery of concealed eftates or effefts in India; 201. per cent, out of the net produce, and the governor general and coundl of Bengal, and the governor and council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, refpeftively, to fue for and recover the fame in (be name of the Eaft India company. Perfons in India who (hall fecrete any eftate, real or perfonal, after fix months from the time of entering the particulars of his eftate upon record, to foifcit trtble the value, one moiety to the Eaft India company, and the other to h»m that will fue; to be-recovered by action’ Sic. with colts; and if the offender be a Britifb fubjeft to foffer imprifonment at the dilcretion of the court*, but not above one year. Forfeited eftates, See. to be paid into the exchequer. In cafe John Whitehill efq; fliall not, within twenty days alter the expiration of the forty-two days befofe mentioned, return into this kingdom, all his eftates, both real and perfonal, fliall be forfeited to his Majcfty. To be a pubbek aft.	.	\ * *

12	CAP,

1

Digitized by i^ooQie

ii 6

Anno vicelimo fccundo GeoKGII III. C. 70. [1781.

Preamble. Recital of 4Geo*3.c.s4.

Commander in chief, and his fecretary, impowered to fend and receive letters free from poftage.

The faid commander to appoint two perfons to in-dorfe publick letters Cent from his of* fice.

CAP. LXX.

An all to enable the commander in chief of his Majefty's farces, and the fecretary to the commander in coief of his Majefty's forces% to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty ofpoftage.

WHEREAS by an a&% made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty * (intituled, An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving ot letters and packets free from the duty of poftage), it is enafted, That from and after the firjl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyfour, fo long as the revenue arifing in the general letter-office, or poft office, or office of poftmafter general^ Jhall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund% no letters or packets font by the pojl, to or from any place whatfoever, Jhall be exempted from paying the duty of pojlage, except fuch letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of poftage is not, by the faid aft* extended to the commander in chief of bis Majtjly's forces, or to the fecretary to the commander in chief of bis Majefty's forces for the time being, who, by virtue of their refpellivt offices and employment s9 necejfarily fend and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of theft kingdoms; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the patting of this aft, the laid commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces, and the fecretary to the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces for the time being, (hall and may fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner, and under fuch reftriftions, as other officers mentioned in the faid aft are thereby permitted, in refpeft of their offices, to fend and receive the fame, in pursuance of the faid aft.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commander in chief for the time being to authorize and direft certain perfons, not exceeding two in number, in his office or department, (a lift of whofe names (hall be, from time to time, tranfmitted by him to the general poft-office in London), to make and fub-feribe an indorfement upon letters and packets, to be fent by the poft from his office, which (hall concern the publick bufi-nefs of his office or department, fignifying that fuch letters and packets are upon his Majefty’s fervice \ which letters and packets, being fo fubferibed, and being fealed with the feal of the commander in chief for the time being, or his fecretary, (hall and may be fent and conveyed by the poft, free from tne duty of poftage.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That

Digitized by LjOOQle

1782.] Anno vlccfimo fecundo Georgii ITI. c. 71.	117

That if any perfon, authorized to make and fubfcribe fuch in- Penalty on

dorfemcnt, (hall knowingly make the fame, or procure the fame

to be made, upon any letter or packet which does not really doeTnot con-

concern the bufinefs of the faid office or department of com- ccm the faid

mander in chief, fuch perfon (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit office.

and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in

fuch manner as by the aft of the ninth year of the reign of queen

Anne, for eftabliming a general poft-office, is direfted with re-

fpect to the penalties innifted by the faid aft 5 and for the fe-

coad offence (hall be difmiffed from his office.

CAP. LXXI.

An oft more effectually to prevent bis Majeffs enemies from being fupplied with Jbips or vejfels from Great Britain.

'ITT HE REAS there is great reafon to apprehend that his Preamble.

V V Majejlfs enemies may endeavour, by purchafing in the name if the fubjefls of neutral fates, or by other indirect means and eon-trhances, to obtain the Jbips of bis Majejifs fubjefls, as well for the pvrpofe of bojltlity agatnjl bis Majefty % as for carrying on their own trade end commerce, whereby the public* fervtce, and the trade and commerce if this country, may be greatly injured $ for preventing thereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, inthisprefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of July, one thou- From July to, hod feven hundred and eighty-two, it (hall not be lawful for po per-any of his Majefty’s fubiefts (without licences from his Majefty [^n^e^^aU in council firft obtained), direftiy or indireftly, to fell or other- f^ftny ihip wife difpofe of, or to contraft or agree to fell or otherwife dif- to any7fubjeft pofe of, any (hip or (hips, or veffel or veffels, to any fubjeft or of a neutral fabje&s of any neutral ftate, or to any perfon or perfons refid- ftatc» &c# ing in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any fuch fub-jed or fubjefts of any neutral ftate, or for fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, under any pretence, or in any manner whatfoever; and if any fuch fale, difpofition, contraft, or agree- All fuch con-ment, (hall be made, it (hall be null and void to and for all in- trad* to be tents and pippofes whatfoever; and the (hip or (hips, or veffel ™.,d> thc or veffels, fo fold and difpofed of, or agreed to be fold or dif- forfeited.’ poled of, with the guns, ammunition, (lores, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to fuch (hip or (hips, or veffel or veflels, belonging, (hall be forfeited to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflbrs, and the perfon or perfons offending herein (hall over aod above forfeit the value of fuch (hip or (hips, or veffel or vefiels; and all fuch (hips or veffels, of which any fale or dif-pofition, or agreement for fale or difpofition, (hall be made contrary to this aft, (hall be feizable, if in any port, by or by order of the colltftor, comptroller, or other principal officer of

13	the

y"

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Ship! fold be* fore July 10,

178a, and re-, training in port, fuch Tales fliall be void*

Matter, or owner, of every (hip, &c. (ailing to any foreign port, to give bond to his Majcfty that the fame (hall not be fold contrary to this aft.

In cafe any

ihip, after giving fuch bond, (hall be fold to any of his Ma> jelly’s lub-jefts, a new bond (hall be given.

Anno viceGmo fecundp Geqrgii III. c. 71. [1782.

the cuftoms in fuch port; or if at fea, then by the commander of any of his Majefty’s Clips or veflels of war, or of any veffel ; employed in the fervice of his Majefty’s revenue.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That if, before the faid tenth day of July% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, any fliip or veffel belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjecds (hall have been fold, or have been contracted to be fold, to any fub-ject or fubjc&s of any neutral date, or to any perfon or perfons refiding in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any fuch fubjed or fubjects of any neutral date, or for fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, and (hall, at any time after the paffing of this act, be in any port or harbour within Great Britain, then every fuch fale, or contract for fale, (hall be null and void.

III. And be it further enaded. That, from and after the tenth day of July, onerhoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, before any (hip or veffel belonging to his Majefty’s fubjeds (hall be permuted or allowed to fail or depart from any port or harbour of Great Britain* bound to any foreign port or place, a bond (hall be given to liis Majefty by the mader or one of the owners, with two fufficicnt Sureties, to be approved of by the colledor, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port or place from whence fuch fliip or veffel is intended to (ail, in double the value of fuch (hip or veffel, and of the guns, ammunition, dares, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to flich (hip or veffel belonging, upon coodition that the fame fliip or veffel (hall not, during the continuance of this ad, directly or indiredly, be fold or difpofed of, or contraded or agreed to be fold or difpofed of, contrary to this act; and the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Msyefty’s cudoms (hall, upon taking fuch bond, give a certificate under his hand* without ahy fee or reward for the fame, that Aich bond hath been given to his Majefty.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any (hip or veffcJ, after bond given in purfqanceof this a&, (hall be fold or difpofed of to any of his Majefty’s natural-born fubje&s, refidept within this realm, or in any of his Majedy’s dominions, it (hall be lawful for the colledor, comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majedy’s cudoms at the port or place at which fuch bond was given, or at any other port or place in Great Britain, upon application to be made to him or them ia that behalf, and upon production of the certificate herein-before directed, to uke from the mader, or one of the owners, and two fufficient fureties, to be approved of by fuch collector, comptroller, or other principal officer, another bond to his Majefty, in the (ame penalty, and with the like condition, as the bond befoae given in refpc^l of fuch (hip or vefiel; and from thenceforth fuch former bond, in cafe there (hall not have happened any breach in the condition thereof, (ball be null and void, to all intents and purpofes; and rhis provifiott for taking of a new bond (hall operate and have effect as often as there (hall be any new fale of any fuch (hip or veffel.

V.	Provided

Digitized by

Google

1782/I Anno ricefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 72,73.	119

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That all bonds, The bonds to to be taken purfuant to this ad, (hall be provided at the ex- **

pence of his Majefty, and (hall not be chargeable with any of cx*’ the duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law pence, or ftatute to the contrary in any-wrfe notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That every broker, agent, or Penalty on

other perfon negotiating or trailfading any fale, contrad, or ®*king any agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, to this" (hall forfeit and pay the (um of one thoufand pounds*	ad/

VII.	And be it further enaded. That all the pecuniary pe- penalties and nalties and forfeitures, which (hall be incurred under this ad, forfeitures (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or bow to be re-information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft- cov^fin<* master, or in the court nf exchequer in Scotland refpedively, in *pp # which noeflbin, privilege, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more

than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and one moiety thereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceuors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of bin), her, or them, who Audi foe for the fame,

VIII.	And be k further enaded. That if any perfon or per- Perfons fued fons (hall be fued or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in executing in purfaance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the thelae-general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evi- {Jeraliffue, * dence in his, her, or their defence or defences 5 and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or

the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to and recover him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs. trcble cofts*

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, Thjt this Continuance ad (hall only continue in force uhtil the end of one month from of this ad. the firft day of the feflion of parliament which (hall next enfae

after the patting of this ad.

CAP. LXXII.

*

All ad for continuing to much of an ad of the (ixth year of his prefent Msjefty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets.

( Geo. 3. c. ?8. recited, and further continued until June 14, 17S8, and to the end of the then next felHon of parliament.

CAP. LXXII I.

In aH to explain an ail made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secondf, (intituled, An ad for prohibiting the planting, fetting, or lowing of tobacco in England or Ireland), and to permit the ufe and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain reftriftion 's.

Whereas by an ail, made in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble. of King Charles the Second, for prohibiting the planting, Reckai of an I 4	fetting,	aa	l%	Cai*

Digitized by Google

5 Q^An. c. 8.

The rcc'ted aft, See. ex-tended to Scotland.

Tobacco, the growth of Scotland, to be entered, See. before Aug. ao, 178a.

Such tobacco not to be re-

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III, c.73. [1782.

fetting, or fowir.g of tobacco in England, the fetting, planting, or improving to grow, making or luring tobacco, either in feed, plant, or other wife, within the kingdom */* England, dominion of Wales, ^Guernfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, is prohibited; and the faid ofl has, by feveral fubfequent alls, been explained and enforced: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid prohibition is extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by an alt made in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefly §>ueen Anne, {intituled, An aft for an union of the two kingdoms Of England and Scotland): now, for obviating fuch doubts for the future, may it pleafe your Majefly that it may be enaft-ed ; and be it enafted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other aft or afts which hath fince paffed for prohibiting the culture of tobacco in England, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in any former aft or afts contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

II. And whereas it is reafonable to permit, for a limited time, under certain rejlriliions, the ufe and confumption of fuch tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have been planted before the pafflng of this alt, and be now growing there, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, having in his, her, or their cuflody or pofleflion, any tobacco of the growth or production of Scotland, (hall, before the twentieth day of Augujl, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-two, give or fend notice in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, to the collector and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the cuftom-houfe in Scotland neareft to the place where fuch tobacco (hall be lodged, a jut and true account upon oath (tohich oath fuch collector and comptroller of the cuftoms are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) of the quantity of fuch tobacco that fuch perfon or perfons (hall then have in his, her, or their cuflody or pofleflion; and at the fame time (hall enter with and pay to fuch collector and comptroller the like duties for fuch tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the importatidn of tobacco of the growth and produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America \ and the like account (hall in like manner be given or fent, and the like duties paid, for all tobacco that (hall have been planted before the palling of this aft, and may be now growing in Scotland; which laft mentioned account (hall be fent, and the duties paid, within three calendar months after fuch tobacco (hall be gathered, on forfeiture of all fuch tobacco as (hall be found unentered after the refpeftive times herein-before limited.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afort-faid, That fuch tobacco (hall not be carried or removed from

Scotland,

Digitized by CjOOQle

1782.] Anno viccfuno fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 73*	iafi

Jutland, into any part of England, by land carriage, upon the moved into forfeiture thereof, together with the horfes, cattle, and carri- England by ages, made ufc of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the&me.	^ *

IV- And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-hid, That it (hall and. may be lawful for the proprietor or pro- but may by prictors of fuch tobacco to remove the fame, coaftwife by water, water, under, into any port in.England, from the port where fuch tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any time before the twentieth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, in hogfheads or calks, each of which (hall not contain Ids than four hundred and fifty pounds weight of fuch tobacco ; and before fuch tobacco (hall be laden on board any (hip or vef-fel for that purpofe, the hogfheads or calks (hall be marked on the outfide with the words Scots Tobacco, in letters not lefs than three inches in length, with ink or fome other durable liquor j and the net weight of fuch tobacco, and the care of the calks,

(hall be alfo marked, with fuch ink or liquor, on the outfides of fuch hogiheads or calks, and a certificate (hall be granted, by the colledor and comptroller of the cuftoms at fuch port, to the mailer of the (hip or vefiel on board which fuch tobacco lhall be laden, to accompany the fame; which certificate (hall cxprcfs the weight of fuch'tobacco, with the marks upon the cafks, the name of the (hip or vefiel, the name of the perfon or perfons by whom the duty was paid, and the time when, and the port in England to which, fuch tobacco is intended to be carried; and fuch tobacco (hall alfo be liable to the like coaft Securities, fufferanccs, cocquets, and other reftridions, not altered by this ad, as are required by law for tobacco of the growth, produdion, or manufadure, of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, carried coaftwife in Great Britain; and if fuch tobacco (hall be removed, or found removing, withbut being marked as before direded, or without fuch fufferance, cocquet, or certificate, or (hall not agree therewith, fuch tobacco (hall be forfeited.

V. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall take any Penalty oa faife oath, or (hall counterfeit, forge, erafe, or in any wife alter counterfeiting any certificate required by this ad, or (hall caufe or procure cJ^^tes. fuch certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erafed, or altered in any refped, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall fue and profecute for the fame; and fuch penalty (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general in England, or lord advocate for Scotland, or in the name of any officer or officers of the cuftoms in any court of record in England, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively, where fuch offence (hall be committed or difeo-wcd.

VI.	And

Digitized by Google

1*2

Ail to-bacco not duty entered, or removed contrary to this aft, with the cattle, &c* (nail be fcw-fcited.

Duty to be paid without any difeount.

Application

tneieof.

No drawback

on exporta* tion.

Preamble.

Anno vicellmo fecundo GfcoRGii III. c.74^5. [1782

VI.	Aod i* is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-laid. That all fuch tobacco as (hall not be entered, and fbi which the.duties (hall not he paid* purfuantto the dire&ions ol this aft, or which (hall be removed, or found removing, in anj refpeft contrary thereto, together with the horfes, cattle, and carriages, made ufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of the fame, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and profeouted, recovered, and difpofedof in the fame manner, and by fuch ways and- means, as othei forfeited tobaceb, horfes, cattle, and carriages, may be fetzed^ pro&cutod, recovered, and difpofed of, by any aft or ads 6 parliament in force in Great Britain.

VII.	And k is hereby further enafted by the authority aforei faid, That the faid duty herein'before granted ffiall be pak down kl ready money without any difcount or allowance what (never, and (hall be under the management and direction ft tto cornmiffioners of the cu(focus in Scotland, and their officers, an (hall be remitted to, and paid into, the receipt of his Majefty exchequer, by'the receiver-general of the cuftoms in Englaii diftinft and apart from all other monks which fuch receivd general Ikail receive for the ufe of his Mqjefty* his heirs or fuc ceffors; and (haU be appropriated and applied to the fame ufa and purpofes as the duties payable upon the importation of to bacco of the growth or prpduft of the Brhtr/b colonies or plan tarions in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII.	And it is hereby farther enafted by the authority afok faid. That no part of the faid duty, granted by this aft, (ha be repaid or allowed upon the exportation of fuch tobacco frofl any part of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft fdr enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings of con miffionets, or other perfons for putting in execution certain aft* of tB feftfon ft parliament.

Any aft p ailed during the prefent fefiion, the coramiffionertt Scc. form cuting whereof (hall not have met as therein direfted, may meet, &c. i any day within a fortnight after the end of *thi» fefiion.

CAP- LXXV.

An aft to prevent the granting in future any patent office to te m died in any colony or plantation new, or at any time hereafter, i longing to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer term tk during fitch time as the grantee thereof, or perfon appointed tier to, fliatt difeharge the duty thereof in perfon, and behave id therein.

WHEREAS the practice of granting offices in bis Mojtf colonies and plantations in America, and the Weft Ind« to perfons refident and intending to refede in Great Britain, (in U fequence whereof fuch officers are exercifei by deputy, and have hi i	frtqm

Digitized by VjOOQlC

1782.] Anno vicedmo fecund© Georgii ILL c. 7	123

frequently farmed out to the bejl bidder), has been long complained of os a grievance by bis Majcfly's loyal jukjeBs in tbofe parity who have been thereby expofcd to exactions and opprejjionty as well as to incon-\enienus arifingfrom neglxft of dotty; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this patent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of die fame. That from Grantingpa-henceforth np office to be exercifed in any colony or plantation **nt to no*, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, (hall be granted or guntable by patent for any longer nie«, reftria-term than during fuch time as the grantee thereof, or perfon cd. appointed thereto, (hall difeharge the duty thereof in perfon, and behave well therein.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That Governor and if any perfon or perfbns holding fuch office, (hail be wilfully ab- council may Jem from the colony or plantation wherein the fame is or.ought !mo?e o®6®? to be exercifed, without a reafonaWe caufe to be allowed by the governor and council for the time being of fuch colony or plantation, or (hall Reeled* the duty of fuch office, or otherwife miibehave therein, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch governor and council to amove fuch perfon or perfons from

every or any fuch office: and in cate any perfon or perfons fo amoved (hail think him tel f aggrieved thereby, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other cates of appeal from fuch colony or plantation, whereon fuch amotion (hall be finally judged of and determined by his Majefty in council.

III.	Provided always. That it (hall be lawful for the governor and may grant and council of any colony or plantation to give fuch leave of ab- *cavc °* tence as they (hall tee occafion 5 and in fuch cafe, as likewife in lcncc*

the cafe of vacancy occafioned by death or amotion, to provide for the due difeharge of the duties of fuch office or offices until the King’s pleasure (ball be known.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ope- Subfiftlng

rate to the prejudice of any fubfifting grant of fuch office or grant* not to offices, or to prevent any office being granted determinable at °c prejudiced picafurc. ^	*	by thuaft.

CAP. I/XXVI.

An a& for enabling bis. Majefty to raiCe the ftun of one million, for the life* and perpofes therein mentioned.

Credit of Toon granted to hi* Majefty for 1,000,0001. Treafury may raife the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is preienbed by the bod tax act f tnis feflion, concerning loans, Sec. Tbe claufes, Sec. in the (aid a£t relating to loans, or exchequer bills, (except fuch claults as charge the fame on the taxes granted by the faid a&, or limit tbe rate of intereft) txtenhUd to the loams, See. to be made in puriuance of this a&. Principal fed uKcreft, with charges, to be paid out of the next fupplie*, and if fuf-iciemt fuppltes be not granted before July 5, 1783, then to be paid out of the finking fund; and the monies lo ifliied to be replaced out of the firft fapplies. The bank impo*ered to advance, on the laid credit of loan, uiy (urn net exceeding r>000,0001,

CAP.

Google

124	AnnoVicefimo	fecundo	Georgii	III,	C.77.	[1782.

CAP. LXXVII.

An ail to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement be-tween the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of Lon-dofty governors of the poJfejfionSy revenues, and goods, of the hofpi-tals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Chrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apoftle, and of the bofpitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The Houfe of the Poor, in Weft Smithfield, near London, and of the houfe and bofpital called Bethelem, and the prefidents, treafurersy and ailing governors, of the faid feveral bofpitals.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS divers difputes and differences have arifen be-V V tween the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the pofj'efjlons, revenues, and gooisy of toe bofpitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Chrift, Bride, well, and Saint Thomas the Apoftle, and of the bofpitals of Henry the Eighthy King England, called The Houfe of the Poor, in Weft Smithfield, near London, and of the houfe and bofpital tailed Bethelem, and theprefidents, treafurersy and ailing governors, of the faid feveral hofpitahy touching their refpeilive rigbtSy powers and privtlegesy in the orderingy managementy government and iifpo-fttion of the faid hofpitahy and the ejlateSy poffeffxonSy and revenues thereof: and whereas feveral perfonSy deputed by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, have had feveral meetings with perfons deputed by the faid prefidentSy treafurerSy and ailing governorSy for the purpofe of fettling and terminating the feveral matters in difpute between them; and in confequence of /tub meetings, and of the refolutions of a court of common council of the city of London, and alfo of general courts held for the faid refpeiltvt hofpitahy the faid mayor and commonalty and citizenSy and the foil prefidentSy treafurerSy and ailing governorSy have refpeHively entered into and executed an agreement in the wordty or to the purport and ejfeil following; (that is to fay)%

Articles of agreement.

ARTICLES of AG REE ME NT madey concludedy and agreed upony between the mayor, and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the poJfejfionSy revenues, and goodsy of the bofpitals ^Edward King */* England the Sixthy of Chrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apoftle, by virtue of an order cr refolution of a court of common councily bolden the thirtieth day if May, in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-two, of the one part; and the right honourable Thomas Harley alderman of London prefidenty and John Darker efquirt treafurery of Saint Bartholomew's Hofpital; Robert Alfop ejquire alderman of London prefidenty and Thomas Burfoot ejquire treafurery of Chrift’s Hofpital 5 Richard Clark efquire alderman of London treafurer of Bridewell and Bethelem Hofpitals; Samuel Plumbe efquire alderman of London prefidenty and Edward Jefferies efquire treafurery of Saint Thomas’s

Hof-

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 77.

Hofpital j and the feveral other perfons now a fling as governors of the faii feveral bofpitals refpeflively, whoy in behalf of them-fives and others a fling as governors as aforefaid% have hereunto fet tbeir bands and fools* by virtue of certain orders made at feveral general courts of the faii bofpitals refpeflively* videlicet, of Saint Bartholomew’s Hofpital the twelfth day of June, of Chrift’s Hofpital the thirteenth day of June, of Bridewell and Bethelem Hofpitals the fourteenth day of June, and of Saint Thomas’s Hofpital the faid twelfth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two afore faid* of the other part.

WHEREAS the ordering, management, and government of the faid hofpitals, and of each and every of them, and the feveral rights, revenues, and pofleflions thereof refpe<5tively, were veiled in the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their fucceflors, by feveral charters or letters patent of the late Kings Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, bearing date refpedively the thirteenth day of Janu-cry* in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and-twenty-fixth day of June9 in the fixth year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, with fuch powers, rights, and privileges, to fuch ufes and purpofes, and fubjedt to fuch reftric-tions, limitations, and trufts, as in the faid charters or letters patent are exprefled and contained : and whereas the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city of London* in pur-fuance and by virtue of fuch charters or letters parent, took upon themfelves the management and government of the faid feveral hofpitals, and madeieveral orders and regulations touching the fame: and whereas, at a general court holden at ChriJTs Hofpital* upon the twenty-feventh day of September* one thoufand five hundred and fifty-feven, by the governors of all the faid hofpitals, it was ordered and agreed, That the faid hofpital of Saint Bartholomew fhould from thenceforth be united to the reft of the faid hofpitals, and be made one body with them ; and that for the government of all the faid holpitals, fir Martin Brttwkqight (then an alderman of the city of London) fhould be comptroller general, and fir Andrew Judde knight (then alfo an alderman) fhould be furveyor general, and that three aldermen, a treafurer, and eight other citizens therein named and deferibed, fhould be governors for each and every of the faid hofpitals, and fuch hoipitals refpedlively from thenceforth continued under the fame kind of management, with a fmall in-creafeof governors, down to the year one thoufand five hundred and fixty-four, when, upon the twenty-firfl day of September in that year (being Saint Matthew's day), a president, treafurer, and other governors, were chofen at ChriJVs Hofpital for each of the laid hofpitals: and thefe elediions upon Saint Matthew's day were continued annually, down to the year one thoufand five hundred and eighty-feven $ and from that period courts were at feveral times held at Chri/Ts Hofpital* down to the year one thoufand fix hundred and fifty-two inclufive, for electing or

coa-

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 77. [1782*

confirming governors of the faid hofpitals refpedlively, but not yearly, or in the fame regular manner as thentofore: and courts were alfo held during that period, at and for the (aid hofpitals, for nominating or eledting governors of thofe holpitals. refpec-tively, and for the management thereof; and from and after that time, it does not appear that fuch annual eledlions on Saint Matthew's day were kept up or obferved at ChrifTs Hofpital^ for nominating or electing governors of the faid hofpitals refpec-tively, fave only for confirmation of the governors eledled at the faid hofpitals; but it appears that the governors of the faid hofpitals of Saint Bartholomew, Chri/}> Bridewell, and Btthekm refpedtively, have been chofen at general courts or committees holden at the faid hofpitals, from and after the faid year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and fifty-two, down to the prefent time: and whereas it alfo appears by ancient records or entries, and otherwife, fhat lifts of the governors chofen for the. faid hofpitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, and Bethelemf and Saint Thomas, have been annually fent from thofe hofpitals |o ChrifTs Hofpital previous to the meeting of the faid governors on Saint Matthews day for confirmation, and that fuch lifts have conftantly been delivered% to the clerk of ChriJTs Hofpital, and by him, together with a lift of governors of ChriJTs Hofpitol, prefented to the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, and by his lordfhip immediately delivered over, or di~ reeled to be delivered over, yearly and every year, at that time and place, to the town clerk of the fame city attending his lord-(hip on thofe meetings, in the prefence of the aldermen, or great part of them, without making any objedtion to, or attempting to alter in any refpedl the annual lifts of governors fo delivered, or that mode of confirmation; which practice or vfage hath been continbed as to all the faid hofpitals to the prefent time, fave and except that the prefidents, treaftirers, governors, and officers of the faid feveral hofpitals were for forae years appointed by certain commiffioners authorized by his late msgefty King Charles the Second, for the regulation or the faid hofpitals: and whereas great benefit has been derived to the charitable inflitutions of the faid hofpitals from fuch mode of managing and conducting the fame, and from the voluntary contributions, grants, bequefts, and donations of the feveral perfons fo eledted governors as aforefaid, and others s and whereas difputes have arifen between the faid mayor and corrtmonalty and citizens, and the perfons adling as governors of the faid hofpitals, touching their refpedtive rights, powers, and privileges, in the ordering, management, government, and difpofi-tion of the faid hofpitals, and the eftates, pofleffions, and revenues thereof: and it is conceived to be for the mutual benefit of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and of tbe faid hofpitals, that all fuch difputes fhould ccafe, and be finally and amicably fettled, adjufted, and terminated, and that the adlual ordering, management, and government of the faid hofpitals re-fpcdtively (hall tor ever hereafter be continued in the mayor and

aldermen

Digitized by Google

Anno viccfimo feundo Gborgii III. c. 77.	127

aldermen of the (aid city, together with the other perfons now ading as governors, or hereafter to be ele&ed as fuch, in fhe uftu! mode of eledtion of governors at the faid refpedtive hof-pitals, and fuch of the commoners of the faid city as (hall be eleded and chofen in the manner hereafter to be hereby directed, with fuch powers, rights, and privileges, to fuch ufes and purpofes, and under and fubjedt to fuch reftridtions and trufts, as are in the faid charters or letters patent, and herein-after in thefe articles, expreffed and contained: now therefore thefe prefents witnefs, that, in order to effectuate the falutary purpofes herein-before mentioned, it is hereby mutually and fully agreed and declared by and between the faid parties to thefe prefents, in manner following; (that is to fay),

FirL That the governors of the faid feveral hofpitals of Saint Firft article* Bartholomew, Betbelem> Chrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the JpoJHe9 and every of them named in the refpedtive lifts, delivered in uoon the twenty-firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, being Saint Matthew's day, at CbriJTs Hefpital aforefaid, to the town clerk of the city of Lon-by the order of the lord mayor; and alfo thofe' governors who have been elected fince the delivery of fuch lifts, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London; and alfo the members of the faid court of common council, to be nominated and appointed as herein-after is mentioned, for the time being, (hall be eftablifoed and confirmed governors of fttch of the aforefaid hofpitals refpedtively, of which they had been dedted governors previous to the delivery of fuch lifts as aforefaid, or have been fince the delivery of fuch lifts, or in future (hall be elected governors, in fuch and the fame manner, and with fuch and the fame rights, privileges, powers, and authorities, a6 any governors of the fame feveral hofpitals, or any of them, at any time or times fince the firft eftabli foment or appointment of the annual meetings at CbriJTs Hojpital on Saint Mattbevfs day, for the nomination, election, or confirmation of governors of the faid hofpitals refpedtively, have, or could, or might, or ought to have had, in the governing, ordering, management, and difpofition of the bufinefs, affairs, or concerns of the (aid hofpitals refpedtively, and of the real eftates and pof-feffions of every denomination, and of the rents and revenues thereof; and alfo of all and Angular the goods, chattels, and perfonal eftate and effedts whatfoever, of or belonging to the fame hofpitals refpedhvely; and fuch governors who have been fo already eledted, and fuch governors as (hall be hereafter elected at general courts or committees to be held for the faid hofpitals refpedtively, in fuch manner as fuch governors now are or ought to be eledted or chofen by the rules and orders now ufed and eftablifoed, or hereafter to be ufed and eftablifoed, in the bid hofpitals refpedtively, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London aforefaid, and the members of Ac faid court of common council for the time being, to be no-mutated and appointed as herein-after mentioned, (hall have

. good

Digitized by Google

n8	Anno	vicefinto fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 77. [1787.

good right, full power, and abfolute authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to nominate, eled, and appoint, the prefidents, treafurers, and all other officers and minifters of and for the faid hofpitals refpedively, and to do every other ad, matter, and thing, alts, matters, and things, neceflary or expedient to be done for the good government and condud of the fame fever^l hofpitals, ana in the management and difpofition of the eftates real and perfonal of the fame refpedively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as the governors of the fame hofpitals refpedively have at any time or times heretofore aded in or about the government, management, and difpofition of the fame, or.in anywife relating thereto, without the lawful fuit, hindrance, denial, interruption, moleftation, or difturbance, of or by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whomfoever or whatfoever.

Second article. Secondly, That at fell times hereafter, when and fo often as it (hall or may be neceflary or expedient for the mayor, aldermen, and other governors of the faid hofpitajs refpedively, ad-ing and to ad as aforefaid, to profecute, carry on or defend any fuit or fuits, diftrefs or diftrefles, ejedment or ejedments, or other ads or proceedings either at law or in equity, touching or concerning all or any of the pofleffions, rights, titles, or revenues of the fame hofpitals, or any of them, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord mayor, aldermen, and other governors or the faid hofpitals refpedively, ading or to ad as aforefaid, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, on all fuch occafions, and for all or any of the purpofes aforefaid, to ufe and aflume the names, ftile, and title of the mayor and commonalty and citizen*, of the city of London, as governors of the houfe of the poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hofpital near Weft Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth; and as mailers, guardians, and governors of the houfe and hof-pital called Bethtlem, fituate without and near to Bi/bopfgate, of ' the faid city of London; and as governors of the pofleffions, revenues, and goods, of the hofpitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, of Chrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apoftle, or of fuch of the faid hofpitals refpedively, touching or concerning which, or the rights, title, pofleffions, or revenues whereof, fuch fuit or fuits, diftrefs or diftrefles, or other ads or proceedings as aforefaid, (hall or may be commenced, made, or profecutea ; and that in all cafes whatfoever wherein the name, ftile, or title, of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city (hould be fo ufed or afliuned for any of the ufes or purpofes aforefaid, the cofts, charges, damages, and expences, which (hall be incurred and fuftained by reafon or means of fach fuit or fuits, diftrefs or diftrefles, (hall be borne, paid, and dif-burfed, by the treafurer for the time being of the faid hofpitals refpedively, concerning which, or the eftates, revenues, or pof-feffions whereof, fuch fuit or fuits, diftrefs or diftrefles, (hall be brought, profecuted, or made, out of the general funds of the fame hofpitals refpedively, or out of the rents and revenues

thereof;

Digitized by CjOOQle

17J2J Anno vicefimo fccundo GeoRgii III. c. 77.

thereof; and that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the laid city, and their refpedlive goods, chattels, and eftates* and alfo the lands, tenements, eftates, and pofleflions, belonging to them in their feparate capacity, other than the eftates and pofleflions vefted in them for the ufe and benefit of the faid feveral hofpitals, (hall be indemnified, protected, and faved harmlefs, from and againft all fuch cofts, damages, and ex-peaces, to be incurred as aforefaid: and further, that in cafe the treasurers of the faid hofpitals refpe&ively, for or concerning which, or the eftates or revenues whereof, fucli fuit or fuits flull at any time hereafter be brought and profecuted, or fuch diftrefs or diftrefles (hail be made, (hall refufe or negled to make fiich payments as aforefaid; and the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and his or their refpedtive eftates, or the eftates or re* venues which they enjoy in their corporate capacity, other than the eftates and revenues vefted in them for the benefit of the faid hofpitals refpedively, (hall become charged with the payment of fuch cofts, charges, damages, and expences, as aforefaid; that then and in fuch cafe, and as often as it (hall fo happen, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city to enter into and upon any of the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, and revenues, belonging to any of the faid hofpitals, in refpedt of which any fuch aftions or fuits (hall be brought, and whereof the legal in-tereft is become vefted in them under or by virtue of the feveral charters granted to them by King Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, or either of them, and to hold and enjoy the fame, and receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until the fum for which they or their eftates (hall become fo charged (hall be fully paid and Satisfied, and no longer.

YkirUji That the feal of or belonging to the aforefaid hofpitals (hall be reftored to the chamber of the faid city of London, and be kept as heretofore bv the chamberlain of the fame city for the time being, in a purie or box fealed with the feals of the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, and any of the aldermen of the fame citv who (hall be prefent at any time or times that the fame feal (nail be ufed ; and that all leafes which (hall at any time or times hereafter be made or granted of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of or belonging to the aforefaid feveral hofpitals, or any of them, and all and every other deeds, presentations, and other inftruments whatfoever relating to or concerning the fame hofpitals, or the eftates, revenues, and pofieftions thereof refpe&ively^ (after the fame (hall have been examined, approved, and figned, by the prefidents or treaforers, and fuch a competent number of the aldermen and other governors of fuch of the faid refpe&ive hofpitals, to which fuch leafes, deeds, or inftruments, (hall relate or concern, as have been ufed and accuftomed to examine, approve, and fign the fame, (hall be left at the chamberlain’s office aforefaid, for the aforefaid feal of the faid hofpitals to be affixed thereto. With fuch doequet or writing explaining the purport of fuch Vol. XXXIV.	K	leafes,

12£

Third article.

Digitized by L^ooQle

*3°	Anno vicefimo fecundo Gboroii 1H* G*77^ [1782.

leafes, deeds, or inftruments, fo to be left at the laid-office, in fuch manner and form a? heretofore was and has been ufed and accuftomed in that behalf, and the fame leafes and writings fo to be left as aforefaid), (hall thereupon be fealed with the laid feal of the aforefaid hofpitals in the next court of aldermen or of common council, whichever (hall firft happen, without any reading, addition, examination, or alteration of the fame.

Fourth article, fourthly. That the faid court of common council (hall or may, at their firft court to be held after the twenty-firft day of December now next enfuing, or at any fobfequent court, nominate and appoint forty-eight perfons (being members of the court of common council of the faid city), out of which number the names of twelve (half be fent to Saint Bartholomew9s He/pitol^ twelve to the united hofpitals of Bridewell and Bctbelm, twelve to Cbrifl's Hojpital, and twelve to Saint Thomas Hefpitaf, to be governors thereof refpedtively 5 and that fuch names (hall be entered in the books of the faid hofpitals, and in the lifts of the governors thereof refpeltively, in the order in which they (hall be fo fent; and they and every of them (hall from thenceforth be governors of the faid refpedtive hofpitals, and (hall as fuch in all matters relative to the faid hofpitals refpe&ively, for /fo long time, and for fo many years fucceflively, as they respectively (hall continue to be members of the faid court of com-ipon council, or (hall be re eledled as fuch members of the faid court; and they, and each and every of them, (hall have and enjoy the like privileges, benefits, and advantages, which the * other governors of the faid hofpitals (not being aldermen) have Had and enjoyed, or now enjoy; and that when and as often as any one or more of the faid twelve members of the faid court of common council, whofe names (hall be fent to any or either of the faid hofpitals as aforefaid, (hall die, or ceafe to be a member or members of the faid court of common council, or (hall not be re-ele&ed into fuch office, the faid court of common council (hall and may nominate and appoint another perfon, or other perfons, being a member or members of the faid court, in the place or ftead of him or them fo dying, or ceafing to be of the common council, or who (hall not be re-elc<fted; and foand in like manner, when and as often as any new governor, to be nominated and fent to any of the faid hofpitals as aforefaid, (hall die, or ceafe to be a member of the faid court of common coun-| cil, iand (hall not be re-eleded into fuch office, the faid court of| common council (hall or may nominate and appoint another] perfon or other perfons, being a member or members of the laid court, in the place or ftead of the governor or governors lafti mentioned, and (hall and may in like manner fill up all future vacancies which (hall happen, fo as that twelve members of the (hid court of common council, and no more, fo nominated and! fent to the faid fevcral hofpitals as aforefaid, may for the rime! being, and for ever hereafter, be governors in each of the faid hofpitals of Saint Bartholomew> Chrijl, and Saint Thomas the Jpoftle; and alfo that twelve members of the (aid common

coon-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1 fli.] Aflno titeflifid fecurtclo GfioRGil Ilf. c. 77.	1

countil may be governor's of the faid united hofpitals of Bride-util and Betbelem\ and all and every the perfon and perfons from time to time to be chofen by the faid court of common council, upon any fuch vacancy as aforefaid, (after his or their name or names (hall be fent to the faid hofpital or hofpitals where fuch vacancy or vacancies refpeftivcly fhall happen)*

(hallpr may a<5t as governors of the fame hofpitals refpeftively, and he entitled to the like privileges and advantages as the governors firft to be chofen and fent by the faid common council as aforefaid.

Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall prejudice the Provilb* rights of fuch members of the court of common council as how arc governors of any of the faid hofpitals, or (hall hereafter be- § come fo, by ele&ion or nomination of the governors of fuch hofpital, in the manner heretofore ufed and accuftomed, over and ( bfcfides the twelve members of the faid court who (hall be governors by virtue of this agreement.

And, laJUy, for removing all doubts touching the obfervance and performance of this agreement, and of the matters and things herein contained, by all the parties hereto, and their (ucceflbrs, it is hereby further agreed by and between all the panics aforefaid. That this prefent agreement, and all and every the matters and things herein contained, (hall be humbly fub-nutted to the confideration and confirmation of the legillature, loas that the fame may, under the prefent application to parliament for a bill for efiablifbing end confirming the prefent gover-non of the refpe&ive hofpitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bethelem,

Cbrift, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apofile, of royal foun~

Jeticn, in the exercife and enjoyment of all fuch afts> poiuerSy and }rivile£fs> relating to the /aid hofpitals, and the ejlates and rruenucs thereof as are therein exprejjed, and for the other purpofes therein mti$ned\ or otherwife, be eftablilhed and confirmed by the^ authority of an a& of parliament, with futh faving claufe as is ufual in cafes of the like nature, if the legillature (nail fo think fit.

In witnefs whereof, to one part of thefe articles, the faid, mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, as fuch governors as aforefaid, have caufed their common feal, ufed for tbceftates and concerns of the faid hofpitals, to be affixed : apd to the other part thereof the faid Thomas Harley, John Darker,, hhert Alfopy Thomas Burfooty Richard Clarhy Samuel Plumbe, and Edtuard Jefferies, efquires, and the feveral other perfons now ailing as fuch governors, as aforefaid, whofe bands andf full are hereunto fet on behalf of themfelves and others ailing, as fuch governors, have /everally and refpe&ively fet their hands *nd feals the fifteenth day of June* in the year of our Lord one thoufcnd feven hundred and eighty-two.

M whereas it is'conceived* that it will be greatly for the benefit of the tftrefaidfeveral royal hofpitals, and tendtorejlore and ejlablijh the per* meat peace and good government of the fame reffectively, if the faid K %	agree*

Digitized by

Google

i|*	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo Georgn III. c. 77. [178a.

agreement could be confirmed and rendered valid and effectual; but ihafmucb as the fame cannot be done without the aid and authority of an aft of parliament, your Majefiys mofi dutiful and loyal fubjefts, tie mayor and commonalty and citizens <?/Ix>ndon, governors of thepojjtf-funs* revenues, and goods, of the aforefaid hofpitals% and the prefiaents, treafurerSy and afting governors of thefaidfeveral royal hofpitals reflectively, do mofi humbly befeecbyour Majefiy that it may be enafted 2 and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-The faid ar- thority of the fame. That the faid articles of agreement, dated ticks of agree-the fifteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and inent are ^ eighty-two, and herein-before fet forth, and all and every the firmeJand* covenants, claufes, provifoes, ftipulations, and agreements •ftablilhed. therein contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby ratified, confirmed, and eftablifhed, according to the tenor, purport, and true intent and meaning of the fame.

The articles II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, to extend to for rendering the faid articles of agreement more cffe&ual for the mew’s and fcvcra* purpofes therein mentioned, the faid mayor and com-Betbekm hof- monalty and citizens of the faid city of London, and all other pitals.	the parties thereto, (hall obferve and perform the feveral mat-

ters and things therein contained, not only as governors of the pofleflions, revenues, and goods, of the hofpitals of Edworl King of England the Sixth, of Chrtft, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the jfpofile, but alfo as governors of the houfe of the poor in TVefl Smithfield near Londoify of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and as matters, keepers, and governors, of the aforefaid houfe and hofpital called Bethelemy as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens had been deferibed in the faid articles of agreement by the refpedive corporate names herein-before mentioned. Pubtick ad. m. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall be taken and allowed to be a publick ad in all courts within the kingdom of Great Britain; and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

General fav- IV. Saving always to theKing’s moft excellent majefty,his hein »»g*	and	fucceffors,	and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens

of the faid city of London and to all and every other perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, his, her, and their hein, lucceflbrs, executors, and adminittrators, all fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, property, claim or demand whatloever, which they or any of them had, claimed, exercifed, or enjoyed, before the patting of this ad, except only as to fuch rights, interefts^ and claims, of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city of London, and of the perfons now and heretofore ading as governors of the faid hofpitals refpedively, as are given up, altered, modified, and taken away, by virtue of this ad, or of the agreement above recited, and by this ad confirmed.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

*33

iffa'] Anno ricefimo fccundo Gboroii III. c. 78.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aR to permit drugs, tht produR of Hungary or Germany, to bt imported from the Auftrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the Jingle duty; to allow the importation of Hungary or German wines, and ot ganzined thrown jiIk, from the Auftrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in Jbipe the property of fubjeRs under the fame fovereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the eighth Preamble.

and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, Recital of I & intituled. An act for theleflening the duty upon tin and pewter 9GUI. j#c. exported, and granting an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon drags, after reciting, That whereas by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other Turns of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was provided, That all drugs imported direRly from tht place of their growth in Englith built Jhipping, be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more, it was, among/} other things, enaRed, That the fubfidy to be received for all drugs, imparted billy from the place of their growth in Englifti built flapping,/ball bt otarding to tbo full value on the refpeRive fpecies enumerated in the book of rates, and not according to the faid abatement; and for oil drugs otberwife imported, treble fuch full value: and whereas drugs of the growth, produR, or manufaRure of Hungary and Germany, hove heretofore been ufually imported from Rotterdam, upon payment of the Jingle duty; and it is expedient to permit fitch drugs tt be imported in like manner from the Auftrian Netherlands, or any port in Germany: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-Mcd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after J^y *$• the twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, all drugs of the growth, production, or manufacture prodia of m Hungary or Germany, which (hall be laden and (hipped at any Hungary or port or place in the Aujlrian Netherlands, or at any port in Ger- Germany, many, and imported from thence in Britijb built (hipping into this kingdom, (hall be deemed and taken to be imported directly {he Auftrian from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, Netherlands, and (hall be liable to and pay duties accordingly j any thing in &c. on pay* the (aid recited aCt, or any other aCt or aCts of parliament, to 2*** °J ™ the contrary notwithftanding.	duty*

1L And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore* Doties to ho Cud, That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of July, one paid on tbo toubnd fevea hundred and cighty.two, it (hall ana ma ‘



Google

Digitized by

j 3f	Anno	viccfimo fecundo Georgii III. f. jrjl.

organzined lawful for any perfon or perfons to import any wines, or any from^Gcrma- or£anzjne(l thrown filk, being the growth, product, ,or manu-ny,&:c. being fadure, of Hungary, the Aujlrian dominions, or any part of Gcr-tlie produft of wavy* into Great Britain, from the Aujlrian Netherlands, or from the imperial any port or place fubjed to the emperor ot Germany, or houfe nonunions. of Auftria, upon payment of the fame duties for fuch wine as are due and payable for Rhenijb wine, and the fame duties for fuch organzined thrown filk as are due and payable for the like filk imported into this kingdom from Italy, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Recital of the III. And whereas by an all of parliament, made in the twelfth navigational, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a<5t for i*Car.2.c.i8. t^e encouraging and increafing of (hippingand navigation,////, amongjl other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of tbt growth, production, or manufacture of Mufcovy, or to anf the f countries, dominions, or territories, to the great duke or enfptwe of ^lufcovy or Ruflia belonging;. as alfo that no forts of mafls, timber, trn boards, no foreign fait, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp, or flax, raifins, figs, prunes, olive oils; no forts of corn or. grain, Jugar, pot-qjbes, wines, vinegar, or Jpirits called Aqua Vitae, or Brandy .Wine, Jhtll he imported into England, Ireland, Wafcs, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any flip or Jhips, vejfel or vejfels whatfoevtr, but fuch as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or feme of them, as the true owners and+proprietors thereof, and whereof the majler and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are English; except only fuch foreign /hips and vefjels as art of the built of that country or place of which the faid goods are the grovHh, production, or manufacture rejpeftively, or offuch port where the faid goods eon only bp, or mojl ufually are, firfl fhipped for tranfportation, and whereof the ipaftfr and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are of the faid country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of Jbip and goods: and whereas by another aft, mode in the ftxth year of the reign of his late $ Geo.i.c. 15. niajejly King George the Firji, intituled. An ad to repeal fo much - qf the ad, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and regulating ahufes in bis Majefiys cuftoms, palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of deal boards and fir timber from Germany, it is, amongfi other things, enabled, That it Jhall and mey be lawful to and for any of his Majeftys fubjefts to import any quantity or quantities of fir timber, fir planks, mafls, and deal boards, be-ing of the growth-of Germany, into this kingdom, from any port er place in Germany, in Britilh built Jhips only, fo as the owner or owners are his Majejly's Britifh fubjefts, and whereof the aa/lerani three fourths of the mariners at leqft are Britifh fubjefts, paying the V\ke rates and duties to bis Maiefty for the fame as are payable for fir timber, fir planks, majb, and deal boards, imported from Norway: $0w, iq order to encourage and promote the importation of timber, and feveral of the other articles enumerated in the faid ids, into this kingdom \ be it further ena&ed by. the authority from July *5, ttforefaid, That, from and after the faid twenty- fifth day of Jefy*

nut timber q0C thoqfaad fcYen hundred and eighty-two, it (ball. aniaajf. ftc. maybe'*	0	r	•-	&

Digitized by

Google

i7#*.] Aimo vibdfimo fccunfloGEoRori HI. c. 79.	135

Wiawful fur smy perfon ot perfons to import into Great Bri- imported in tain nay fort of timbery or any of the faid artides enumerated in the before recited ads, from any foreign port or place in Europe, c„tun re_ in any (hip or vefiel being the property of fubjeAs under the fame itriftioni \ fovereign as the country of which fuch goods are the growth, produA, or manufacture, although the country or place where (uch (hip or veflel was built, or to which fhe doth or may belong, was not under the dominion of fuch fovereign at the time of pafling the herein-before recited a A, made in the twelfth year df the reign of King Charles the Second ; any thing in the faid recited aAs, or any other aA, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV, Provided always, That all fuch goods and merchandizes ^** h imported into Great Britain, in fuch foreign buik (hips, or ens^dutic* * the property of foreigners, (hall be liable to aliens and all other	1

duties to which they would have been liable if this aA had not been made.

CAP. LXXIX.

in aft for the encouragement and iifcipliHhg bf futb corps or com panics of men as Jball voluntarily enrol themfelves for defence of their towns or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom^ during the prefent war.

WHEREAS the titmo/l exertions are now reqtdftte for in- Preamble.

trtafmg the military force in this kingdom, be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with thft advice and confeht of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-* nutos, in thte prefertt parliament afleitiWed, and bv the authority of the fame. That any corps or companies or volunteers. All volunteer who now are or (hall hereafter be formed, in any towns or elfe-where in Great Britain, during the continuance of the prefent VI(jon or war, under officers having commiffion from his Majefty, or bellion, (hall from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be fpecially march out of authorized by his Majefty for that purpofe, and who (hall at ttotwiwor anytime, in cafe of a&ual invafion or rebellion, march out of counties, *fhal! their refpeAive towns or counties for the purpofe of aAing againft be intitled to fcrij rebels or invaders of this kingdom, (hall, in that cafe, be receive pay at intitled to receive pay in fuch manner and at fuch rates as the officers and foldiers of his Majefty’s regular forces do now receive j and (hall, during the time of their fo receiving pay as above, be fubjeA to military difeiplinfc a$ the reft bf his Majefty’s regular and militia troops.

II. Provided always. That no officer or foldier of any volum* S0,1*1?* teer corps (hall be liable to be tried br pUnifhed by any court of volunteert, martial at any time, unlefs fuch court martiar be compofed en- to be compof-tirely of officers ferving iq the volunteer corps, if a fotficient cd of volun-number can be obtained to conftitute fuch court martial.	tccr °^oer#*

III. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid,That Commiffioncd ill commiffioned officers of the faid corps, who (hall be difabled awS^iotided by the $nemy in aAual fervice, (hall be intitled to half pay, and to half pay.

£4	alUc.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo‘Gsox.011 IIL c. 3o» [1782.;

all non-commiflioncd officers and foldiers fo difabled to the benefit of Cbelfea HofpitaU and the widows of commiffioned officers killed in the ftrvice to a petition for life.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft to veil certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in* truftees, for the better fecuring his Majefty's docks, (hips, and ftores, at; Portfmouth and Chatham.	‘

For the better fecuring hfs Majefty’s docks, (hips of war and ftores, it ia neceftary to enlarge and (trengthen the fortifications at or near Portfmouth and Chatham, and in order thereunto to purebafe certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, near Portlmouth, in the county of1 Southampton, containing about five hundred and twenty-feven acres, om rood and thirty-three perches. And certain other pieces of land, and * tenements thereunto belonging, fituate in or near Frindlbury, in the coun-i ty of Kent, containing about three hundred and iiaty fix acres, two roods! and thirty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements4 thereunto belonging, in the parilb of Gillingham, in the (hid county, con* taining about one hundred and ninety three acres, one rood and twenty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto be-, longing, fituate in the pariihof Chatham, in the (aid county, containing! abopt four acres, one rood and twenty four perches; being part of the Jands comprized in the aftof »oGeo. j.c.49. veiled in the right honourable* Charles Wolfran Corn wall, Jervoife Clerk Jervoife, Robe rtThifileth wait©, thei honourable Charles Matham, and Filmer Honywood, efquires, their heir*,, Ac. in truft for the refpeftivc owners till the purchafe money, with intereft at 5I. percent, from the time of taking pollclfion, be paid. Realonable com pep fation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids.' HisMajefty impowered, by letters patent under the great feal, to appoint commiflioners to determine claims to the faid lands, &c. and aoy five or more may proceed, upon the oath of witnefles, infpe&ion of deeds, Ac. and if the parties require it, by the inqueft of twelve men, to enquire into the rights, eftares, and interelts of any perfons, dec. relating to the premiles, and to have power to fend for perfons, deeds. See* Judgements and decrees of commilfioners to be entered in books, &c. Copies theitof to be laid before both houfes of parliament. Commilfioners to iflus tbeir warrants to Iheriifs to fummon juries; who are to inquire into the value of lands, Sec. penalty on Iberiffs or their officers making default; not more than 101. nor lets than 101, and alfo on jurors, not more than 10I. for each offence. To be eltreated into the court of exchequer. In cafe a fuflicient jury lhall not appear upon return of the warrant, commilfioners may adjourn the inquelt, and lfiue their warrant for fummontnz other jurors in room of defaulters. Commilfioners, after the inqueft lhall be taken, may adiourn, See. Commilfioners to give 14 days notice previous to their refpedtive meetings. If owners make default in appearing, &c. the commilfioners to determine upon the belt information they can get, which is to be final. On payment of the Turns aflefled by the jury, Arc. trullees to be deemed feifed of the premifes, for the ufc of bis Majefly. Pumps, wells. Sec. to be free. No private building to be erefted upon any lands veiled by this aft. Damages alTefied to be paid out of tne next aids granted by parliament. Buildings erefted contrary to this aft to be pulHd down. Lands to be purchafed in purfuance of this aft lhall be liable to the ufual tithes and taxes. To be paid by the ftorekeeper of tbe prdnance. Commilfioners not liable to the penalties in tbe afts of t5Car, s.e. s. iW.&M.c. I. 14 W. 3. c. 6. nor 1 Geo. i.c* 13. Comopf-Loners not difqualifjed from being members of parliament.

Digitized by Tooele

CAP.

i;82.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 81.

*37

C A P. LXXXI.

in aB for tbebatter regulation of the office of paymafter general of

bis Majefty's forces.

WHEREAS it appears, by tbe reports made by tbe tommif-Jioners appointed to examine, take, and.Jlase tbe publick ae-aunts of tbe kingdom, that tbe	paymafteof tbe fortes have hereto-

fsrebeeu attuftomed to accumulate large fums of publick money in their hods, beyond what was nectffary for carrying on the fervices in their department, and to take and tarry out of office with them, upon their rifigsatm or removal, large balances of publick money, wbitb they beve retained and kept in their bands many years after being out •foe: and whereas it is highly expedient that a	be	providedfor tbefe	inconveniences; be it therefore enabled by the

King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana con-fern of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prtfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the paymafter general of his Ma-jelly’s forces for the time being, in all memorials to be by him prerented to the treafury for money for army fervices, (hall pray that fuch fum as he requires may be ifliied to the governor and company of the bank of England on his account, lpecifying, in every fuch memorial, the fum he requires, and for what particular fervice or fervices; and the commiflioners of his Majefty's treafury for the time being, by their letter from time to time Hull direct tbe auditor of the exchequer to iflue to tbe governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay-mailer general of his Majefty’s forces, naming fuch paymafter general for the time being, the fum for which fuch letter (hall be drawn upon the unlatisfi'cd order at the exchequer in favour of tbe faid paymafter general, for which the receipt of the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company (hall be a fufficieot difeharge; and all fums for which fuch letters of the commitfioners of his Majefty’s treafury (hall be drawn, (hall be ifliied to tire governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore ilTued to the paymafter general of his Majefty's forces j and all fuch monies fo to be iflued to the governor and company of the bank of England, Hull be placed to an account to be raifed in the books of tbe governor and company of the faid bank of England, and to be intituled, Tbe Account of the Poytnqfler General of bis Majefty't Forces;infertingthe name of fuch paymafter general for the time being.

11.	Ana be it enadted, That no fees wbatfoever (hall be paid at the exchequer or treafury for oc by reafon of the tranfadhons aforefaid, beyond the amount of what hath ufually been paid vpon ioprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the

former

Preamble.

Fsea Jan. t.

tbe exchequer, for Army ftrvicet, Hull be paid into tbe banl^ and placed to the account of tbe paymafter gene* raU

No feet more than ufual fhall be paid at the e*che« quer, Uq.

Digitized by

Google

1*8

From Jan. t, 1783, no money (hall be lifted from the exchequer to thf pay-, mafter gene* ral.

Paymafter to draw on the bank for army fcrvices.

1- :	'	r

f ’	-

The monies lilted to the bank not to be paid thereof, onlefs for army fer-7 ice*.

Claufe to prevent an unne-qrftaryaocu-mufotio* ofi pubiick mo-nry in the bank*.

Anno vk»fimofcctmdoGrol^Gii III. c.€i. [1782. former cuftom of tranfa&ing bufinefs between the exchequer, pay office, and bank fevorally.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid firft day of January, one thoyCand feven hundred and eighty-three, no money for the fervice of the army (hall be iflued from his Majefty*$ exchequer to the paymafter general of his Majcfty’s forces, or (hall be placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or pofleffion, but the fame (hall be iffiied and direded to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed to the account above-mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enisled by the authority aforefaid, That the paymafter general of his MajeAy’s forces for the time being, ,by himfelf or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons in his office duly authorised by the faid paymafter general, from aod after the ft id firft day of January, one thoiifand feven hon* dred and orghty-three, (hall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of England for all army Services whatever, and (hall Specify in each and every draft the particular fervice for which the fame is drawn; and no draft of the faid paymafter, or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons authorized as aforefaid, (hall be deemed a Sufficient voucher to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, unlefs the fame fpecities the fervice for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the (aid governor and company of the bank of England.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the monies So to be iflued to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymafter general of fan Majefty*$ forces, (hall not be paid out of the bank unlefs for the army Services, and in purfuance of drafts or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England, and Signed by the paymafter general of hie Majefty?s forces for the time being, or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons authorized as aforefaid; in which drafts (hall be fpecifled the heads ef fervice to which the fums therein mentioned are to be applied | and Which drafts So drawn Shall be fufficient authority to the bank to pay Such money to the perform mentioned in luch drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VI.	And that the commifftoners of his Moje/ly's treafnry may have a frequent knowledge of the balanee of cajhin the hands of the gaver-nor Otsd tohrpany of the bank of England, on ateount of the paymajkr general of his Majejhfs fortes, in order to enable them to judge ef the propriety and necefjity of further ijfues, and to present the wine-ttffdry aecurntulMion of pubiick money in the hands of the governor and tompasty of the bank 0/England, be it enadkd by the authority aforefaid. That, from and_ after the firft day of January, one thobfend feven hundred aftd eighty^three,* m the firft memorial prefented evtty month to the commifliohers of his Majerty’s treafnry, by the paymafter general of his MajeftyV forces for the time* being, for a frppty of money for tht arrfiy fertfcwi

fuck

Digitized by LjOOQle

1782.J Anne vicefnpp fecqt>c}o C^ORGH IIJ. p.fiu'

(qch pay mailer (hall infert, in the body of fgch memorial, the fjm total of the balance of ppbljck money on bis account in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England) to* gerher with an account of all tne puj^anding drafts drawn up* on, but not paid by the faid governor aod company of the bank of England.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That upon the death, refignation, or removal, of the prefent, Upon tht and of every other paymafter of his Majefty’s forces hereafter to death or te-be appointed, the balance pi calh for which he (ha)l at that time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with the go- {be balance vernorand company of the*bank of England, (hall, as fpon as calh be (hall a fuccefTor (hall be appointed to the faid office, actually veil in have credit fuch fuccefTor, in truft for the fervice of the army, and be forth- dor in bis ac-with transferred, carried oyer, and plaped to the account of fuch traMferrcci to fucceffpr paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, and (hall and the account may be applied, by fuph fucceeding paymafter, to pay and dif- of his fuccef-charge all charges and demands upon his prcdeceflor, on ac- for* count of the army fervices, which (hall at that tipae remain and be unCatisfied, and (hall and may be paid by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in purfuance of the like drafts or cheque paper of fuch fucceeding paymafter, in manner ^bove-mentioned, and not other^ife.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from apd after the faid ftrft day of January, one thoufand Paypaflfer I#

(even hundred and eighty-three, the paymafter general of his keep an *c-

Majefty’s forces for the time being (hall keep the account with,

the bank of all monies iffued to or directed tp he paid to him 1

for the fervice of the army: and the faid paymafter general, ob-

(wing the rules and regulations hereby preferred, (hall not be

anfwcrable for any money which Ue (hall not a&uapy receive;

and the governor and company of the bank of England (hall be

anlWerabie for all the monies which (hall be a&ualiy received by

them for the fervice of the army.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon pr perfons (hall, from and after the f*id firft Any perfom day of January, one thoufand feven hundred aqd eighty-three, who (hall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure o^the to be forged or counterfeited, pr knowingly and wilfully aeft or paymafter, to affill in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand of the pay- obtain money mailer general of his Majefty’s forces for the time beiiyg, or of from the his deputy, to any draft, cheque paper, inftrumpot, of writing whatfoever, for pr in, order to the receiving or qbtainir^ *oy of a £cj00# the money in the hands or cuftody of the govqrpoc and company of the bank of England, on account of ther paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces; or tyall forge or counterfeit, or. caufe or procure to be forged or coimtqrfefted/or knpwingly and wilfully act or affift in forging or counterfeiting, any draft, cheque paper, inftrument, or writing in form of a draft, made by fuch paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, or his deputy* .

Digitized by Google

Books of account in the pavmafter's office (hall be

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 81. [1782;

tjr; or (hall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever; every fuch perfon 2nd perfons fo offending (being thereof lawfully convi&ed) (hall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it enadled, That all books of accounts whatfoever, kept in the office of paymafter general, (hall be held to belong

vim* wwi oc to lkc °®cc> and not be ** difpofal of the pay-bddtobeiorTg maftcr general to take and difpofe of the fame as his private and id tbs fame, proper books of account: provided that nothing herein (hall extend to prevent any perfon or perfons who hath or have exer-cifed the office of paymafter general, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, by himfelf or themfelves, or by any perfon or perfons authorized by him or them, from taking copies or extracts thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer (hall be made out for every feveral paymafter, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators.

XI.	And whereas it appears from the reports of the commijfioners far examining, taking, and Jiating the publick accounts of tbi kingdom, that the falaries, fees, and emoluments, received by feveral of the officers and clerks employed in the office of paymafter general of bis Atajejhfs forces, have, of late years, amounted to Jums beyond a rea-finable and adequate compenfation for their refpeflive fervices; be it therefore enadted, That, from and after the tenth day of Oils-ber, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, all fees, hitherto payable at the office of the faid paymafter general, (hall be depofited in the hands' of the ca(hier of the laid office, or others authorized by the paymafter general, in order to form a fund, from which a reafonable augmentation to the falaries and appointments of the feveral officers and clerks (hall be made, if it (hall be found expedient 5 as alfo fuch further compenfation as the increafe of bufinefs in the office, from time to time, (hall requirej and the remainder (hall be paid to the treafurer or vice-treafuer of Chelfea Hofpital, towards a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers who have been or (hall be maimed or grievoufly wounded in his Majefty’s land fervice; or as an augmentation to the penfions of widows; or as penfions to the children of fuch officers as have been killed in the (aid land fervice, as his Majefty (hall dire# and appoint.

XII.	And be it enadted, That the faid augmentation to the falaries and appointments of officers and clerks in the pay office (hall (but not more frequently than once in each year) be regulated by the faid paymafter general, by and with the concurrence of the commiflioncrs of the treafury, and his Majefty’s approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwife.

XIII.	And whereas a confederate annual fum of money is or may he faved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and init-pendent companies, a large part of which faving is or may bo rendered

All lees pay Meat the

aymafter’s office to be carried to a land.

Application of that fund.

Augmentation of fata-ries not to be more than once a year.

Savings m tbe

ckahuig of ia* pW'M&tt’tt i

be it hereby enabled, ©

That all Aims laved from the fcud

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeorGH III. c. Bu	*4*

bid allowance, or brought in account in confequence of any	co®P*-

lavings to be made in the adminiftration of the faid hofpital,	applied!

(hall be applied to the fund abovctnentioned; provided that n.o "

addition to half-pay in confequence of maims or wounds, or

pen6ons to widows whofe hulbands have or (hall have been

killed in his Maiefty’s fervice, (hall exceed twenty-five pounds

a year; nor (haft the allowance to a (ingle child of an officer

lulled exceed twenty pounds a year, nor be continued longer

(if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be

provided for in his Majefty’s fervice; or if more children are

left, the (hare of each child (hall not exceed twelve pounds

a year, to be continued to the males as aforefaid, and no

otherwife.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this a d contained (hall be conftrued to de-

to deprive the paymafter general of the ufual allowance for	the*

clerks and contingencies, or fuch as his Majefty (hall hereafter ufuti au0w-be pleafed, from time to time, to dired and appoint, and to ance for adminifter and apply the fame according to the ufual courfe of clerks, Sec. office.

XV.	And it is hereby enaded, That copies of the amount of Copies of fuch the (aid allowance be depofited in the bank of England, the pay allowance to office, and the treafury, together with a lift of all the officers,

clerks, and fervants, to the office of the faid paymafter general ^ an * belonging.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand Officers tak-feven hundred and eighty-three, no fee, perquifite, Emolument, f?*s or reward whatfoevcr (other than and except the falaries and thcir allowances herein-before mentioned) (hall be taken, in the faid office, for any bufinefs, matter, or thing to be done therein; and that if any perfon belonging, or who (hall hereafter belong, to the faid office, (hall, on any pretence whatfoever, prefume to take or accept any fee, perquifite, emolument, or reward,

(other than and except as aforefaid) every fuch perfon (hall forfeit his office or employment.

XVII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Not to take extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away, diminifh, or tw*y th* alter the power of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces ^yrartiftcrof to appoint, remove, or change at his pleafure, all or any of the removing of-officers and clerks employed in his faid office, or with the con- ficert employ-lent and approbation of the commiflioners of the treafury, or |d in ^is of-any three of them, fignified in writing, to increafe the number ficf|

of fuch clerks, in cafe the drcumftances of the bufinefs of the faid office (hould render fuch an increafe neceflary; which faid additional officers and clerks (hall, upon their refpedive appointments, become intitled to the like falaries as are herein-be-fbre dtreded to be paid to the officers and clerks in a fimilar rank and ftation in the faid office, and (hall be fubjed to all the rules, regulations, provifions, pains, and penalties, to which

the

jitized by v^c Me

14*

After Jan. r, 1783, the fe-cretary at war to return into the pay-matter's office, monthly, an account off-the efTt&ive officers and men, regulars and militia, ferving in Great Britain.

From January J» «7*V debentures to be made out for pay of the forces according to the number borne on the muf-ter-rolls.

Agents to bring to the paymaster's office an account of the mutters, See,

on forfeiture of iqoL

Anno vlcefimo fecundo GtoRGii III. c. 8t. [iffa

the officers and clerics now exiting in the faid office are fnadt liable by this a61.

XVIII.	And, for the better prevention of the iffhing from the exchequer of any more monies than the fervices of the army do afluaVy require, be it enadted, That, from and after the firft day of Ja-nuary, o'ne {Jhoufand (even hundred and eighty-three, the fecre-tary at war Inall, on or before the fifteenth day of every month, return into the office of the paymafter general of his Majefty*s land fbrces an account of the effective commiffioned and nOn-commiffioned officers and private men of his Majefty’s regular forces and militia ferving in Great Britain, according to the hft returns from the adjutant general into the office of the faid fe-cretary at war, distinguishing each corps feverally; and the faid fecretary at war Shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form, or caufe to be formed monthly, an eftimate of the monies which may be necefTary for the recruiting of the ftid regiments, troops, and companies feverally, ana to tranfmit the fame, together with the faid account of effective officers and private^, to thfc offices of the fecretary at war, and of the paymaster general of the land forces.

XIX.	And whereas it hat been the ufual praflice^ for many years lafl pajf, for his Majefly's warrants to be fent to the paymajler gent-ral ofbis forces, directing hint to make out debentures complete for the full pay of the feveral regiments, troops, and companies, according to their refpeflive ejlablijhments, injlead of the former method offending warrants to him to make out debentures for the pay of the feveral. regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers borne on their refpeflive mujler- rolls, which latter method appears to be better fuited to exafl account, and to the prevention oj increafe of balances any where; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred' and eighty-three, debentures Shall be made out for the pay of the feveral regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers borne on their mufter-rolls, and not otherwise.

XX.	And be it enadted, That the army or regimental agents

(hall, and they are hereby required to bring to the office of the faid paymafter general, within ten days after every mufter, an account of the mufter of their regiments feverally, and of the money actually paid for fubfiftence and for recruiting, d.ftin-guiShing each fervice, together with an account of the balances remaining in their hands feverally at the time of each mufter.	'

XXI.	And he it enafled, That for every failure in any of the before-mentioned particulars, the faid army agent or agents (hall forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any per-fort or petfons who Shall fue for the fame.

CAP*

Digitized by Google

17*2.] Anna vicefimo feeundo Georgii III. C. 82.

14 i

CAP. LXXXII.

fa aQ for enabling bis Majefiy to difcbarge the debt contracted upon bis civil lift revenues; and for preventing the fame from being in arrtar for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of tbe faid revenues, and by fuppreffing or regulating Or tain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the' civil lift.

WHEREAS bis Majejly, from his paternal regard to tbe Preamble.

welfare of bis faithful people, from his defire to difeharge the debt on his civil lift, without any new burthen to the publicity for preventing tbe growth of a like debt for the future, as well as for introducing a better order and oeconomy in thf civil lift eftablifhments^ end for tbe better ftcurity of tbe liberty and independency of parlia-ment9 has been pleafed to order9 that the office commonly called or hewn by tbe name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the office or eftablifhment commonly known bp tbe name and defeription of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of lords of police in Scotland; the principal officers if tbe board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; tbe principal officers of the jewel office; the treafurer of tbe chamber; tk cofferer of tbe houjhold\ the offices of the fix clerks of the board of green doth; the office of paymafter of tbe penftons 5 tbe office of mafter ef tbe barriers and fox hounds; and alfo tbe office of mafter of the -flog bounds* Jbould be fuppreffed; wherefore, for carrying his Ma-ieftyV faid gracious order into execution, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From thepaJT-from and after the pafling of this adl, the office commonly call* *"5 of this ed or known by the name of Third Secretary of State9 or Secre- office*,1^herein tory of State for the Colonies; the office or eftablifhment com- fpetified, ffiall raonly called Tbe Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of be lupprtfled. the lords and gentlemen of police in Scotland; the principal officers of the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the trea* hirer of the chamber; the cofferer of the houfehold ; the offices' of the fix clerks of the board of green cloth; the office of pay-tnafter of the penfions; the offices of the mafter of the harriers, the mailer of the fox hounds, and the mafter of the flag hounds; and all and every of the offices aforefaid, together with certain of the offices dependent on or connected with the fame, of which a lift (hall be entered in the exchequer, by certificate from the lords commiffioners of the treafury, on or before the-tenth day of Oflober9 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-twof (which lift the faid lords commiffioners are hereby diretfted 1 to caufe to be entered as aforefaid), (ha)l be, and are hereby:

Wtrly iuppreffed* aboiifhcd, and taken away.

II, And

Digitized by

Google

*44

Any firoilar office hereafter eftabli(h-cd, (hall be deemed a new office.

Commi (Turners of the treafury to pay all money due on the civil lift on or before July SO) 17S*.

DhtftioM for carrying into execution an (economical plan, purfu-ant to his Majefty's gracious intentions.

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

II.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That if any office of the fame name, nature, defcription, or purpofe, of thofe hereby abolifhed, (hall bcefta-blilhed hereafter, the fame is and (hall be deemed and taken as a new office, to all conftrudtions, intents, and purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And) for the neceffary payment of perfons hitherto paid in any of the offices by this aft Juppreffed% and the execution of the duty done or performed by the Jame\ be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to i(Tue and pay, or caufe to be iffiied and paid, all fuch fum or fums of money as are or (hall be due and owing to any perfon or perfons, on account of his Majefty’s civil government, on or before the twentieth day of July, one thouland feven hundred and eighty-two, in the fame manner, and by the perfons who have laft held the offices by or under which the fame have been ufually iffiied and paid, or by fuch perfons as the commiffioners of the treafury (hall appoint and diredt to pay the fame.

IV.	And whereas anew and (economical plan is intended to it adopted and take placey purjuant to his Majefljs gracious intentions, be it therefore enadted. That the commiffioners of the treafuty (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to direct fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think mod fit and capable, to prepare, make up, and lay before them, for their approbation, methods accommodated to the feveral reforms and alterations in this adt made, and to appoint or continue in office fuch officers as they (hall judge mod fit and proper for carrying fuch plans into execution, under the diredtion of the lora fteward, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, and any other principal officer, to whom the faid officers (hall feverally be fubordinate; and the faid lord fteward, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, and fuch other principal officer, (hall regularly, within the (pace of fifteen days after each and every quarter day, make out, or caufe to be made out, an eftimate of all the feveral articles of expence of his Majefty’s civil government, within their diftirtft departments; which (hall, after being infpedled, and approved by the faid lord fteward, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, and fuch other principal officer, be prefented to the faid com-miffioners of the treafury; and which eftimate of expence (hall not be exceeded (except as is herein-after excepted and fpecially provided for) above five thoufand pounds, in any of thofe departments in any one year, without fufficient reafons, to be produced to the faid commiffioners of the treafury, for increaf-mg the fame; and upon the expiration of the quarter, the faid commiffioners of the treafury (hall diredl fo much of the monies of the civil lift revenues to be iffiied at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid lord fteward, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, or fuch other principal officer, or to any perfon or perfons appointed for that purpofe by the faid lord fteward, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, or fuch other principal officer,

Digitized by Google

*43

*782.] Afind yfccfimo fecuhdo Georgi* III. &.

ter, with the confent and approbation of the commiflioners of the treafury, as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay the whold of the expence incurred in fuch quarter, which (hall be by hint dillributed to atid among the feveral perfons who (hall be inti-tied to receive the fame.

V.	And be it ena&ed and declared. That the abolitiofi of thp The court of office of the clerks of the green cloth (hall not extend, or be virlc» conftrued to extend, to take away, or in any refpedt to dero- f^fdiaion gate from the jurifdiflion which may now be lawfully exercifecl and powers by the court commonly called The Court of Virge^ or The Green prefcrvcd. Cloth, but that the fame may be held and excrcifed ; and It is

hereby enacted, That the fame (hall be held and exerciled, with all the accuftomed lawful jurifdidtion, powers, and privileges belonging to the fame, without any of the clerks of the green cloth, whqfe office is by this aft taken away; any ftatute, law, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.	^

VI.	And be It enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all His MajeftyV hisMajefty’s buildings which have been hitherto under the ma- Gildings to riagement of the board of works, (hall be under the direction

of feme one perfon, who (hall be conftitured and appointed by a furvevqr or his Majefty, during his royal pleafure, furveyor or comptroller corpptrolUr of his Majefty’s works, (the (aid furveyor or comptroller being to be appoint^ hnafie by profeflion ah architect or builder), with fuch officer^ and clerks under him as his Majefty (hail from time to timp direfl and appoint.

VII.	And be it enabled, That all the royal gardens (hall be The royal

under the dire&ion of a perfon who (hall be appointed by hi$ gardens to be Majefty, during his Majefty’s pleafure, furveyor or comptroller	a

of the King’s gardens, with fuch gardeners and others under furveyor or him, as his Majefty (hall authorize and appoint, (the faid fur- comptroller, vc)* or of gardens, in like manner, being by proteflion agar- to be appoint-dener, or improver of grounds): and the faid furveyors °f comptrollers of his Majefty’s works or gardens, or either of

them, during the holding of the faid offices, (hall be, and they arc hereby declared to be, incapable of being eledled into, or of fitting and voting in parliament.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Direction*

the following rule and method (hall hereafter be obferved, with	of

regard to all works which might heretofoie have been done by ncw building* the board of works, for his Majcfty’s fervice; (that is to fayj, or repairs-that if his Majefty (hall order any new building, work, or repair, the expence of which (hall exceed the fum of one thoufanjl

pounds, the plan (if in fuch works a plan (hall be ufual) and an cAimate of the expence of the fame, (hall be laid beforp the lord chamberlain ; and if the faid eftimate (hall appear rea-fonablc, reference being had to the works ordered as aforefaid by his Majefty, the fame (hall be by nim certified to vhe com-miffioners of the treafury; and if the faid com mi (boners approve of the faid eftimate, they may and (hall (if his Majefty, by warrant under his Majefty's royal fign manual, (hall fo di-red) authorize the faid furveyor or architect to execute the fame; Vol.XXXIV.	L	and

Digitized by Google

14*	Anno	viceftmo	fecundo	Georgii	III.	c.	82.	[1782^

and if the eftimate of the faid work (hall be likely to exceed the fum of five thoufand pounds in the whole, the faid commiflion-crs of the treafury may and (hall diredt the faid furveyor to contract for the execution of the faid work; and, fo often as it (hall appear expedient to the faid furveyor or comptroller of s	buildings,	or	that	he (hall receive orders from the lord cham-

berlain for that purpofe, he may and (hall report upon and con-troul the execution of the faid work in all its parts, and at all times during the progrefs thereof: provided always. That it (hall not be lawful for the faid furveyor, architect, or builder, to make any contract as aforefaid conclufively, until the fame (hall be approved by the commifiioners of the treafury, nor to make any addition to the .expence exceeding one thoufand pounds above the plan or edimate, until the fame (hall be approved by the faid commifiioners of the treafury.

IX.	And be it enaCted, That if, on complaint made to the commifiioners of the treafury, or if otherwise they (hall fee caufe, it (hall and may be lawful, before any payment upon fw^ny^dich1 account any works as aforefaid be made, for the commiffion-worksf may crs of the treafury to order the faid work to be furveyed by 1 order the fame builder of credit not concerned in any of the publick works; to be furvey- who (hall be called in, and allowed one pound per day for his trouble, and (hall certify to the (aid commifiioners of the treafury, upon oath, (which oath the faid commifiioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), that the work hath been executed, as far as the fame hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable manner, and with good and durable materials : and in cafe the faid commifiioners of the treafury (hall not be fatisfied with the expence or goodnefs of the works, they (hall, and are hereby authorized to make fuch delay or abatement as, on fuch their enquiry, (hall appear juft and expedient ; any thing in this aCt contained, or any law or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Where ex- X. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in

Cbmmifiioa-ers of the treafury, be-

ad,

pences (lull be pH works, the expence whereof (hall be under one thoufand pound, the faid furveyor (hall, previous to his receiving any payment, produce vouchers of his expences adtually made, together with the grounds and reafons for his having incurred the laid expences, to the faid lord chamberlain, who (if he (hall approve the fame) (hall certify the whole of the charge to the treafury from time to time for payment.

XI.	And be it enabled, That the faid lord chamberlain (hall . keep an account of all clerks and workmen conftantly or ordi-

plid^monSily! nar*ty employed in the royal palaces, and (hall, once in every *	y*	month, certify to the treafury their numbers and wages, in or-

der that a monthly payment may be made to them.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no new works in his Majefty’s parks or gardens, the expence of which may exceed in the whole five hundred pounds above the ordinary charge, (an account of which ordinary charge is hereby directed to be laid quarterly before the commifiioners of the

treafury)i

under t.oool vouchers to be produced to the lord chamberlain.

Clerks, See. in the royal

No new works in his Ma-jefty’s parks, Sec. above a limited fum, to be URder-

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anno vlcefinio ftclindo Gfion&ri lit fc. 8i.

treafory), (hall be undertaken or performed without an order taken without

under his Majefty’s fign manual, and without an eftrmate ap- <i^aicftr0m

proved and ordered to be executed by the faid commiflioners' of m y#

the treafury, who (hall iflue, or cauie to be iflued, the money

for the execution of the fame, as well as for the (aid ordinary

charge; which is hereby directed to be paid onde a month to

the furveyor of his Majefty’s gardens.

XIII.	And be it hereby enadted by the authority aforefald, Puraityre, That the furniture, pidtures, plate, and all other rhoveable* plate, &c. to whatfoever, formerly under the care and management of the ^“"fement office of great wardrobe, or other wardrobe or jewel office, or Qf the lord any of them, (hall be hereafter committed to the care and ma- charfifcrlainj naeement of the lord chamberlain.

XIV.	And it is hereby enadted and provided, That when- Work forever his Majefty (hall be pleafed to order, for the ufe of any of mcrlX u"<!cr his Majefty’a palaces, or for any other houfe, any of fuch fur- ^cr^r^la°® niture or goods as were formerly under the diredtion of the wardrobe, office of great wardrobe, or any fuch other work to be done as > how to be ex-forroerly was done by or under the diredtion of the faid ward- ecuted.

robe, the fame (hall be done and executed (fo far as regards the previous eftimate and fubfequent controul and account) in the. manner by this ad diredted for works undertaken by the fur-teyor of the buildings.

XV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefald, That the The bufinefs duty and bufinefs done, or which might legally be done, by the heretofore late commiflioners of trade and plantations, and all authorities, ^ c powers, and jurifdidtions, given to the faid commiflioners, by trade, to be any ad or adts of parliament, may and (hall be held and exer- executed by a cifed under the former diredtions and trufts by any committee committee of or committees of his Majefty’s privy council, which his Majefty

(hall be pleafed to diredt and appoint, during his royal pleafure, without any falary, fee, or penflon, to the members thereof, for holding and exercifing the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Publick mo.

That all (urns of publick money, that now are in the difpofition nc>r und*r or under the management of the lords of trade and police in ^”fcglord» &nW, be, and the fame are hereby diredted to be under the of trade and management and in the difpofal of the convention of royal police in Scot-burghs in Scotland, with the fame powers, and under the fame lan^» t0 be limitations and trufts, by which the fame now are or may be management difpofed and managed.	of the con-

XVII.	And) for the better regulation of the granting of penfiom, vention

onitbe prevention of abuje or excefi therein, be it enadted, Thar, royal burghs, from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hun- Regulations dred and eighty-three, no penfion exceeding the fum of three relative to buodred pounds a year, (hall be granted to or for the ufe of	°*

anyone perfon; and that the whole amount of the pendant pfn n * granted in any one year, (hall not exceed fix hundred pounds ;

a lift of which, together with the names of the perfons to whom the dune are granted, (hall be laid before parliament in twenty bp after tbchdgioaidgof each feflion, until the whole penfion

La	lift

Digitized by Google

I4&	Anno vicefitrto fecundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1782.

lift (hall be reduced to ninety thoufend pounds; which fum it (hall not be lawful to exceed by more than five thoufand pounds in the whole of all the grants: nor (hall any penfion, to be granted after the faid redudion, to or for the ufe of any one perfon, exceed the fum of one thoufand two hundred pounds yearly, except to his Majefty’s royal family, or on an addreft of either houfe of parliament.

XVIII.	And whereas it bath been ufual that perfons who havefervti the crown in foreign courts have, after the expiration of their ftrvicty at bis Majefifs fleafiere, received fuch proportion of their former appointments as to his Majefly bate feemei expedient; be it enaded, Nat to extend That nothing in this ad contained relative to penfions, (hall be toperfon»who conftrued to extend to fuch allowance, either in prefent or in the crown	future; provided the faid perfons do not fcverally enjoy feme

in foreign	place or other profit from the crown, to the amount of the pest-

coiirtt. fion ufually allowed in fuch cafes; provided that the lift of tire faid penfions (haU be laid, in the manner before mentioned, before parliament.

XIX.	And whereas much confufim and expence did arife firm having penfions paid at various places y and by various perfons; and a cuftom hath prevailed of granting penfions on a private liftduring bis Majefty*s pleafure, upon a fuppofition that in fome cafes it may not it expedient for the publick good to divulge the names of the perfims in the find hft% or that it may be difagreeable to the perfons recdvini fitch payments to have it known that their difirejjes are fo relieved, or for Javing the expence of fees and taxes on f mall penfions; by mem of which faid ufage. fecret and dangerous corruption may hereafter bt praflized: and whereas it is no difparagement for any perfons to bt relieved by the royal bounty in their dijlrefs, or for their defert, fot, on the contrary, it is honourable, on juft caufe, to be thought worthy of reward: be it therefore cruded by the authority aforefaid. All penfions That no penfion whatfoever, on the civil cftablilhment, (ball Kft teTbe^id ^erea^ter Pa*d ^ut at tlie exchequer, and in the fame manner at the exche- as l^°^c penfions which are now paid and entered at the exchequer.	quer, under the head, title, and description of Penfions, and

with the name of the perfon to whom, or in truft for whom, the faid penfion is granted; and that thofe which are transferred thither by this ad (hall be fubjed to no taxes or fees whatfoever, except the taxes and fees to which before this ad they were fubjed; any ftatute, law, ar ufage, to the contrary not-withftanding: nor (hall any penfion hereafter to be granted be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on penfions to the paymafter of the penfions. Pfovifar	XX. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall reftrain,

or be conftrued to reftrain, the high treaiurer, or firft commif-fioner of the treafury, for the time being, by his Majefty’s con-fent, from taking away, or caufing to be taken away, from the private lift or lifts of penfions, the names and penfions of any perlon or perfons which at prefent are entered on the faid pri-ttSfi. tr~ vate lift or lifts, or any of them.

ftircr,&c.msy XXI. Provided alib. That it (hall and may be tawfel for the

Digitized by

Google

*4f

return into the exchequer any penfion, without the name of the penfioner, on taking the following oath}

1782.] Anno vicefimo ftcundo GeoUgii III. c. 82.

high tfeafarer, or firft comnaifBoner of the trcafiiry for the time biting, to return into the exchequer wy penfion or annuity, without the name of the perfon to whom the fame is payable, on takipg an oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one baron of the exchequer, or before the curfitor baron, in the form following:

I A. B. do fwear, Thaty according to the beft of my knowledge, be-lief and information, the penfion or penfionr, or annuity or an-wt 'w% returnod without a name by me into the exchequer, is or an fat, direCily or indirectly, for the benefit, vfe, or behoof of any mem-her of the boufe of commons, nr, fo far as 1 am concerned, applicable, iireflly or indirectly, to the purpofe of fupporting or procuring an in-terejl in any plan rotuming members to parliament.

So help mo GOD.

XXII.	And it is hereby cnaAed, That on taking the faid which pen-oath, the penfion or penfions, annuity or annuities afoedaid, lion, Ike. 4M (hall be paid at the exchequer to the order of the high treafurer,	to hit

or firft commifiloner of the treafury, for the time being, and or er* bit receipt fhall be accepted and taken as an acquittance for the fame.

XXIII.	Provided further, and be it ena&ed, That if any Oath to be fuch fccret penfion (hall continue in the faid lift for more than take“ wb*tt five years, the high treafurer, or firft commiflioner of the trea- ^nfion'fhatl fury, or one of the fecretaries, or one of the chief clerks of the continue in treasury, for the time being, (hall make oath, before fuch pen- the lift mere fion (hall be paid at the exchequer, that he does believe that the tbatt *vc perfon for whofe ufc the faid penfion or annuity hath been ycan’ granted is living.

XXIV.	Andy for preventing as much as may be all abufes in the iijpofal of monies iffued under the head of fecret fervice money, or mo-nej for fpedal fervice 5 be it enacted by the authority afore fa id.

That it (hall not be lawful to iffuc or impreft from the cxche- Payment of qoer, or order to be paid by a treafury warrant, or under fign fccret fervice qsanual, or otherwife, to any fecretary or fecretaries of the trea-fary, or to any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, from the 11	'

civil Jift revenues, for the purpofe of fccret fervice within this kingdom, any fum or fums of money which in the whole lhall exceed the fum of ten thoufand pounds in any one year.

XXV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That cianfe relative when it fhall be deemed expedient by the commilBoners of his to foreign Mqe&y’s treafury, or the high treafuter, for the time being, to feeret fervice ifliie, or in aay manner to direct the payment of any fum or mon,y’ foot of money from the civil lift revenues, for foreign fecret fervice, the Came (hsH be iffued and paid to one of his Majefty’s principal fectetaries of ftate, or to the firft commiflioner of the admiralty; and the faid fecretary or fecretaries of ftate, or firft com<D®aner of the admiralty, fhall, for his difeharge at the exchequer, within three years from the ifluing the faia money,	r

^ 3	Googl<	Produc«

f5&	Anno	viceftmo	lecundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1789.

produce the receipt of his Majefty’g tninifter, commiflioner, or conful, in foreign parts, or of any commander in chief or other commander of his Majefty-s navy or land forces, to whom the faid money (hall have been fent or given, that the fame hath been received for the purpofe for which the fame Irtth been iffued; which faid receipt (hall, and is hereby direded to be filed in the exchequer, in order to charge the faid tninifter, commiflioner, conful, or commander of his Majefty’s land or fea forces, with the fame; and the faid receipt, on proof of the hand writing, (hall be fufficient to acquit and difcharge the faid fecretary or fecretaries, or firft commiflioner of the admiralty, in their faid account at the exchequer.

Foreign mini- XXVI. And be it enabled, That any foreign tninifter, confers, &c. to ful, or commander of his Majefty’s land or fea forces, who (hafl account for	charged at the exchequer for or by reafon of any fccret

wUhin aDyear fcrv>cc money by him received, (hall (land difcharged and scatter their quitted thereof, if, within one year after his arrival in Great arrival in Britain, he (hall either return the faid money into the cache-Creat Britain, qucr> or make oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, in the form following;

I A. B. da /wear, That I have difburftd the money, intmftei /# me for foreign fecret fervice, faithfully, according to the intent and purpofe1 for whub it was given, according to my befi judgement^ far bit MajeJly's fervice.

So help m$ GOD.

3CXVII. Provided always, That whenever it (hall be nccef-fary for the principal fecretary or fecretaries of ftate, or firft men't'ot any" CAmmifl^oi^r of the admiralty, to make payment of any money fecret fervice ilfucd for foreign fecret fervice, or for fecret fervice in dete&ing, money, (hail preventing, pr defeating, treasonable or other dangerous con-°c 0^n as	/piracies a gain ft jthfc ftate in any place within this kingdom, then

fel Veieofi n bc ^u®c*cnt 10 a®d difcharge the faid fecretary or ' -	•*	fecretaries,	or firft commiflioner of the admiralty, for fcch Se-

cretary or fecretaries, or the under fecretary of ftate in the office to which fuch fecret fervice money hath been paid, or for the firft commiflioner of the admiralty, or the fecretary of the admiralty, to make oath, before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, or before the curfltor baron, in the form following:

The oath. T A. B. do [wear, That the money paid to mo for foreign fecret fee• X vice, or for fecret fervice in detecting, preventing, or defectsqf, treafonable, or other dangerous confpiracies againft the ftate, [mu-tatis mutandis, as the cafe may be], has been bona fide opplied to the faid purpofe or purpofes, and to ho other $ and that it both not • appeared to me convenient to the ftqte that the fame Jhouldie pojti abroad.

So help me GOD.

Digitized by Google	^XVIIL

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.ffa.	451

XXVIII.	And, to avoid all confufion in accounts nlativo to the No dated Cum jeidfecret fervice, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That !° **

the certain dated fums of money now paid to his Majedy’s prin- faikcm** cipal fecret a ries of date, under the name of fecret fervice money, nejr. but which are commonly reputed and employed as part of the Salary of the faid office, be no longer entered or paid under that defeription or for that account; but the fame, for fo long as his Majefty (hall pleafe to continue the whole or any part thereof*

(hall be given under the name of falary, fee, or allowance: and that hereafter no certain or dated fum be given or allowed for the faid fecret fervice out of his Majedy’s civil lid revenues} but, when any monies for fecret fervice (hall be deemed necef-fary by the commiffioners of his Majedy’s treafury, the fame (hall be iffued, by their direction, to the officer or officers afore* faid, as the occauon (hall require, according as is herein-before dire&ed and provided.

XXIX.	And be it enaded. That whenever any fum or fums Sum* of money (hall be iffued for the purpofe of any fpecial fervice,

or (hall be given without provifion of annual or other dated to be entered

payment, but in a grofs fum or fums, as to any Secretary or fe- in a.book*

cretarics of the treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for the

ufe of any perfon or perfons for fpecial fervice, or as of royal

bounty, the faid fum or fums of money, together with the fpe*

cial fervice or Services, or as royal bounty, to which the fame

is or are applied, as alfo the name of the perfon or perfons to

whom the (aid money for fervice or of bounty as aforelaid it

paid, (hall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe in

the treafury, in order to be produced to either houfe of parlia*

mem, if required.

XXX.	Andy for the better prevention of all practice by which fucb Irents os of bounty may be made a colour under which penfions may be fubftantiafly granted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

oQy it is hereby enacted. That any fum or fums of money fo Grants of given as of royal bounty, to any perfon more than once in three toba^* years, the lame is and (hall be reputed a pennon or penfions to m^cd pea-, all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	fans,

XXXI.	And whereas the tftablifbment of an invariable order in the payment of falaries and other charges on the civil lift, will enable tbgji who have the charge thereof the better to provide for the feveral fervices to which the faid civil lift revenues ought to be applied, and will be the means to prevent the incurring of debt for the future, and the following order feems juft and equitable for that purpofe; that is U fay, firft, the penfions and allowances of th$ royal family; fecond-h, the payment of the falaries of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, lord beeper or lords commiffioners of the great foal, the fpeaker of the boufe of commons, and judges of tbo courts of King's bench ana common pleas, and barons of the exchequer, the chief juflica ^Cbefter, and the juftices of tbo courts of great feffion in the principality #/Wales; thirdly, the falaries of the miniflers to foreign courts, being rejident at the faid courts; fourthly, the approved bills tf oil tradefmon, artificers, and labourers, for any articles fupplied,

L4	or

m

The payments of the civil lift revenues to be divided into regular clajlcs.

Ko penfion, &c. to be paid put qf courfe.

. i. ti.

f arrear! fb)r wo year$ to le extjnguiPi-

Feet ptyibje to be dilpoled pf by the pommiflionera pf the treaty*

Anno yicefjmo fecttndo Georgii III. o. Si. f 178*.

jr xviri done yfor bis Mcjefifs fervice ; fifthly * The mtkial fervent* in bis Majejlys houfekold« fixtb1y9 The penfion fifty beginning with the fmalleft ptnfuns; /event hly9 The falflries of all ether plates pay* foie out of the civil lift revenues, beginning with the leweji j'eighthly\ The /diaries and pen/sons of the high trea/urer or (ommijjiomrs of the treajury, and chancellor of the exchequer I be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the commifiioners of the treafury (hall, on or beforp the fifth day of April9 one thou find fevfcft hundred and eighty-three, draw out a plan of the'eftablifhments and payments of the faid civil lift revenues in clafles, according jo the order herein mentioned, arranging by eftimate the expenct cf each clafs, and of each individual office in each dafs; and that fuch plan (hall be (igned by the faid commilfioriers^ and deposed with the clerk of the houfe of commons* on or before the faid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred fend "eighty-three; and that, from and after the faid fifth day of April, all fums of money which (hall become due and payable put of the faid civil lift revenues, for any of the pyrpofes afore* faid, (hall be p?id ip the order apd according to the plan herein mentioned.

XXXII. And it is hereby enabled, That it (hall not be law* ful for the commiftioners of the treafury to direct the paymeot ,of any falary or penfion whatsoever, to be made under fjgn manual or otherwife, until the bills, falaries, and penfions of aU thofe who are entitled, according to the foregoing prder, are firft discharged, or ca(h fet apart in the exchequer fufficient 10 an* fwer the whole demand in the preceding claflcs: provided, that pothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the commifiioners of the treafury from ordering all pccafional payments, for which warrants ate yfoally granted at (the treafury, and which are not comprehended in the defies and descriptions aforefaid, to be made according to their difcrction* and as the circumftapces of the cafp may ip elycir judgement require.

w XXXIII. And be .it enabled by the authority aforefaid) That, from and after the. fifth day of Aprils one thoufand fevcq hundred and eighty-three, if any falary, fee, or penfion, or 4py part thereof, (hall remain in arrear at theufual time of payment, at the end of a period of two years, from want of calh belonging to the civil Ijft revenue ro pay and difcharge the fame, the faid arrear of falary, fee, or penfion, (hall not be carried as 0 debt to the account of the year following, but (hall be wholly Japfed and extinguiftipd, as if the fame had not been payable* And whbftas it is intended that'all favings from/ale-fits find fees of the offices by this 08 fuppreffedy jbauld be applied rtf fid of the civil l\fl exptnces9 which are neceffiary, and which, by ibe appropriation hereafter tnpde, art in fbme nwfitre finritfnedy be it exacted, That a!) fee® hitherto payable, and by this not excepted, on any payments within the cifd lift revenue*) do dill Continue to be paid, and remain for tht dtJjpofel pf the eopuntf? jflPhqr# pf the treafpry.

Digitized by

Google

ijfi.] Anno vicefimo fecuikto Gbojlqu IU. e.	i jj

XXXV.	And be it erta&td, That the commifikmsrs of thO Book* to be treafury (hall caufc a regular book or books to be kept, for the Vpt for ***• charges of each of the dafies and articles aforefaid, diftifcdtly esch^afie and apart; and it is hereby diredted, that the refult of payment in the (aid fevcral books contained (hail, in an orderly manner, and according to the ufual method in which fair accounts are Upt» be entered in a feparatc book at the cod of each yeer, and the fame being oppofed to the receipt of the civil lift cadi, a balance (hail be ftruck upon the whole.

. XXXVI. And whereas, upon aboli/hing tbi ftvcral offices fnp* prtfiei by this aft, fitndry ptrftns, who may have held their offices by patent jor kfe, or may hove legally, or according to the courje bf of• ftt, pMrchafed the fame for a valuable cenfideratisn, and may Juffer bordjbip by the fuppreffion thereof: and whereas others, though not within the fame defer ipt ion, who have diligently and faithfully extent* tilbeir feveral Jubotdinate office* for hit Majefly's fervice, and by jack fuppreffion will be reduced to dtfirefsful or indigent cirtwnflances % be it enadted by the authority aforefoid, That the commiffioners Provifion to of the treafury may, and they are hereby knpowered, to allow be made for to every perfon feverally who holds his office by patent for life* j£rl patent”* or who has purchafed his place in the manner before mention* n\fmr &c. ed, an annuity equal to the legal emoluments of his faid office; and alfo to allow to other perfons in the fubordinate offices afordaid, upon examination into the circutnftances and behaviour of the faid perfons, fuch annuities fevtrally as the com* imiBooers of the treafury (hall think equitable and juft, for thd fupport and maintenance of fach perfon or perfons, until he or . they (hall be provided for in his Majelly** fervicc, according to his or their abilities and merit.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore**

kid, That whatever'is diredted by this adt to be done or tranf* Powers grant.

add by the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s treafury, may be, by this a&

and’ the fame is hereby required and diredted to be done and

tranfadted by the high treafurer for the time being, or by ftach tj,e treafury,

commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three (hall be veiled

or more of them; and all powers and authorities wbatfoever, in the high

by this adt granted to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s tret-

fury, are hereby* alfo declared to be veiled in the high treafurer ingt lmc

for the time being, and in fuch commiffioners of the treafury

for the time being, or any three or more of them.

XXXVIII.	And whereas there was due and owing on the fifth Recital of the ley of April, one thoufand Jeven hundred and eighty-two, at the re- civil lilt debt nipt of the exchequer, for the expenoeef his Majlfifs civil govern* on APnl 5» mt, the film of two hundred ninety five thoufand eight hundred and17 fiuntten pounds, eighteen Jhillings, and four-pence farthing : uni

totems it is expedient, and may facilitate the introduction of 4 pro-per oeconomy in the future management of the dvH Hfi revenues, that the faid fum of two hundred ninety-five thoufand eeght hundred ami [tomtom pounds, eighteen /billings, and four-pence far thing, fhouki be paid and dsfehqrged with ail poffible /peed, OHd thdt tboincmafe of

prevented for the future;

Digitized by VjOOQlC

Exchequer bills to be made out for payment thereof.

154	Anno vicefimo feeundo GeoRGII III. c. 82. [1782.

future: and whereas it bath been refohedy That a fum net exceeding three hundred thoufend pounds be raifed forhaying off and difcbarging the debts due and owing upon the civil lift on the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two: now, to the end that no want or failure 'may happen or be made in fuch grant, and the application of the fame, and for the better fupplying the faid Aim of three hundred thoufand pounds in the moft effectual manner for the purpofes aforefaid; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and fdr the com mi (Goners of the treafury, by their warrant or warrants, to direct or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer any number of exchequer bills, in the fame manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules or directions, as in and by an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, An ad for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax% to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-two)t are enafted and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made out in purfuance of the faid aft, and to be made forth for fuch fum or fums of money as they (hall think moft proper and convenient, fo as all the principal monies to be contained in the faid bills, to be made by virtue of this aft, do not exceed in the whole the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Afl th* pro- (aid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privi-ht^cto^cx-6* kSP5* ^vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, con-ebequer bills Gained in the faid aft, (intituled, An aft for granting an aid to hit m the land # Mytfty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain,/or the ftruict ntxaft of this pf the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two), relating to ***** m~- the exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame aft, (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft}, (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all. intents and purpofes, as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated aqd rerenafted in the body of this prefent aft; and the ^ commiffioners of the treafury are hereby authorized and ira-' powered to caufe the faid exchequer bills, to be made out as aforefaid, to be placed as fo much ca(h in the chefts of the re-fpeftive tellers of the receipt of the exchequer, and to direft the faid tellers to iflue money for the purpofes of this aft in lieu thereof.

The (aid bills ' XL. Acid be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all to be charged the exchequer bills which (hall be made in purfuance of this aft, on the rare- and all the charges and expences incident to or attending the gate fund. lame, in any manner whatfoever, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary revenues* wd any other the duties and revenues which do or (lull

compofe

Digitized by

Jeffipn* extended to thofe made in purfuance of this aft.

*55

1782.I	Anno vlccfimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 83.

compofe the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or anv of them, (after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fucn luoi and fums of money as have been directed by any former ad or ads of parliament to be paid out of the fame, except the payments direded thereout by the ads of the firft and (even* teenrh years of his prefent Majefty’s reign), but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the faid fund.

XLI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That there sa,cool. to be Stall be regularly fet apart and applied, at the receipt of tfie ex- applied, qoar-chequer, out of the faid duties and revenues compofing the faid fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, the fum of twelve fund,1towards thoufand five hundred pounds on each and every quarterly day payingoffths of payment in the year ; (that is to fay). The fum of twelve laid bill* thoufand five hundred pounds on the tenth day of Oflober j twelve thoufand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of Jams* try, twelve thoufand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of April; and twelve thoufand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of July; (the firft quarterly payment to be applied and made on the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* two)} for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging the (aid exchequer bills, until the whole fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in manner aforefaid, with the charges attending the fame, (hall be completely paid off, can* celled, and discharged: and the faid fum of twelve thoufand five hundred pounds, fo to be fet apart, iffued, and paid each quarter for the purpofes aforefaid, mall be deemed, taken, and underftood to be in diminution of the refpe&ive annuities of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and of one hundred thoufand pounds, granted to his Majefty out of the (aid duties and revenues, by the (aid acts of the firft and Seventeenth years of his prefent Majefty*! reign, for the Support of his Majefty9s household, and of tne honour and dignity of the crown of Great Bri-toiu; but in cafe of the demife of his Majefty (whom God long prefcrve 1) before the whole of the faid exchequer bills, amount* ing to three hundred thoufand pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then Such of the faid bills as (hall remain uncancelled (hall, from the quarter day next preceding fuch demife, be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out oft the hereditary revenues of the crown.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An afl for tbe better relief and employment of the poor.

1I7HEREAS notwithjlonding the many laws now in being for the Preamble,

VV relief and emloyment of tbe poor, and the great fums of money wfii for theft purpofes, their fufftrings and dijlreffes are nevertbehft very grievous; and, by the incapacity, negligence, or mifeondutt of oyer•

Iters, tbe money raifed for tbe reUef of the poor is frequently mfap^ find, and fometimes expended in defraying the (barges of

Digitized by Google

i5<>	Anno	ricefimo	fecunda	Georoii	III. c. 83* [1782,

about Jet figments indifcrtetly and unadvifedly carried on: and whereas* Recital of by a claufe in an aft* puffed in the ninth year of the reign of King 9 Geo. 1. c. 7. George the Firji* intituled* Att ad for the amendment of the Jaws relating to the fettlement, employment, and relief of the poor, power is given to the churchwardens and overfeers* in the man-tier therein mentioned* to purchafe or hire houfes* and contraft with any perfon for the lodging* keeping* maintaining* and employing the poor* and taking the benefit of their work* labour* and jcrvice* for their , > .	maintenance	$	W,	where	anyparijh, tow, <?r toumjhip* /2w// /ward

-:	fmall* tffl/7/ /uv more for thofe purpofes* tw7/b confent of

the major part of the parijbioners or inhabitants*	approbation

I	of a juftice of peace;	provifions*from the want of proper regu-

j	and management in the poor houfes or workhoufes that have been

pur chafed or hired under the authority 0/ the faid aft, and for want cf due injpeftion and tontroul over the perfons who have engaged in thofe contrails* have not had the defired effeft* but the poor in many places* injlead of finding proteftion and relief* have been much of* prejfed thereby: for remedy of thefe grievances and inconveni-*	cnees,	and	in	order to make better and more effedual provifion

for the relief and employment of the poor, and to introduce a prudent oeconomy in the expenditure of the parifh money; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the .advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-;moAS> in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of •March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufano fovea hundred and eighty-three, fo much of the faid claufe as re-jfpedts the maintaining or hiring out the labour of the poor by contract, within any parifh, townfhip, or place, which (hall .adopt the provifions of this ad, (hall he, and is hereby repealed, and every contrad or agreement made in purfuance thereof, for either of thofe purpofes, (hall become, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the vifitor and guardian, or vjfitors and guardians, appointed as hereafter mentioned, of any parifh, townftup, or place, or parities, townfhips, and places, which and clothing, (hall h^ve adopted the provifions and complied with the require..of perfons files of this a&, and (hall have a vifitor appointed, from time to time to make agreements with any perfon or perfons for the diet or cloathing of fuch poor perfons who (hall be fent to the houfe or houfes to be provided tinder the authority of this ad, and for the workuand labour of fuch poor perfons, fo that no fuch agreement mail be made for any longer time than twelve months, and fo that the fame (hall be, and every fuch agreement is hereby declared to be, under the ftrideft infpedion a,nd controul efche . vifitor, guardian, and governor of fuch poor houfe, and alfeof thejufticesof the ppace for the limit where fuch poor houfe (hall be 5 two of which juftkes, cqpon proof of $ny abufe, (hall hive ; fow^r to difiolve {*& coauad,	. *

x. .	UI»And

Digitized by Google

Part thereof repealed.

Victors and guardians may make agreements for the diet

fent to the poor houfes.

1782.] Anno vicelimo fccundo GeoRGII III. c. 83.	15/

III.	And be it further enaded,That whenever two third parts. Conditions on in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any pa- to tJ^ * rifh, townfhip, or place, qualified as hereafter mentioned, (hall, benefits of at any time after the palling this ad, at a publick meeting to be this aft. holden purfuant to the diredions of this ad, fignify their approbation of the provifions herein contained, and their defire to adopt them, in the form contained in the fchedule hereunto an-	1

nexed, No. I, and (hall at fuch meeting noipinate and recommend to the confederation of the jtrftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, diftfid, city, town, or place, where ffich meeting (hall be holden, three able and difereet perfons qualified for guardians of the poor for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, and three other fit and proper perfons qualified to be go-	'

vernors of the poor houfe for fuch parifh, towqfhip, or place, and fix the falaries to be paid to fuch guardian and governor re-fpc&ively, and (hall procure the confent and approbation of two juftkres of the peace ading for that limit, to fuch agreement and falaries, by writing under their hands, in the forms contained in the fchedule, No. II, and (hall caufc fuch agreement to be regiftered purfuant to the diredion of this ad; every	J

foch parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall from that time be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arife or be derived from this ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That where two third parts, Two or more in number and value as aforefaid, of the owners or occupiers of parifhe* may lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within two or more pa- unite, with rithes, townfhips, or places, fo qualified as aforefaid, (hall think fit, with fuch approbation as aforefaid, fignified in like manner	fa

under the hands of two juftices of the peace, and fubferibed at the purpofes the foot of the faid agreement, in the form exprefled in the faid of thUad. fchedule, No. II, at the end of the form of the faid agreement, to unite for the purpofes of this ad, and (hall fignify their inclination and defire fo to do at a publick meeting holden in each of fuch parifhes, townfhips, and places, in the manner hereinbefore direded concerning a fingle parifh, in the form contained in the faid fchedule, No. Ill, an agreement (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch publick meetings (hall have been' holden, be entered into by the guardians of the poor of every fuch parifh, townfhip, and place refpedively, or the major part of them, in the form or to the effed fet forth in the faid fchedule, No. IV, which agreement (hall be binding upon the feve-ral parties; and every fuch agreement lhall lpecify the place.	^

where fuch houfe or houfes (hall be fituate, and the terms upon which fuch agreement is made, and (hall be entered with the clerk of the peace or town clerk of the county, city, town, or diftrid, in which fuch parifhes, townfhips, or places, (hall be fituate, and a copy thereof left with him within three calendar months after the time of making fuch agreement, in the form or to the effed mentioned in the faid fchedule, No. V, for which entry every fuch clerk (hall receive one (hilling, and no morb;

o	and

Digitized by GooqIc

«5S

Pariihetmore than 10 miles Aiftant from the poor houfe excluded.

Notice for meetings to be given in the church, &c.

Qualification ot voters.

Juftices to appoint a guar-dun tor each pariih, &c.

Duty and powers of the

guaidian.

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III# c* 83. [1782*

and from that time every fiich parifh, townfhip, and place, fa agreed to be united, (hail be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arife or be derived from this adt.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed* That no parifh, townfhip, hamlet, or place, which (hall be fituate more than ten miles from any poor houfe or workhoufe to be provided under the authority of this ad, (hall be permitted to be united, for the purpofes aforefaid, with the parithes, townfhips, hamlets, and places, which (hall eftablifh fuch poor houfe or workhoufe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the notice for every publick meeting diredted by this adt, (hall be given in the church or chapel of every fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, on three fuc-ccflive Sundays before the time of fuch meeting, immediately after divine fervice, or on fuch of the faid Sundays as fervice (hall be performed there, and alfo fixed in writing on fuch church or chapel door, or if no church or chapel, at fome publick place within any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, where notices of pariih bufinefs have been ufually given, fifteen days at lead before the day to be appointed for fuch meeting, in the form or to the effedt mentioned in the faid fchedule. No. VI; and that no per* fon (hall vote at any publick meeting to be holden for the purpofes of this adt, unlefs he or (he (hall be the owner or occupier of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which lhall be affefled to the poor's rates, within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, after the rate of five pounds per annum, at the lead ; nor (hall any fuch perfon vote as occupier, unlefs he or (he (hall be affefled or pay to fuch poor’s rates: provided always, That in all parifhes, townfhips, or places, wherein there (hall not be ten periods pof-feffed of the qualification aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful for every perfon who (hall be affefled, or (hall pay to fuch poor’s rates, to vote at every fuch meeting.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and maybe lawful for two judices of the peace of the limit where fuch poor houfe (hall be, or be fo agreed to be Gtuated, and they are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch agreement (hall have been made as aforefaid, upon application to them by two or more of the perfons who lhall have figned fuch agreement, and upon producing the fame to them, to appoint one of the perfons fo recommended to be guardian of the poor for each of fuch parifhes, townfhips, and places, in the form contained in the faid fchedule. No. V1T, or to that or the like effedt; and every fuch guardian (hall attend the monthly meetings hereby directed to be holden, and execute the feveral powers and authorities given to guardians by this adt, and (hall have, and is hereby inverted with, all the powers and authorities given to overfeers of the poor by any other adt or adts of parliament,and lhall to all intents and purpofes, except with regard to the making and colledting of rates, be an overfeer of the poor for the pariih or townftiip for which he (hall be fo appoint*! guar-

1782.} Anno viccfimo fecundo Gsorgii III. c. 83.	1551

dian, and (hall be liable to Juch forfeitures and penalties for ncgleft of duty as overfeers of the poor are made liable to by this or any other alt of parliament 3 and all notices or appli^ cations directed by this or any other aft of parliament to be given or made to the overfeers of the poor, with refpe^fc to the care and management or removal of the poor, (hall be given and made to the guardian of the poor, where any fuch guardian (hall be appointed under the authority of this alt; but in cafe any orders of removal or notices (hall happen, by miftake, to be given or fent to the churchwarden or overfeer, the fame (hall be as valid and effectual as if given to the guardian 3 and fuch churchwarden or overfeer (hall, and is hereby required forthwith to deliver the fame to the guardian, or (hall forfeit forty (hillings for his negleft: and in all cafes where fuch guardian of the poor (hall be appointed as aforefaid, neither the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor (hall interfere or intermeddle in the care and management of the poor, but (hall continue to have and be invcfted with the fame powers of making and col-Jcding poor’s rates as they have at prefent, and (hall be fubjeft: to the like penalties for negleft or milbehaviour in making and colkfting fuch rates as they were at the time of palling this aft.

VIIL And be it further enafted, That from and after the Charchwar-appointment of fuch guardian as aforefaid, one or more of the jjJjJ £ churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of every parilh, town* the poor's (hip, or place, which (hall adopt the provifions of this aft, who rate.

(hall be approved at fome publick meeting to be holden as aforefaid, (hall receive the money to be collefted by virtue of fuch poor’s rates, and apply the lame in manner following; (that is How to be 10 fay). If fuch parilh, townlhip, or place, (hall not be united W1*4* with any other by virtue of this aft, fuch churchwarden or over-leer (hall pay to the guardian of the poor fuch fums, from time to time, as he (hall have occafion to employ for the purpofes of difeharging. the bills, and all other neceflary expenccs attending fuch houfe or houfes, and the poor belonging to fuch parilh, townlhip, or place, and (hall take receipts from fuch guardian for ill the money fo paid, exprefling in every fuch receipt the purpofes for which fuch money is wanted; and if the faid parilh, townlhip, or place, (hall be united with any other parilh, townlhip, or place, by virtue of this aft, fuch churchwarden or overfeer (hall pay, from time to time, to the treafurer of fuch united parilhes, townlhips, Or places, their due proportion and quota of the feveral expences attending the poor and poor boufe therein, under the authority and according to the direftion of this aft, and take his receipts for fuch money 3 or, if it (hall be found more convenient, he (hall permit fuch treafurer, from time to time, to draw drafts upon him for fuch money, in the form contained in the faid fchedule. No. VIII, and pay the fam& when they become due, fpecifying in every fuch receipt and draft the general purpofes for which fuch money is to be applied; all which payments fo to be refpeftively made, (hall be allowed to the (aid churchwarden or overfeer, in his accounts with the pa-*

rifh.

Digitized by L.ooQle

Aano vicellmo fecundo Georgh III. p. 8$.

rUh, townftiip, or place, wherein fucK money (hall be railed 3 and the accounts, as well of the (aid churchwarden or overiecf* as of the laid guardian, (hall be examined at every monthly meeting, and (hall be examined and pafled quarterly by the victor of Tuch poor houfe, after they (hall have been verified uport oath before a juftice of the peace.

Juftices to ap- IX. And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be law-point a go- fal f0F or more juftices of the peace for the limit wherein powhoufe. ^ch POGr houfe be fituatc, and they are hereby required, * as foon as conveniently may be after fuch agreement (hall Imo been made as aforefaid for adopting the provifions of this aft, either by a Angle pari(h or townfhip, or by two or more parifhes or townfhips, upon application made to them by two or more of the perfons who (hall have figned fuch agreement, and upon producing the fame to them, to appoint one of the perfons recommended for governor of fuch poor houfe, (in the form contained in the faid fchcdule. No. VII, or to that or the like cflfedl), who (hall have the care, management, and employment of the poor perfons to be tent thither, and (hall be allowed fuch ftlary or w^ges for his trouble as (hall be fpecified in the faid agreement; and it (hall and may be lawful for the vifitor of fuch poor houfe, with the confent of the guardians, or the major part of them, or for two or more juftices of the peace for fuch limit where a guardian (hall be vifitor, to remove the governor of fuch poor houfe, upon complaint, and fufficient proof, of mifbehaviour or incapacity in the execution of his office. Dire&ioni for X. And be it further enabled, That the guardians of the poor the appoint- for ^e feveral parifties and townfhips which (hall be fo united mentotvwt- gs	(hall mcet as f00n as conveniently may be after

fuch agreement (hall have been made, to confider of three proper perfons, refpc&able in chara&er and fortune, fit to be put in nomination for the office of vifitor of fuch poor houfe \ and two or more of fuch guardians (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch meeting, apply to two juftices of the peace acting for the limit wherein fuch poor houfe (hall be, and produce to them the faid agreement, and the names of the peifons whom they (hall defire to recommend ; which juftices (hall then, or within three days after, appoint one of fuch perfons fo recommended to be vifitor, in the form contained in the faid fche-dule, No. VII, or to that or the like effetf; but if he (hall refute to accept that office, they (hall then appoint one other of the perfons fo named; and if he (hall decline it, they (hall appoint the third perfon named in fuch lift; and if he (hall decline it, the guardians of the faid feveral parifhes, townfhips, and places (hall, and they are hereby required to ferve that office monthly by rotation, fubjeft to the controul of the juftices of Vifitor may 'the limit where fuch poor houfe (hall be : and every fuch vifitor, appoint a if not a guardian, is hereby authorifed to nominate fotnedif-deputy. creet and proper perfon to be his deputy or affiftanr, if he (foil think fit, in the form contained in the faid (chedule. No. IX"; and every fuch deputy or afllftant (hall, in the abfcnce or fuch *	vifitor,

Digitized by Google

Anno viceiimo fecundo GeoAgII III. C. 83;	%6t

vifitor, and ohder his direflion, adt as ihfpedlor of the feveral Blatters fo committed to the care bf the vifitor, and (Hall make his report thereof, from timte to time, to him, for his better in~ formation, and render him all the affiftance in his power: and every vifitor fo to be appolhted (hall fuperintend every fuel) houfe or houfes, and fettle and ddjuft the accounts between the faid guardians of the poor and the treafurer of fuch houfe, if any

Sftion or difpute (hall arife rfcfpe&ing the fanie; and alfo (hall e and adjuft all doubts and queftions which (nay drife concerning the perfons which ought to be font to fuch houfe or houfes, according to the intention of this ddt, ahd by every prudeot means in his power enforce and promote the rules, orders, regulations, diredions, and provifions eftablifhed, enacted, and formed by and under this ad, for the better accommodation md relief of the poor, and the preventing all unneceflary expeaces and burthens on the faid parities, townfhips, and places: and every fuch governor, guardian, and treafurer, is hereby re- Gdveritpr,&c, (juired to obferve and obey the diredtions which he (hall frorti to obey the time to time receive from the vifitor fo to be appointed, touch- vlfitor4 ing the feveral matters aforefaid: and, where any ad (hall bfc

3iired to be done by a juftice of peace, fuch vifitor, if nbt a f ce, or his deputy or affiftant, (hall apply to Tome neighbouring magiftrate to do the fame: and every perfon to be nominated or appointed vifitor or deputy vifitor as aforefaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, (hall be freed and difeharged from ferving the office of conftable, and all parochial offices, and alfo from ferving upon juries at the affizes or quartet1 fetfions, fo long as he (hall continue in that office; and a certificatetunder the hand of a juftice of the peace afiingfor the limit wherein he executes fuch office, in the fornl contained in the faid fchedule, No. X, (hall be admitted as evidence of his ferving the office.	.	.

XI.	And be it further enadled, That if two thirds, in mirtt- Singh*perifas her and value a9 aforefaid, of the owners or occupiers of lands, “fitor ait* tenements, or hereditaments, within any Angle parifh, town- panted;*

(hip, or place, which (hall adopt the provifions of this adt in manner aforefaid, (hall defire to have a vifitor appointed, and (hall nominate and recommend to the juftices of the limit three perfons properly qualified for that office, the juftices, upon application to them in manner aforefaid, (hall appoint one of the perfons To recommended, in the manner herein before diredted concerning parifhes, townfhips, and places fo united as afore** laid.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That the guafdiaris of the A trtafuref t# feveral parifhes and townfhips united for the purpofe9 of this l>e»PP01«cO' a<5, (hail recommend to the juftices one of their oWn body to be treafurer of the poor houfe; and it (hall arid may be lawful for two juftices of the limit to appoint the guardian fo redom-mended, or any other of the guardians whom they (hall think better qualified, to that office, in the form contained in the faid fchedule, No. VII* or to that or the like' effedt* which treafurer His duty*

VoL XXXIV.	M	(hall

Digitized by Google

f6i	Anno	vicefimo	fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

(hall give fufficient fecurity to the fatisfa&ion of the juftices, to the other guardians, and their fucceflors, for his duly accounting for the money which (hall come to his hands; and (hall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each pari(h and townfhip, and pay or difcharge the feveral bills and expences which (hall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and (hall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every fuch meeting, for their perufal and approbation; and (hall, once in every year, within fourteen days before the' Michaelmas quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or place, where fuch poor houfe (hall be fituate, make out, or caufe to be made out, a juft and fair account of the expences attending the fame, diftinguifh-ing them under the feveral heads herein fpecified; and alfo an account of the number of poor perfons, diftingui(hing their age and fex, which (hall be contained in every fuch houfe at the time of making fuch account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which (hall be laid before the vifitor, and fignjfied under his hand, if he approves the fame, and (hall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, or place, before or at the time of the faid quarter feflions, and be by him laid before the court there for their infpe&ion: and every fuch Jreafurer (hall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that of-_	fice, fuch annual fum, not exceeding ten pounds, as the vifitor,

|f not a guardian, (hall think fit ; and if no fuch vifitor, as two juftices of the peace for the limit (hall appoint.

Vacancies oc- XIII. And be it further enaded, That when and as often a; cation ed bv any vacancy (hall happen in any of the offices aforefaid, by cm&c. how ^th, refignation, or removal, meetings (hall be called, and re-to befupplied* commendations offered to the juftices in manner aforefaid; and they (hall proceed, fo Toon as conveniently may be, in the manner before directed, to appoint a fit and proper fucceflbr to the perfon fo dying, declining to a<S, or fo removed as aforefaid.

At what time XIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That the the offices of offices of guardian, governor, Vifitor, or treafurer, to which any governor* &c Per^on	appointed	under the authority of this adt, (hall

thalldeter- * determine in Eajhr week next after the refpedtive perfons (hall mine,	be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the publick meet-

ing for fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, (hall be held there; * wlven the perfons, who, according to this adt, are qualified and have a right to recommend another perfon to the juftices, to be appointed to fuch office, (hall either agree with the perfons who held the fame to continue in fuch office, or (ball proceed to recommend others,’In the manner herein-before directed, as if fuch perfon had died.

Juftices in a X V. And be it further enabled, That if within any fuch limit different limit as aforefaid, wherein any poor houfe (hall be fituate, there (hall may in happen to be no adhng juftice, or only one adlingjuftice of the certain ca cs. pcace> or jf jQftjce or juftices of the peace who ufually a& io

Digitized by Google

t;82.J Anno vicefi^o fecundo Georgii III. C.^83.	163 4

that limit (ball bt abfent, dr by any means incapacitated to aft* it lhall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices of any other limit to a& in all fuch cafes.

XVI.	And be it further enadfed, That it (hall and may be Juftices may lawful for the juftices of the peace, within their refpedHve limits,

to appoint fpecial or privy'feflions for executing the feveral for rxecotii^

powers and purpofes ot this adl, caufipg proper notices to be the powers of

given of the time and place of holding the fame, to the feveral this a^*

juftices of the peace, peace officers, 3nd guardians of the poor,

within fuch refpedtive limits ; and alfo.to adjourn any fuch privy/

fdfions, to be again holden at fuch time and place as they (hall

judge moft proper for di(charging t|ie bufinefs, required by this

aft, and fuch other bufinefs which may happen to fall Under .

their cognizance, fo as to occafion the leaft trouble to themfelves,

and to afford the greateft convenience and accommodation to

the publick, cauung the like notices to be given of every fuch	j

adjournment.	,

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the guardians of the Guardians/* poor of the feveral parifties, townfhips, apd places* which (hall ?

adopt the provifions of this adt, fhall prqyide a fuitable and con- proper*utw

venient houfe or houfes, with proper buildings and accommo- ms, &c.

dauons;thejreto, wfien wpnted, either by eroding new ones on

land to^be purchased or rented by them for that purpofe, altering

old ones, or hiring buildings for the purpofe; and (hall fit up

and diipofe the fapae, with the advice and approbation of the.

vifitor, if any, in fiich manner as (hall be mpft conducive to the

general purpofes ofthisadi, at the expence of fuch pariIh or town-

imp, or parUhes, townfhips, and places, refpedlively, in the pro*,

portions herein-afrgr mentioned; and (hall provide fuch utenfii?

and materials as they (hall think neceffary for their employment*

according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral poor p00r hoofc# houfes or workhoufes to be built or provided under the autho- where to be rity of this a<2, (hall be fituate within the parifti or townfhip for dtuated. which they (hall be ufed, if (ingle parilhes or townfhips, and if

feveral parifhes or townfhips (hall be united for the purpofes of this ad, they (hall be built or provided within one of the pa-, riffles or townfhips fo to be united, and not in any other parifh, townlhip, or place, without the confent of three fourth parts, in number and value as aforefaid, of fuch owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the fame, firft had and obtained, qualified as herein-before mentioned, who (hall bcaflembled at a publick meeting to be holden in the manner, and upon the like notice, herein-before diredlcd for publick meetings.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafled. That all On what con-

the boufes, buiklings, and lands, to be hired or rented under the	land,»

authority of this adf, (hall be hired or rented in fuch manner,	bt

for fuch term or terms, and on fuch conditions* as are fpecified in

the form of agreement contained in the faid fcbedule. No.IV; and all fuch houfes, buildings, and lands, (hall be free from all paro-M 2	chial

Digitized by

1$4	Anno	viccfimo	fccundo	Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

chial and parliamentary taxes, except fuch taxes, and to fuch amount, as they were aflefled at the time they were firft taken and applied for the purpofesof this ad.

Buildings to XX. And be it further enaded. That when any fuch build* be paid	hr by jngs (hall be agreed to be ere&ed, repaired, or fitted up, at the

the guardians, expend 0f the parith, townfliip, or place, or pariihes, townlhips, or places, which (hall adopt the provifions of this ad as aforefaid, the expences thereof, and of the purchafe of the land neceflary to be ufed for that purpofe, (hall be paid by the guar* dians of the poor of fuch parifli, townfliip, or place, or of the pariflies, townfliips, and places, where they (hall unite for thofa purpofes, in the proportions to be fettled and adjufted by the perfons, and in tne manner, direfted by the agreement to be in* made as aforefaid; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the Sweredto01" v>fitor an(* guardian of the poor of any fuch parilh, townfhip, or borrow no* place, when fuch expences, or their proportion thereof, (hall Bcy«	amount	to one hundred pounds or upwards, to borrow the fame

at intereft, and fccure fuch money by a charge upon the poor’s rates of fiich parilh, townfhip, or place, in fums not exceeding fifty pounds each, for the greater eafe in diicharging the fame, in the form contained in the faid fchedule. No. XI, or to that or the like effeft; which charge (hall continue upon the (aid rates until the money fo borrowed, and all intereft for the fame, fhall be fully paid and (atisfied: and the faid guardians and their fucceflors fhall, and they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the intereft of luch money fo to be borrowed, for the ufe of their refpeftive pariihes or townlhips, as the fame (hall become due; and that when the principal (hall be called for, they may borrow it from fome other perfon or perlons; and the fame (hail be fecured to the perfon advancing the fame, by an aflignment of fuch fecurity indorfed on the bank thereof, in the form contained in the faid fchedule. No. XIV, or to that or the like effect: and that the poor’* afleflinents (hall continue at the fame rate they were when fuch poor houfe was firft efta-blifhed under the authority of this aft, until the debt fo con-trafted, and the intereft thereof, (hall be fully difcharged: and that the faid vifitor and guardian, in order to expedite (uch pay-\ ments, (hall, as foon as the favings in the poor’s accounts (hall amount to a fum fufficient to pay oft and difcbarge one of the fums which (hall have been borrowed, pay off and difcharge fuch fum, and in like manner as to all fucceeding favings, until the whole debt fo contrafted and fecured (hall be difcharged.

XXL And be it further enafted, That the vifitor and guardian for the time being of every parilh, townlhip, and place, or of the feveral pariihes, townlhips, and places which (hall be fo united as aforefaid, from and after they (hall refpeftively have adopted the provifions of this aft, (hall be, and are hereby refpeftively declared to be one body politick and corporate, and Their name, be called by the name of Vifitor and Guardian, or, Vif tors and Guardians, of the Poor for the Pari/b, Tqivnfbipi or Place of in the County* &c. of .

Vifitor* and guardian* to be incorporated.

Or, of the united ParifitSi

Digitized by

Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 83*

VmjbtS) TmnJbipSj or Places of

in the County^ &c. of

and



is the cafe (ball be; and are hereby authorized and enabled by that name to fue and be fued, and to accept, take, and hold, by purchafe or leafe, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable oa the death of any life or lives, not exceeding in any city or town one acre, and not exceeding in the open country twenty acres of ftatute meafure, for the feite of a houfe or houles to be built, and for lands to be occupied*, for the purpofes of this a&; and the laid corporation is alfo hereby authorized and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary grants and donations of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable on lives, or of perfonal property, which (hall be made to them for the ufe and benefit of the poor within fuch refpc&ive parifhes, townlhips, or places.

XXII.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Incapacitated lawful for all bodies politick, corporate, or pollegiate, corpora- P«rfon* im-tions aggregate or foie, hulbands, guardians, truftees, feoffees

in truft, committees, executors, adminiftrators, and all other	*

truftees whatfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceflors, but alfo for and on behalf of their ceftuiquc trufts, whether infants, iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other perfon or peribns, and to and for all femes-covert, who are or (hall be feifed, poffefled of, or intereft-ed in their own right, and to and for every other perfon and peribns whomfoever, who are or (hall be feifed, poflefleti of, or intcrefted in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which (hall be necefiary to be purchafed or rented for the purpofes of this id, to contradl for, fell, and convey, or leafe the feme, or any part thereof, in manner aforefaid, not exceeding the quantity afordaid, unto the faid vifitor and guardians, their fucceflors 1 and affigns, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall nominate and appoint, for the ufe and benefit of fuch poor houfe, and the poor perfons within fuch parifhes, townlhips, and placet refpec-lively, and for all other the purpofes of this adl.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That all fums of money Money paid which are to be paid to any bodies politick, corporate, or colie-

giate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in ttqft, executors, out in ttepur-adminiftrators, huibands, guardians, committees, 9X other tru- chafe of other ftces whatfoever, for or on behalf of any infant, lunatick* idiot, lands, &c. to femc-covert, or other cefluique truft, or to any perfon or perfons |* whole lands arc limited in ftridt fettlcment, for the purchafe of1 c am my lands or buildings as aforefaid, (hall, in cafe t;he fame exceed the fum of twenty pounds, by fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, huibands, guardians, committees, or other truftees, perfon or perfons feifed of lands or buildings fo limited in drift fettlement, be laid out, as foon as conveniently may be, in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-Ample, and conveyed to or to the ufe of

M3

Google

fuch

Digitized by

166	Anno	vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations ag* gregate or foie, feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, huf-bands, guardians, committees, or other truftees, or to and for fuch other perfon or perfons, and for fuch eftates, and to, for, ppon, and fubjed to fuch ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands for or in refpe& whereof fuch purchafe money fhall be fo paid as aforefaid were limited, fettled, and affured, at the time fuch purchafe was made, or fo many of fuch ufes as (hall be then.exifting, and capable of Uk-jng effedt; fuch purchafe* and fettlements to be made at the cxpence of the refpedlive parifh, or of the feveral parifhes fo uniting, in the proportions aforementioned, and charged by the refpe&ive guardians of fuch parifhes, together with the purchafe money, in their accounts; and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe or purchafes fhall be made, the faid money (hall be placed out by fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators, hufbands, guardians, committees, or other truftees, perfon or perfons, in fome of the publick funds, or on government or real fecurity, in the name of two or more perfons, the one to be named by the party or parties interefted therein, and the other by the guardian, if it refpedU a fingle parifh only, and by the vifitor, if it refpedls feveral parifhes, townfhips, or places, fo united as aforefaid; and the intereft arifing arid to be produced from fuch funds or fecuritics, and alfo the annual rent^ where the faid premifes fhall be rented, fhall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively as would, for the time being, bt entitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands of buildings fo to fee purchafed and fettled1, purfuant to the tenor ar*d true meaning of this ad.

Poor to be ' XXIV. And be it further enaded. That the poor perfons maintained at \yhb fhall be lent to every fuch houfe, bv virtue and under the expencef of authority of this ad, fhall be maintained therein at the general iherefpeftive cxpence of the refpedive parifhes, townfhips, and places, fo parifhes. adopting the provifions of this ad as aforefaid, according to the terms, and in the proportions, direded and preferibed by this ad; and that the treasurer, with the afliftance of the governor of every fuch houfe, to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall provide all fit and rieceffary provifions for the maintenance of fuch poor, Guardians to and keep an ageopnt thereof; and that there (hall be a meeting meet monthly. Gf the guardians of the poor of every fuch parifh, townfhip,and place. fuch houfe or houfes, on the firft Monday in every moaty)gY*t the hour of ten in the forenoon, or on fuch other day and houi|, in the firft week of every month, as the faid guardians fhall at their firft; meeting appoint, to ftate, examine, infped, Treafurer, at and adjuft the atedunts for the preceding month; and that at each meeting, fuch meeting, the faid treafurer (hall produce,, fairly written, accou°ntUof one ^cc9unt the debt incurred in the preceding month, for debt incurred utenfils and material* foe the'purpofe of manufacture, and for for utenfils, furniture, alterations, or repairs of tlie buildings, and alfo for furniture* &c. the {alary or allowance to the governor or treafuferj and fer-

Digitized by Google	vantj

1782.] Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 83.	167

vants (if any), in which account the rent of fuch houfe or houfes, buildings, and preroifes, if the fame (hall be rented, (hall be charged in the month next after fuch rent (hall become due, according to the terms of the agreement for taking the fame ; which account, when fettled and agreed to, (hall be figned by the faid guardians attending fuch meeting: and the fums to be paid by each of fuch parifhes, townfhips, and places, on that account, (hall be fettled and adjufted at fuch meeting, in pro-portion to the fums paid by each fuch parities, townlhips, and places, on account of their poor, on a medium of three years next preceding the date of fuch agreement, (to be fettled and afccrtained at fuch firft monthly meeting, in the manner to be fpecified by the faid agreement fo to be entered into for uniting as aforefaid, and according to the mode or form, and table, contained or referred to in the faid fchedule, No. XV), and in like manner, and in the like proportions, at every fucceeding monthly meeting; and the money (hall be then, or within one week after, paid into the hands of the faid treasurer, to be by him applied in difeharge of the feveral articles and debts contained in fuch account: and the faid treafurer (hall alfo at the *nd alfo an lame time produce* fairly written, one other account, of the victuals, beer, firing, and other neceffaries, for the ufe and bcer^&c. ufed maintenance of the poor, and of the governor, at fuch houfe or in the poor houfes, and all other incidental expences; which (hall be then houfe. accounted for, and proportioned by the faid guardians according to the number of perfons which (hall have been fent from each of the faid refpe&ive pariflies, townfhips, and places, and for the time they (hall have refided in fuch houfe or houfes, within fuch month, according to the mode or form, and table, and in the manner, for that purpofe alfo mentioned in the faid fchedule, No. XVI5 and the fum due from each pari(h, town-(hip, or place, (hall be fpecified at the foot of luch account, which (hall, when fettled and agreed to, be figned by fuch guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards infpedted by the vilitor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him if he (hall approve thereof; and in cafe default (hall be made in payment of the refpe&ive fums fo proportioned to be paid in refpedt of any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, for feven days after the lame (hall be fo fettled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace for the limit where fuch houfe or houfes (hall be fituate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of fuch default, to levy the faid refoedtive fums, to be fettled and proportioned as aforefaid, by diftrefsand fale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any fuch parirn, townftiip, or plade, making fuch default; and at the end of every year the account (hall be finally doled, and the balances paid and received, according to the mode preferibed by the faid fchedule. No. XVI.

XXV. And be it further enadied, That the churchwarden or Penalty oit overfeer of the poor of any parifh, town(hip, or place, who (hall toddWer have the cuftody of the poor’s rates, affeflinems, or accounts, Up poor's

for rate, See.

161

after proper demand.

Penalty on guardians who (hall ne

Apno yicefimo fecund© Gborgh III. £.	tl7^2*

for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall, and is hereby required tp produce the fame to the perfons who (hall be nominated, in the agreement contained in the (aid fchedule for uniting parishes, pn every requeft made by them for that purpofe, after fopr days’ notice thereof, in order to enable them to afeertain the expences relative to the poqr, on a medium of three years, according to the directions, true intent, and meaning.of this a£tf or in default thereof (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch refufal or negledt.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That if thp guardian of the poor for any parifh, townfhip, or place, which (hall adopt gleaVo attend	the fa id provifion as aforefaid, (hall not attend each monthly

monthly	meeting hereby directed to be holden, or fend foqie fubftantial

meetings.	inhabitant of loch parifh, townfhip, or place, to attepd and an-

fwer the payments for him, in cafe he (hall be prevented by (icknefs, or other unavoidable accident, from attending in perfon, the guardian for every fuch parifh, townfhip, and place, making fuch default, (hall, for every fuch negleCt, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

Wide land XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in order to en-courage the falutary and benevolent purpofes of this aCt, and tQ nw be in-	afford better accommodation? for the poor a; fuch poor houfes,

doled, with	it (hall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where

confent of the any fuch poor houfe (hall be provided, purchased, or agreed to lord of die ereCted, to inclofe from any wafte or common land or ground manor, c. lying near or adjoining thereto, with the confent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or perfons having right of common thereupon, fignified under their hands and feals,any part or portiopof fuch wafte or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpofe of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the fame, for the ufe and benefit of fuch poor houfe, and the poor perfons within the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the fame fhall be, or within the parifhes, townfhips, or places, which (hall be united therewith for the purpofes of this a<5.

Perfons fent XXVIII. And be it further enabled, That every perfon or to poor houfes perfons, to be fent to any houfe or houfes to be provided under order finned1 auth°r‘ly °f this a&> (hall, at the time of his or her entering by a guardian. fuch h°ufe, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the governor thereof, or to	his aftiftant, if any, an order, figned by one of

the guardians	of the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place,

from which fuch perfon (hall come, for the ad,million of fuch perfon or perfons, in the form or to the effefi contained in the faid fchedule. No. XII; which order (hall be carefully kept by the governor, and entered by him in a book to be provided for that purpofe.

XXIX.	Andy to render the provifiops of this ad! more prafluatle end What perfons beneficial^be it further enabled,That no perfon (hall be fent to fuch to^h** oor*	P00r k°uk or	houfes, except fuch as are become indigent by d4

houf«.	•	*Se> fick.nefs,	or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a main-

tenance by their labour } and except fuch orphan children as

fhall

Digitized by L»ooQle

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83;

(hall be fent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of die poor, with the approbation of the vifitor; and except fuch children as (hall neceflarily go with their mothers thither for fufte-

169

nance.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That all infant children of How [ tender years, and who, from accident or misfortune, (hall be- children ire pome chargeable to the parilh or place to which they belong, be provide* may either be fent to fuch poor houfe as aforefaid, or be placed *

by the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the vifitor, with fome reputable perfon or perfons in or near the parilh, townfhip, or place, to which they belong, at fuch weekly allowance as (hall be agreed upon between the parilh officers and fuch perfon or perfons with the approbation of the vifitor, until fuch child or children (hall be of fufficient age to be put into fervice, or bound apprentice to hulbandry, or Tome trade or occupation ; and a lilt of the names of every child fo placed out, and by. whom and where kept, (hall be given to the vifitor; who (hall fee that they are properly treated, or caufe them to be removed, and placed under the care of fome other perfon or perfons, if he finds juft caufe fo to do; and when every fuch child (hall attain fuch age, he or (he (hall be fo placed out, at the expence of the parilh, townfhip, or place, to which he or (he (hall belong, according to the laws in being: provided neverthelefs. That if the parents or relations of any poor child fent to fuch houfe, or fo placed out as aforefaid, or any other refponfible perfon, (hall defire to receive and provide for any fuch poor child or children, and (ignify the fame to the guardians at their monthly meeting, the guardians (hall, and are hereby required to difmifs, Or caufe to be difmifled, fuch child or children from the poor houfe, or from the care of fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, and deliver him, her, or them, to the parent, relation, or other perfon fo applying as aforefaid: provided alfo. That nothing herein contained' mall give any power to feparate any child or children, under the age of (even years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the confcnt of fuch parent or parents.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That all idle or diforderly wieperfont, perfons, who are able, but unwilling, to work or maintain them- wboneffteft* fclvcs and their families, (hall be profecuted by the guardians of to provide for the poor of the feveral parifhes, townfriips, and places, wherein

they refide, and punifhed in fuch manner as idle and diforderly fe£ttte4 perfons are directed to be by the ftatute made in the feveateenth guardiaai year of the reign of his late majefty King Gtorge the Second; and if any guardian (hall negledt to make complaint thereof, againft every fuch perron or perfons, to fome neighbouring ju-ftice of the peace, within ten days after it (hall come to his knowledge, he (hall,, for every fuch negledt, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lcfs than twenty (hillings, one moiety whereof, when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be difpofed of as the other forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be applied.

n XXXII. An4

y boogie

Digitized by *

176 How guardians are to proceed relative to poor perfpni who cannot gtt employment.

Guardian* to provide fuit-able clothing ♦or the per-fons they fend to the poor houles.

Rules and orders contained

Anno viceGmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That where there (hall be, in any parifh, townfhip, or place, any poor perfon or per-fons who (hall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it (hall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of fuch parith, townfhip, or place, and Ire is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of fuch poor perfon, to agree for the labour of fuch poor perfon or perfons, at any work or employment fuited to his or her ftrength and capacity, in any parifn, townftiip, or place, near the place of his Or her refidence, and to maintain, or caufe fuch perfon or per-fons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until fuch employment (hall be procured, and during the time of fuch work, and to receive the money to be earned by fuch work or labour, and apply it in fuch maintenance, as far as the fame will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the fame (hall happen to exceed the money expended in fuch maintenance, to account for the furplus, which (hall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to fuch poor perfon or perfons who (hall have earned fuch money, if no further expences (hall be then incurred on his or her account to exhauft the fame. And in cafe fuch poor perfon or perfons (hall refufe to work, or run away from fuch work or employment, complaint fhall be made thereof by the guardian to fome juftice or juftices of the peace in or near the faid parifh, townftiip, or place; who (hall enquire into the fame upon oath, and on conviction punifh fuch offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the houfeof correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That the guardian of the poor for any parifh, townftiip, or place, adopting the pro-vifions of this act as aforefaid, (hall provide, at the expence of fuch parifh, townftiip, or place, fuitable and neceffary clothing for the perfons fent by him to fuch poor houfe as aforefaid; and in cafe of his neglect fo to do, the governor or one of the guardians of every fuch houfe (hall make complaint thereof to fome neighbouring juftice of the peace; who (hall fummon the guardian fo making neglect to appear before him to anfwer the faid complaint, and direct him .to provide fuch clothing as (hall to fuch juftice appear neceffary ; and if fuch guardian (hall make default in providing fuch clothing, within ten days after fuch direction, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace to diredt the governor of fuch poor houfe, of the guardian fo making fuch complaint, to provide the fame* and to demand from fuch guardian fo making neglect, the charges and expences of fuch clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to levy the fame, and the cofts and charges attending the recovery thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch guardian fo making default.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the rules*orders.

Digitized by

and

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii HI. C. 83.	171

and regulations, fpecified and contained in the fchedule here- in the fcbedule * unto annexed, (hall be duly obferved and enforced at every poor ^c°b^Ve^ houfeor Workhoufe to be provided by virtue of this aCt, with boulesf0^ fuch additions as (hall be made by the juftices of the peace of the limit wherein fuch houfe or houfes (hall be fituate, at fome fpecial feflion; provided that fuch additions (hall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations eftablifhed by this aCt, and provided that the fame be not repeated by theju-ftices at their quarter feflions of the peace; and, for the purpofe of having them more generally known, and more ftriCtly attended to, the governors of every fuch houfe or houfes (hall, and are hereby required to caufe the fame to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in fome confpicuous part of every fuch houfe or houfes.

X3{XV. And whereas, by the faid aR of the ninth of King George the Fir ft, dir iR ions are given touching the application to be mode by poor per font, and the manner in which they are to be reliev-td, by orders from juftices of the peace; but, from a want of proper iifiriptms of the poor, who are to be the objeRs of fuch relief\ from c want of proper accommodations in many pari/hes, townjhips, and flocts, and from a want of the means of enforcing the orders of the jvfiices for fuch relief, the faid aR hath not had its proper ejfeR, and tht poor have been Jrequently reduced to hardjbips and diftreffes: for juftices, 0* remedy whereof, be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be complaint lawful for any juftice of the peace, on complaint made upon	.

oath, by or on ihe behalf of any poor perfon belonging to any pari(h, townfhip, or place, that the guardian, upon application to any p^,. made to him, hath refufed fuch poor perfon proper relief, and perfon, may after enquiring into the condition and circumftance of fuch poor direct fuch perfon upon 04th, either to order him or her, by writing under the hand of fuch juftice, fome weekly or other.relicf, or diredt pi,inant tothe fuch guardian to fend fuch poor perfon to the poor houfe, in poor houie. cafe he or (he (hall appear a lit objeCt to be kept and provided for there, according to the true intent and conftruCtion of this act; which order (hall be complied with, or fufficient caufe (hewn to the contrary, before, fuch juftice, by fuch guardian, within two days after he (hall receive the fame; (and every perfon receiving weekly relief (hall wear the badge directed by the aft made io the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King IFtBiam the Third, unlefs directed otherwife by a juftice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour); or if it (hall appear to fuch juftice, that the perfon fo complaining, or on whofe behalf fuch complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-beforc directed; and if any guardian (hall, upon due notice of any fuch order, refufe or negleft to obey the fame, he (hall, for every fuch refofal or ntgleCt, forfeit the fum of five pounds ; or if it (hall If the Juftice appear to fuch juftice, that the perfon making fuch complaint,

9; oq whofe behalf fuch complaint is made, is an idle or difor- anet^ “le

Digitized by

derly p«rfoii,hemj

»7*

commit him to the honfe of corrc&ion.

Guardian not to be fum-tnoned before the juftice, unlefs the complainant fliall have applied both to the guardian and vifitor.

Application of penalties

inflicted on guardians*

Direftiont relative to fuch poor perfons who (hall be afflt&ed with fitknefs,&c. when at a di ft a nee from their paritti.

Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1781.

derly perfon, and has not ufed proper means to get employment, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice, after examining fuch perfon, and hearing the whole circumftances of the cafe, to commit fuch perfon to the houfe of corre&ion for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month $ or if it (hall appear to fuch juftice, upon enquiry as aforefaid, that the hulband or father of fuch perfon making complaint, or on whofe behalf complaint (hall be fo made, for want of relief, is an idle or diforderly perfon, able to work, but by his negledt of work, or for want of feeking employment, or by fpending the money he earns in alehoufes, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and fuffers them to be reduced to want, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the hulband of fuch poor woman, or the father of fuch poor child or children, to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when any complaint or apolication (hall be made to a juftice of the peace, for the relief of any poor perfon, within any parifti, townftiip, or place, for which a vifitor (hall be appointed, fuch Juftice (halt not fummon the guardian to appear before him, unlefs application (hall have been firft made, by the perfon fo complaining, to the guardian, and, if he refufes redrefs, to the vifitor, (it being part of his duty to adjuft matters of that fort), who (hall order relief if he thinks it necefiTary, either within or out of the poor houfe, as he (hall judge right; but if fufficient relief (hall not be fo given or ordered, the poor perfon complaining, or on whofe behalf fuch complaint (hall be made, fliall be redrefled by fuch juftice in the manner herein-before direfled.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena<fted, That out of the penalty hereby infiided upon the guardian for difobeying the order of a juftice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor perfon, fo much thereof as the juftice of the peace Nwho (hall convi<ft fuch offender (hall dirc<ft to be paid to fuch poor perfon to whom fuch relief was ordered, (hall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in fuch manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be difpof* cd of.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any poor perfon (hall be retarded on his or her paftage through any pa-rifh, townftiip, or place, in which he or (he has no legal fcttle-ment, by reafon of his or her meeting with any accident, or being afni&ed with any dangerous ficknefs or bodily infirmity, without the means of lubfiftence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her fettlement, the guardian living near the place where fuch diftreffed objcdl (hall be, (hall, and is hereby required, upoh notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and fuitable nourifhment and affiftance (and alfo cloathing if necef-fary) for fuch perfon, until he or (he can be removed with fafe-ty; and when fuch perfon (hall be in a (late of health fit to be

removed,

Digitized by vjiOOQiC

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii HI. c. 83.'	173

removed, (hall take fuch perfon to fome neighbouring juftice* of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or place, where fuch perfon was found, who (hall examine hitn or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her fettlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit: and the parifh officer who (hall fo receive and provide for fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, (hall make a charge of the ex* pences attending the fame, which, on being allowed and certified by the juftices before whom fuch poor perfon (hall be fo taken, or fome other neighbouring juftices within the limit where fuch perfon was found, the fame (hall be paid by the guardian of the parifh, town (hip or place, where fuch poor perfon (hall be fettled, in cafe the fame can be difoovered, and mall happen to be within that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of fuch allowance and certificate as aforefaid, or in default of payment, the fame fhall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any fuch guardian fo making default, after due fummons, by warrant from a juftice of peace having jurifdidtion there; and if any poor and fick perfon circumftanc-ed as aforefaid fhall die before he or (he can be fo examined, or if any poor perfon (hall be found dead in any parifh or place to which he or (he did not belong, the guardian of fuch parifh or place refpeCtively (hall, and is hereby required, in every fuch cafe, to caufe fuch perfon to be buried in the parifh, townfhip, or dace, where he or (he fo died or was found dead, and (hall make a charge of the expences attending the fame refpedtively, which (hall be allowed and certified by a juftice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her fettlement, and (hall be paid by the guardian of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where ' fach perfon (hall appear to have been fettled, if the fame (hall be within that county; but in cafe the fettlement of fuch poor perfons refpedtively cannot be difeovered, or (hall not be within that county, the fame (hall be paid by the treafurer of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, or place, where fuch perfon was fo relieved, on the produdion of fuch allowance and certificate, out of the county or publick money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to fuch treafurer in his accounts.

XX3KX. And be it further enabled, That nothing herein Not to alter contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter or ***« affedt the fettlement of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or **	#

to give any illegitimate child, who may be born in any poor houfcor workhoufe eftablifhed under the authority of this adt, a fettlemeot in the parifh or place in which fuch workhoufe or poor houfe fhall be fituated, (but every fuch child (hall be con-fidered as fettled in the parifh or place to which the mother belongs), or to alter or affbSt any of the provifions, directions, rules, orders, or regulations, eftablifhed by any adt or adts of parliament for the management and government of any particular houfe of induftry, or workhoufe, inrany part of this kingdom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof Tr*

*ny-wife notwithftanding.

XL. And

Digitized by Google

Penalty on perfoni who (hall embezzle orwalte goods. See. committed to their care in

any poor houie.

Penalty on enticing or removing pregnant women, &c. from one pari (b to another, without an order from two juftices. Penalty on vifitors, guardians, and governor*, who (ball furnilh provirions, See. for the poor houfe to whic i they belong.

Guardians, with the approbation of the pariOiion* ers, may fell houfes provided by the panth for the poor thereof.

Anno v^efirnoiccu«HlaGEoRGii*III. c. 8^# [1782^

XL. And be it further enaded, That if any poor perfon* who (hall be fent to inch houfe or houfes, fhaljl embezzle or wilfully wafte any of the goods or materials committed to his or her care, or (hall take or carry away, without permiffion of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the ufe of fuch houfe, or belonging to any perfon refiding there, complaint (hall be made thereof upon oath to fome neighbouring juftice of peace living near fuch houfe; who (hall hear the fame, and the party acculed; and fuch juftice is hereby authorized, upon conviction, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lels than two calendar months, as the faid juftice (hall think fit and dired.

XLI. And whereas it frequently happens that poor children, pregnant women, or poor perfons affilQcd with ficknejs, or fome bodily in-firmity, are enticed, taken, or conveyed by parijh officers, or other perfons, from one parijh or place to another, without any legal order of removal, in order to eafe the one parijh or place, and to burthen the other with Jucb poor perfons: for remedy whereof, be it further enaded, That when any guardian, or other perfon or perfons, (hall fo entice, take, convey, or remove, or diufe or pro-pure to be fo enticed, taken, conveyed, or removed, any luch poor perfon or perfons from one parifti or place to another, which (hall adopt the provifions of this ad, without an order of removal from two juftices of the peace for that purpofe, every

S>erfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, orfeit a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than fee pounds.

XLIL And be it further enaded, That if any vifitor, guardian, or governor, (hall fell or furmfh any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provifions, or do any work in his trade for the ufe of any workhoufe, poor houfe, or poor perfons, within any pari(h, townlhip, or place, for which he (hall be fo ap» pointed to ad, or be concerned in trade or intereft with any perfon or perfons who (hall fell, provide, do, or furnilh the fame, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, on being duly convided thereof by a juftice of the peace.	.

XLIII And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may b$ lawful for the guardians of the poor of any parifti, townlhip* or place, which (hall adopt the provifions of this ad, with ih$ approbation of the perfons, within fuch parifti, townlhip, or place, qualified as herein-before mentioned, obtained at a pub-lick meeting held for that purpofe, to fell or difpofe of any

houfe, cottage, or building, which (hall have been ere&ed or

purchafed for the ufe of any poor perfon or perfons, at the expence of fuch parilh, townftiip, or place, and apply the money arifing therefrom for the purpofes of this ad; and alfo to remove, by order from a juftice or juftices of the peace, the perfon or perfons who (ball inhabit the fame, or any other houfe or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of fuch parilh,

townlhip, 1

Digitized by t^ooQle

1782.] Anno vicefimo fccundo Qeqrgii JJj, c. £3.	|ri	75

townlhip, or place, if he, (he, or they refufe to quit, after receiving fourteen days notice for that purpofe.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That This aft not nothing in this adt contained (hall extend to or aSi^fl, or	Ln CXt|ace l°

deemed, conftrued, or adjudged to extend to or affedt, any pa- vJhicn £hall rifh, townfbip, or place, which (hall not agree to adopt the not adopt the provifions herein contained, in the manner hereby diredted and provifions prefcribed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof lhcre°L notwithftanding.	.	_

XLV. And be it further enadted, That all penalties inflidted Penalties and by this adt (hall be recovered before one or more juftice or juf- hoir to be re-tices of the peace of the jurifdidtio;} wh^re the offender dwells ; covered and" who (hall, upon convidtion, in default of payment, after due applied, fummons, and demand made, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any juftice of the peace having jurifdidtion where fuch offender (hall dwell, rendering tothe faid offender the overplus (if aqy) after the charges $f fuch diftrefs and fale (hall be deduced; and in cafe fujficient diftrefs (hall not be found, then, and in every fuch cafe, it /ha& and may be lawful to and for any fuch juftice pf the peace to comjnit fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for any (pace pot exceeding (ix calendar months, nor lefs than qne calendar month 5 and that every fuch penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby pth^rwife direfted to be difpofed of, (hall be paid t;o the treafurer of every fuch houfe Qr houfes, where any fuch (hall Ije eftabljfhed under the authority of this adt, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of vidtuals, beer, firing, arid other necefiary provifions for the poor within fuch houfe or houfes.

XLV I. And be it further enadted, That any perfon aggriey7 Perfons aged by the a61 of ai\y juftjee or juftices of the peace oqt pf fefr teethe fioris, in or concerning the executiop of this a6t, may appeal tp quarter fef-thenexr general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, fionsj riding, liberty, divifion, precinct, of cMftridt, wherein fych adt was done, giving eight days notice thereof to the party againft whom the complaint (hall be made, and giving fecurity, by recognizance, to be acknowledged bsefqre a juftice of ihe peace, with a fufficient furety, to pay the cotts attending fuch appeal, if the matter (hall be determined againft the appellant; and the juftices at fuch quarter feflions are hereby authorized to hear and determine fuch appeal, and to award cofts, for or againft the appellant, « they fhall fee juft caufe fo to do ; which deter-initiation (nail be final, and (hall not be removed by ctrUoran. ^ pna| XLVII/And be it further enadfed, That this adt (hall bepub,icka^ deemed and taken to be a publick adt; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other per-tons whomfoever, without fpccially pleading the fame.

S C H E~

Digitized by v^ooQie

Anno iflcdimo fecundo Georgn III. c. 83. [1782

SCHEDULE,

Containing the Forms of Proceedings referred to by thi aforefaid Aft.

No. I.

FORM of AGREEMENT at a publick meeting, for a Gngli parifh or townfhip to adopt the proviiions, rules, and regulations, of an aft, made in the twenty-fecond year of Gtirgt the Third, for tbt bttttr relief employment the poor.

IT is	agreed,at a publick	meeting duly btlden this	day	tf

at	in the county ofpurfuant to the if-

reffitns of an all, made in the twenty-fecond year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor, That the parijb [or townjbip] of	[as	the	cafe (hall be]

Jballfrom henceforth adopt, in all refpells,	rules,	orders, and regulations, and comply with all the requifites	if

the	faid a£t;	and that our workboufe [if there is one] Jball be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the purpofes	in	tit

faid alt. [If there is none] We will forthwith provide a prefer workboufe, either by erciting a new one, or hiring, altering, aol fitting tip buildings fuitable to the	at	fome	convenient pleu

within our parijb, &c. And we recommend to the confidential tf the juftices	and	as	fit	and	proper perfens fir

guardians of the poor;	and and

as fit and proper per font for governors of the poor houfe, for tbt foil parijb,	townjbip, (Ac. [as	the cafe (hall be].

Given under our hands, tdc.

No. II.	J

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the juftica

1

WE A. B. and C. D. efquires, two of his Majefifs ju/lta of the peace for the county, left, of	[i

the cafe (nail be] confidering the parijb or townjbip, £*. of

within the faid county, (etc. to be of magnitude fifi eient to have a workboufe provided within it for the reception on employment of the poor, and to adopt the provifiom of the ofl (ft the better relief and employment of the poor) pajfed in the two tyfeeond year of the reign of King George the Thirds do bertkjgik our approbation and confent thereto, purfuant to the direflions of tk faid aft 5 and we do alfo agree to the falaries fixed by the food opto ment to be paid to the guardian and governor%

Given under our bands% this

Google

dqyefi

N«

1752.] Anno vicefimo fecuridd GEORGii ftl. c. 8*

m

No. III.

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the publick meeting, for two or more parifhes, townfhips, or places, to unite in adopting the provifions of the ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor•

IT is agreed, at a publick meeting duly held this

Joy of	at	in	tbt	county	of

furjumt to tbt direflions of the faid ail. That the porijb [or town-fiip\of	[as the cafe (hall be] from

forth, in conjunction with the parijbes or townjbips of end	[as	the	Cafe	(hill	be] adopt in all refpeCls the

provifionsy rules* orders* and regulations* and comply with ell the reqmfites preferibed by the faid ad for parijbes uniting for tbofe pur-pofes 5 and that a convenient workhoufe, and other buildings and ne~ teffarj conveniences* Jball be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and accommodated for the purpofes mentioned in the /aid ad: and we recommend to the confideration of tbejufijets of the limit wherein fuch workhoufe will be fituate* A. B., C. D., and E. F., as fit and proper fierfons qualified for guardians of the poor ; and G. H., 1. K., and L. M., as fitperfons to be.governors of the poor boufe for the faid parijb [or, townjbip* as the cafe (hall be]; and do agree to allow the perfon who Jball be appointed guardian a /alary of	per	annum	for his trouble in executing

that officej and to the perfon who Jball be appointed governor of the poor boufe a falary of	for bis trosible in executing

that office.

No. IV.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the parifties [or* town-(hips, as the cafe Jball be] of A, B, C, and D, for the purpofe of providing a houfe or houfes, and the better maintaining and employing their poor, purfuant to the ftatute of the twenty-fecond year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed* this	day	of	by	and

between the guardians of the poor of the parijbes of and	and of the townjbips of

and	in	the	county	of	(which

maintain their own poor feparate and diflinCl from the other parts of their refpedive parijbes) whofe names are hereunto fubferibed* pur~ fisont to the opinion of two third parts* in number and value as afore-faid* of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements* and hereditaments* qjfeffed to the poor’s rates within fuch refpeClive parijbes and townjbips, at meetings duly held for that purpofe* qualified according to the directions of the aCf pajfed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of bis Majefiy King George the Third* and with the approbation of A. B. and C. D. twojufiices of the peace* according to the directions of the faid ad* That the /aid refpedive parijbes and townjbips Jball Vol. XXXlV«	N	be

i

Digitized by Google

Anno vlccGmo fecuodo Georgii III. e. 63. [17824

be united for the better maintaining and employing their poor j and that a convenient houfe or boufs, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, and with land fit for gardens, orchards, and the keeping of a cow or cows, fhall be built, [purchafed, or hired, as (hall be found moft fuitable] at or year	for	the

reception and accommodation of the poor, as Jeon as conveniently may be, and If hired, the fame /ball be rented upon fietb terms as Jhall be agreed upon between the guardians of the poor of the faid fever.al pa-rifhes and townfhips, or the major part of them, and the perfoss or perjons owning or being authorized to let fuch buildings, lands, and prewifes j but no fuch agreement fhall be made for a longer term than twenty-one years, unlejs the guardian or guardians fhall have an option to vacate it at the end of that term, on giving twelve months notice in writing of his or their intentions fo tp do, nor for a fborter term than three years; and fuch houfes fhall be fitted ut> and mode convenient for the purpofes aforefaid, at the expence of the landlords, [or tenants, as (hall be agreed between them]: that the rents of the faid houfes, the expences of fitting up, making additions 'or alterations, [where they fhall be agreed to be paid by the tenants], and of the furniture thereof, and alfo the utenfils and materials to be ufed for the purpofe of employing the poor, and the wages and allowances'to be paid to the governor of the houfe, fhall be paid by the faid feveral guardians in their due proportions, according to the amount of the money raifed by the poors rates for their feveral parifbes and townfhips, in refipeh of their poor, on a medium of three years preceding fuch agreement \ and that fuch proportion fhall be afeertain/d by	and	whops	we	have	nomi-

nated for that purpofe, and fhall be paid by the guardians of the peer of the faid refpeflive parijhes and townfhips, to the perfan who JbaU be authorized to receive the fame, within feven days after the fame fhall be fo aftertained \ and that the money earned by the labour of fuch poor fhall be broug ht to the credit of that account-at the cud of every year: that the expences of victuals, beer, and firing, for the poor and the governor, [and for the afjijlants, when any lhall be - found neceflary] in every fuch houfe or houfes, with all other fmdl incidental expences, fhall be proportioned, at the end of every month, according to the number of poor which /hall be fent from each of the faid refpeflive parifbes, townjhips, and places, and for the time they fhall have refided there within fuch month: that the guardians of tbe poor of any of the faid parifbes, townfhips, cr places, fhall be at liberty to withdraw from this agreement at the end of the firfi thru years, or any fucceeding three years, on giving twelve months notice *f Jucb their intention, if it fhall be fo determined by three fourth parts of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, affeffei to the poor's rates, and qualified as aforefaid, at a publui meeting, fummoned by due notice as aforefaid, fpecifying the ouajm if fuch meeting j and in fuch cafe, they Jhall receive one half of tbttr due proportion, to be afeertained by tbe perfons above named, or fuch qther. perfons as the parties Jhall agree upon for that purpofe, of the value of tbe furniture, fiock, utenfils, and implements, then remaining at jufb poor houfe, afttr paying their proportion of the rent, and o	of

Digitized by (^.ooQle

J7$2.] Arin6 viteflmo fecilndo GE6l&il III. c. 83.

if tit Jahries lb tf&governor and other officers, to the end of the then gntoing year: and that the guardians “df the poor of^eacb parifb, tevmflUp, and pike, /ball provide Maple and convenient loathing ftr the poor .> to be fenf to the faid houfe or houfes, from their rtf pec-live tar i/bes, totonjhrps, or plates',and charge the ex peaces thereof in their account?. Jhd we recommend to the jufiices of tie limit when fuch houfe is to be fttuated, A. B,, C. D., arid E. F>, as pcrfons duly qualified for the office of vifttor of the faid poor houfe, ond I. K., L. M., and N. O., as ptrfons duly qualified for the of -fa of governor of the faid poor houfe.

Wt, A. B. and C. D. the jufiices of peact ken— timed in thi within-written agreement, do hereby give our approbation to the parijhes ond places herein named being united for the ^ fterpofes of the aft within mentioned. fPitnsfs our bands, this	day

'f

No. V.

FORM of ENTRY to be made by the clerk of the peace or town clerk.

BE it remembered\ That on the	day of

A. B. depojited in my hands a copy of the agreement made be~ tween the churchwardens and overfars of the poor of the parifhes or twnfhipi of	and	[aa^th'e	qafe

(hall be] in the eoanty, tjfc. [39 the cafe (hall be] of fir uniting in hhing, pur chafing, or building houfes, at or near in the jaid county, &c. and providing for the mntenance and employment of a certain defeription of poor perfons Mending to the faid parijhes, townjhips, and places, purfuant to the Jlatute made in the twenty-fccond year of the reign of his majejly King George the Third.

No. VI.

FORM of a NOTICE for the meeting.

NOTICE is hereby given. That a publick meeting, to confult the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, %ftfed after the rate of five pounds per annum, about hiring, pilr-ttyjing, or building [as the cafe (hall be] a houfe or houfes, ond providing for the maintenance and employment of the poor, purfuant 7* the Jlatute of the twenty-fecond year of George the Third, will be 'idiot	the	day	of	at

i/a the forenoon.

No. VII.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a guardian.

I WE A. B. ajii C. D.	two of bit of peace for

lb* aunty of	afling for the	6V.

Digitized by Google ^

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

of '	in tbe foid entity, hereby appoint E. F.

of	to	execute	tbe	office	of	guardian	of	tbe	poor	fer

tbe	parijb,tic. of	within tbefaid hundred, tie.

for one year, to he computed from	to	be

has been recommended at a publick meeting holden the day of pUrfuant to the directions of the ad in the twenty-feiond year of the reign of his mojefy Tung George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Given under our bands, this day of

[The like form for vifitor, only varying the defcriptioo of the office, and when appointed for united parishes, he. name them.]

[The like form for appointing a governor and treafurer, only varying that of a treafurer, by adding, to be has been recommended by tbe guardians.]

No. VIII.

FORM of a DRAFT by the guardian on the churchwarden or overfeer appointed to colled the poor’s rates.

To A. B. colledor of the poor’s rates of the parifh townfhip] of	[as	tbe	be.]

YOU are hereby authorized and directed to pay to C. D. tbe fun of	for	[here	deferibe	the	occalion	of	the

payment, whether for houfe rent, cloathing, or for relief of poor perfons, tic. tic. as the cafe (hall be] and tale bis receipt for the fame, which wiU be your difebarge for fucb payment. Doted this	day	of

E. F.

Guardian of the poor for tit porijk [or townfhip] aforejoid.

No. IX.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a deputy vifitor.

I A. B. t	’iftor of tbe poor and poor houfe for the bari/h, townjbifu

tic. of	[or for the united pari/b$l

townjbips ,tic. of	and	]

the county of	do	hereby	nominate and appoint C. D.

to be my deputy vifitor and offiflanduring my will and & purfuant to the power given to me by an ad, in tbe twenty* Jtcond year of tbe reign of bis majtfty King George tbe Third, tuled. An aa for the better relief and employment of the poor), and authorize him to difebarge the duty rejuired

Witnefs my hand,

Digitized by Google



N«

1782.j Anno vicefimo fecundo Geougii III. C. 83.

No. X.

FORM of certificate of ferving the office of vifitor.

I A. B. one of his Majeftys jujlices of the peace for the county, £stc.

[as the ca/c (hall biej of	do hereby certify,

That C. D. of	in	the	faid county, bath been

appointed to, and is now ferving, the office of vifitor of the poor for the parijb or townjbip of	[or for the parijbes

and townjbips of	] in the faid county, [as

the cafe (hall be] purfuant to the direction of the ad pajfed in the twenty fecond year of the reign of bis majstiy King George the Third.

Dated this	day	of

No. XI.

FORM of SECURITY for money borrowed.

BY virtue of an ad, made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of his majejly King George the Thirds (intituled, An aeft for the better relief and employment of the poor), we A. B. vifitor, and C. D. guardian of the poor, for the parijb [or townjbip, as the cafe (hall be] of E, in the county, city, fcfc. of	in

cwfiieration of the fum of	to	us	in hand paid by

for the purpofe of pur chafing, building, trifling, repairing, fitting up, or furnijhing, &c. [as the cafe ihall be] a convenient houfe, buildings, and offices, for the recep~ um, accommodation, and employment of the poor of the faid parijb or tawn/hip, and for providing fuitable flock and utenfils for that pur-pofe, do hereby charge the poor's rates to be hereafter made, and the jeviral fums of money to be raifed thereupon, within the faid parijb [or townjbip, as the cafe (hall be] with the payment of the Jaid principal fum, and interejl after the rate of	per

centum per annum, half-yearly* as the fame JbaU become due.

No. XII.

FORM of ORDER for admiffion of paupers.

To the governor of the poor houfe at E.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive A. B. [deferibe his or her age, and whether married or fingle] a poor perfon belonging to the parijb [or townjbip, as the cafe (hall be] 9f	in the county of D. into the poor boufe at E.

end to accommodate and provide for fuch perfon in a proper manner* according to the rules and oflablijbmeut qf the faid houfe.

Given under my hand, this	day	qf

H. G.

Vifitor* [or guardian* as the cafe (hall be.]

H'j

No.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno vicefimo Jecuado Georgii III. c.gj. [1782,

No. xm.

FORM of the JUSTICE’S dirctfion to excufe the badge.

I A. B. a jujlice of peace for the county [riding, divifion, &c. ^ the care (hall be] of	'	having received pro^f

Upon oath before me, that C. D. a poor p'trfon receiving weekly re-lief from the parijh [townfaip, &c. as the cafe lhall be] of

in the tontif &c. of	is	a	perfon	of	very

decent and orderly behaviour, do hereby dire ft the guardian [or over-feer, if no guardian] of the poor for the faid parifa, fafr. to omit putting the badge upon the ccat [or gown, if a female] of the faid C\ D. and to excufe his [or her] wearing the fame, as long as hi [or fat ] fa ill continue to behave orderly and decently.

Dated this	day of

No. XIV. . ,

t

FORM of the transfer of the fecurity for the money gdvatyce^*

I Do transfer this fecurity, with all my right and title te tbt pHn* cipal money hereby, facured, and to ail the inter eft mom due, on hereafter- to be due, unto CrD. his executors, admmijtraurs, and affigns. Dated this •	ioy	tf	-	-

A*

, JVttnefs, E. F#

!! ‘	.	No.	xv.	*	•... - v.

MODE of adjufting tfte fitft account mentioned in the a&, re* ‘ klpe6ting utelifils, .materials, furniture, rent,

LET it be fuppofed that the parifats .or townjbips of A. B. C.

and D. have agreed to be united under , the authority of the city and that E*. and F. are the per fans named in the agreement asarid* trators, or referees, to fettle and adptjd the proportions ufaieh each parifa or place is to pay.

It will be neceffary for E. and F. at their fir fa meeting, to call upon the officers of every fuch parifa, townjhip, or place, for their ojfeff-ments and accounts, in order te Jee what1 they have patd te theit poor, on a medium of three years preceding the agreement; who are required by the aft to produce them, under a penalty for refufal.

: When the arbitrators have got theft materials, it will be neclffaff te faparate and deduft every matter which does not relate te the potty far inflame, money paid to the county rates, or far the expends of the conjlilbUy. heodboreugh, or militia, which are all now included in the ppor'i rotes; and, as fame of theft parifats may have bad expends occafioned by litigations about fettlements and removals, and others may not, they faould exdude all fuch expenses .in the account.

When the accounts tavk been Jo infpefted and examined\ and the proper ieduftms madey they may be fuppofed Jo appear:

That

Digitized by CnOOQle

1782.] Anno vlceftmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83.

^	-	.	6s 7 6

for the fecond year	- -87 2 o

/or third year -	-	105 o q

Making together 257	9	6

11	"T

Atbtrd'part of which fum (being A.’s medium), will be 85 16 6 Let B/e payments be calculated in the fame manner, fuppofed to amount, on, the medium of three yearsy to -	-	110 0 o

-	-	-	-	97 o o

I&’s dj//*, **	-	*	-	-	-	140 o o

«■ * ■

$b total amount of the annual payments will be -	452 16 6

Suppoft the month's expences paid by the feverql parijbes under the above heads, according to the directions of ihe a$9 Jhould amount to £. 300, the queftion will be, If £. 432 : 16 : 6, (the total medium tf all the parijbes)y require £. 300, what will £. 85 : 16 : 6 require ? When that Jhdlt be worked by the fule of three, multiplying the third number by the fecond, and dividing it when fo multiplied by

the fir ft 1 the atifwer will be% '	;

that A.’s proportion amounts to	•	•	59	9	5

B/s proportion, when worked in the fame manner,

will be	-	-	-	76	5	O

C.’s ditto	-	-	-	67	4	7

D/s	-	-	-	-	97	1	o

Making together the whole fum expended.	-	-	300	o	o

When thofe medium fums Jbatt be fettled and proportioned at their firft meeting, .there will be no occafion to repeat that trouble after-wards y as the firft fum will be the fame on all future calculations; and to prevent trouble in adjufiing the proportions at every monthly meeting, at every poor boufey foon after the firjl medium proportions (boll be fo aftertained, there Jhall be a table fixed, calculating the proportions of each parijhy townjbip, or place y to any given jumy from the Jmalleft to the great eft y that is likely to be expended in that dsftrift within the month \ which will make every account clear and eafy to the mantft underftandingy and will be liquidated in an inftant.

No. XVI.

Mode of adjufting the fecond account mentioned in the aft, refpefting the vidtuals, beer, firing, and other neceflaries.

AS foon as the agreement is made for uniting Jeveral parijbes y &c;

the guardians Jhall meet and conftder what will be a proper weekly fum to be 'paid into the hands of the treafurer for every perfm admitted into the poor houfey eftimatmg it as near as they tan to the probable expense of maintaining them 5 tie guardians ftnuld pay to the N 4	'	treafurer%

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 83. [1782.

treafurery at every monthly meeting, what Jball be due for every pub perjon, upon that calculation, for she time he has been kept there in * the month preceding \ and, in order to avoid f rations, if any perfon Jball have been there four days, or more, tn any of the weeks, it Jbould be conftdered as a full week, and if left than four days, no eharge Jbould be made for it: that% in order to avoid difficulties in adjufiing the account, a table Jbould be provided, ;/7	manner as

before y and fixed up in the houfe, with proper columns for the number of perfons, t'oe number of weeks, and the total amount, according to the weekly fum fo agreed upon; by which that account will likewi/t be fettled without the leafi trouble or difficulty.

The fever a I monthly Jums paid by each parijb cn this ftcond amount\ and alj'o the grofs fumSy Jbould be entered in the treafurer*s books t and at the end of the ye >t it Jhould be computed whether the payments by the ftveral parijhes have amounted to moret or left, than the fum expended y if to morCy the guardian of each parijb Jbould receive% if fo lefsy he Jhould pay his proportion thereof to the treafurery to be cons* puted according to the firjl account, as dire fled by the ail.

RULES, ORDERS, BYE LAWS, and REGULATIONS, to be obferved and enforced at every POOR HOUSE to be provided and eftablifhed under the authority of the aft of the twenty-fecond year of King George the Third.

Firft. f PHAT the feveral perfons who Jball be fent to any futb X poor houjey who are capable of doing any worky Jball be employed by the -governor in fome labour which may be befi Jutted U their firength and capacity.

Second. That the' governor Jball take particular care to keep the faid boitfe, and the feveral apartments thereiny and alfo the feveral 'perfons who Jhall inhabit the fame, clean and wholefome ; and for that purpoje be Jhall employ fuch of the faid poor perfons who Jhall be fent thither y whom he Jhall think mofi able and beji qualified for the offices, to ajfiff him thereiny and alfo in the providing and dr effing victuals for the ufe of fuch poor perfons; and if any fuch poor perfon Jball re-fufe or negleft to perform the work or labour in which he dr Jhe Jhall *be fo employ edy or jhall be dire&ed to do by the governor. every fuch perfon Jhall be punijhed by confinement, or alteration of diet, in fuch manner as the governor Jhall direct; and for a fecond offence of the like forty complaint thereof Jhall be made to fome jufiice of the peace for the limit, who, on conviction, Jhall commit fuch perfon to \hp heufe of correction for any time not exceeding two calendar months nor lefs than one calendar month.

Third. That the apartments in the houfe or boufes to bf provided as aforefaid, Jball be adapted fo as to accommodate the poor who fall be fent thither in the bcjl manner they are capable. — flat the governor Jball place in the bejl apartments fuch poor perfons who, having peen creditable houfekeepers^ arc reduced by misfortune, \n (re? w	"	1	''	   ferentf

Digitized by'

1782,] Ahno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 83J

fcrcnce to tboft who are becdme poor by vice and idlenefs \ and that Jeparett apartments Jball be provided for the reception of the fid and tempered poor, and an apothecary or furgeon to be fent for to attend tom when tbire Jball appear neceffity far it, at the expence of the porijb or place to which fucb poor per font belong.

Fourth. That fucb poor perfons who art able to work, Jball bo coded up by ring of bell, and fet to work by fix in the morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to Lady-day \ and continue until four in the afternoon from Michael-mat to Lady-day, and from Lady-day to Michaelmas till fix in tie afternoon (meal times and times for reafonable recreation except-ti); and if any fuch poor perfon Jball refufe or neglefi to do fucb mi as Jball be allotted him or her, or wilfully fpoil the fame, or de-pert from fuch boufe without leave from the governor, or Jball be guilty ef any diforder or dijobedience to thefe rules and orders, the

Server Jball reprove fuch perfon for the fame, andpunijbhim or by confinement or alteration of diet, as the faid governor Jball M fit; and if fucb perfon Jball be guilty of the like off true a fe-cml time, the governor Jball complain thereof to the yifitor of fucb beufe, who is hereby authorized to order the pumjhment of confine wnt to be increafed to fuch degree as be Jball think fit.

Fifth. That the governor Jball enter in a book to be kept by him, 00 account of the houfehold goods, linen, furniture, and utenfils prowled for the faid boufe; and alfo an account of the materials bought for manufacture, and of the goods manufactured there \ which jball it laid before the guardians at their monthly meeting, and before the vijitor whenever he comes to fucb boufe.

Sixth. That the governor Jball vifit the feveral perfons maintained in fuch boufe or houfes, and their apartments, once at leafi in every lay\ and Jball take care that there is no wafte of fire, candles, or frovi/ms \ and Jball fee that the fires and candles are put out at the hours fixed for fucb perfons going to bed, which Jball be at eight of tit dock between Michaelmas and Lady-day, and nine between Lady-day and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any perfon Jball die in the boufe, the governor /boll take care that the body of fucb perfon be immediately removed into fmftparate apartment, and be decently buried, as foon as conveniently maybe; and alfo take care of the deaths and goods of fuch perfon» end deliver them to the guardian of the poor of the parifb or place tq which fuch perfon did belong, who is to pay tie charges of the funeral of fiub poor perfon.

Eighth. That no poor perfon bo permitted to go out of the poor boufe, nor any perfon permitted to come into fuch boufe or houfes, except the perfons maintained and employed there, without the permijfion of the governor ; and that no fpirituous liquors be permitted to hi Irani in fucb boufe or houfes \ and that no other liquors Jball be brought thither, without the permijfion of the faid governor.

Ninth. That the rules, orders, and bye-laws Jball be publicity road b tty governor to all the poor perfons kept in fiub boufe or houfes9 m at leafi in every month.

Tenth,

Digitized by vjOOQIC ,

iU

,A8ts> viccfimo fecuAdoGcofton illv c. 84. [178-2.

'•- Tenth; fJS<at ati tbeptv-prfuts Mr	it churchy JbaUatund.

divikr ftrvice retry SunWy.<	/

. -Ekwrtth. That tbt gvymttrftall dtfmifs from tbe ptsr beqfts vtnributfk, tvery ptrfan tohi fietH, tbt	ef tht guardian »r

guardians,	it	thought iotpetptrtt tontitu* itngartbtrt, and

trdtr from bmoribtm jar that purptft.	>

v u ’	'	'	-. V ^	.

; ;	c	a	p:	lxxxiv.

.; , J	.	\	\	\	.

An t$ tatttfr pfcvirtg► clcpn6nr^ and lighting, p^rt *f the ppiii d

Saint Georgs Hanover Square, in tbt county d MiddJefex, and fuck part of OkfiJond-ftreet as lies within the pan/n of Saint James, m tbe md^oQntjrv *nd for removing and preventing nuilances and annoys *■ aiitfesilhtiwib.	’	•	■-	<■	*

■ ',a\	•	-	.	.\	■	..

Recital of x Geo. y c. *i. 3,4, 5, 6,<xndriGeo. 3# And that the great* eft part of thej>an(h of Saint George was paved, whereby a debt was incurred oF'mdre than 40,000!. pointer a&«, fo. far as they relate to Same GeOrgSYparfOi, hna to fuoh partoFOW Bond-ftrMt (sites in tbe pariSi of S&jittJavnet, (except #a a&ectatnlioocd) repewted\ Fwwn Jonh* *4, 17*1, the power of ptvingvcteaoftag, and fighting the faid parish and ffreet aforefaid, vefted Hr the rc&of, churchwardens apd veltrymen for the time being; who may'appoint a committee to meet yearly tbe fecund Thurfday in February* betwOfejhfb-and * o'clock tbribn a committee of tt; 4 «u&of each .ward a*i:4 ootwf BomMkwtt. Qualification of committee men viool. real oc perfoqsl, or both together, penalty oa acting |f not qualified iodj. Proceedings of tbe committee to be entered u\ bookstand may bete?din evidence. Books may be infpofted by the rector* churchwardtns*nd veftrymen, or tbeir Clerk. Committee to meet in 14 days after they arc cbofen,* mad after asoften artbey fiudl think fit, and three to be a quorum; and if no adjournment, to be eight days notice of fbe next meeting. Committee to pay their expencci•. NP a& toJbe valid onlefi made at meetings, &c AH acts done by the major part prefent at lueettngi ofilid. * Oommittee may appoint officer#, and allow them fila-QiScrrv to atcount upon oath quaiterly. Penalty on default ,101. god atfion may be brought fpr tbe balance, and penalty in tbe name off Avep. committee men, or their clerk, or the balance may be levied by dfrtrcfs, On failure, of diftrCfs, offender to be committed till payment. Cbmmkteft may>rt*nove snrityadcet; and levy the expexcei from the owners or occupiers. Committee may make comrafib tor paving, &c. AM cpntra&s to be made b^*een Fab aS, and June*. Scavenger to cpn-traft. Committee may enforce the performance of former as well as new £ontra£fc. Former contra&s to continue in force, and arrears to be collided. Works to be vnfpetted, and on nonperformance of contracts, actions may be brought for recovery of the penalties. Committee may com-

fund with per foes for breach of contrails. Inhabitants to give notice the furveyors when paveoKJtts want repairs, who fball infped the fame, rfre pavements complained of are found defe&ive, the committee to di-reft the fame to be repaired. Pavements, &c. veited in the committee; who «my f*it or othtrwifcdilpoft of the old materials, and may hire a p^ece of ground for deporting the materials. Penaky on per tons taking or Healing the materials, or breaking, or damaging the fame, fubjelt to aftfon or indiftment; and for the firn offence not more than 40 s. nor lefs than 1© 1. for the fccond, or other offence, not more than jl. nor left than *Q*«r Perfoos raking witharon between the Hemes, or injuring pave* ments, to forfeit 5 s. Penalties may be levied by did refs, or offender committed for a month. Names of ftpeeta to be put up, and houfes nmaker-ed. Scavengers to attend once every week, and gQ into houfes, &c. #rbere^aff is kept, and give notice by a beH 1 on negleft to forfeit 5 s. Penalty on any perfon carrying away cinder* b# aJhe0taot> being tbe fo-vtnger, 10 s. Penalty on the owner of the cart in which fuch cinders or

aihei

Google

1782.3	Anno vletfimo fcaihdo' Georgu III. Gift*.'

allies (hall be carried, let. Committee ins powered to make raws for tie purposes of the aft * not exceeding i a. Sd.uperpoaad OU the-paved ftroetft, aod i*. on the tidpaved ftreets. The rates not to e*cfe<t former rates, although a sew valuation be made. HanoverSquare may beaflsfled at any Aim not exceeding * i» 6 d. in the pound For embellifbvng the garden to Hanover Square* and watering the fquare, an additional rate thebe of id. in the pound. For preventing annoyance* in Hanover d^uare, by beat* ing carpel s» laying dirt, &c. or hackney coaches ltandmg, or driving car-riag«* tor breaking or felling horfe*,, or riding horfes for exertife, to for-Jeir io». Accounts relating to Old and New Bond-ftreete* and Btenhewi-Ireet* to be kept feparate^ and the money anting in tbofe ttreets to be applied therein only. None of die knaacyiavifing in any other part of the parifb to be fubjeft to tbe payment of the> money doe Qn account'of Old er New Bond-dreet, Blenheim ttmeet*.or Stafford-ifreet. w Additional rates my be raifed in thofe ftreets. Houfes hereafter to be rbuitf to -be rated. Eapty houfes to be rated at one half the rates levied ottshe re(f of the panflK Fublfdt; buildings and dead walls not to be rated: at more than U tathc pound. If* the committee negteft to make raths, the wetry my do it. Commencement of the rates March 15, I7t*, pnyabte qswr-Sniy. Tenants and occupiers of feparate apartments made liable to pay the rates* and authorized to deduft the fame out of their rfwts. * Rates tor houfes of ambafTadors to be paid by the landlords* Kates may be levied by diftreft sad fate of goods in five>dayt, by warrant from two juf-tkes. CoHe&ors- ixnpowered to colled arrears of former rates, and the application thereof dire&ed to be in difeharge of debts incurred' before Juse 14,178s. -Appeal allowed to tbe committee,, the veftry,a*d tbe quarter feffion* agamflr the rates; CoHe&ors to pay the monty ibttfoed lot banker, to be appointed by the committee. On death nr bahkimMcy ofcpllsden, &c. feprefentarives Co pay money remaining inrtrlrhiwds to the banker. Banker to pay mortis* drawn upon hbnyand CleHc to keep resents, wtocb mny'bean(peaed»bythe>vsftry. tfd. in the pk>and of mb /ates to be applied so payment ofwteceft, and in difctiarging the debt; sad the rensaihdegi hi' the firft place, in-defraying the other expence* of the ad, and afterward* m difchargtng the debt, if tbe fond for difetjarg-iog the debt (half not amount td 500 L in any year, an additional rate, uot exceeding id. in the pound, may be laid. Creditors to be paid off bp httob Notice to be given to the perfons whofe bonds are to be paid off. Money in :the Writ to be traasteered to the committee, add to be applied ikdjfcbargsngtbe debt. ThroommiiTioners tty account with the committee relative to tbe optional ftreets within two months after pfcffing tbe aft, .and to pay eto^alance in three months. Newfetitrititi-for toms of tool, each may to given inftexd of prefent feenrities for larger ferns. Formof fecurityt

BY virteeof an aft of pnriismefct, made in the twenty-fdcond year of the reign of his majerfty King George the Third, intituled* [infert tbe title of the aft *] wethereftor, churchwardens, and veftrynaen of the hid patifh, do hereby a/fign to A. B. his executors, adminftftrators, and in contideration of the fum of one hundred pounds by him paid to	from this	day	of

in the year of our Lord	until	the

laid Ann ofone hundred pounds, wish intereft at the rate of

per annum, (hall be paid, fuch proportion^ tbe rates or tfltflmenti, to be rated or aflefled by virtue of the faid aft, for the pur-pofe of difcharging monies due and owing on the credit ot fuch rates or dfeffments, as the (aid fum of one hundred pounds fhall bear to the whole fan bow doe and owing on the credit of the fame rates or affeflinents.

kcaritfei may be transferred in the following form, viz.

T Do transfer this affignment, with all my right and title to the principal A and intereft thftrSby fecared, unto C. JD. his executors, admimltrators, adaffigns. In witnefs whereof 1 havS hereunto fet my hand, this

day of	*	A.B.

Witnefi J.F.	Power

~	Digitized by VjOOQLC

t*8

Anno vfcefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 84. (.178

Power to borrow money at a lower intereft, to difcbarge fecurities , higher intereft. Committee to ftate accounts to the veftry twice a ye at Lady-day and Michael mas, or in a month after. Poor's rates may jnfpe&ed by an order from the committee* Veftrymen may prevent t paAage of carriages in Maddox-ftreet and Mill-ftreet during divine fen on Sundays and holidays. Penalty on perfons occafioning annoyance*’ carriages.in the ftreets 5s. and hories, Scc. may be feized* See, Pena on perfons occafioning other annoyances, and not removing the feme, 4 and not lefe than $s* and materials, &c. may be feized. Penalty if ( noyances are continued after notice for their removal, toe. for every j fence. No hoards to be ere&ed without licence from the furveyor, * fitall grant the feme on application. Hoards to be made agreeable to j licence, under a penalty for every twelve hours sos. and not lefe than; Materials may be feized, and if the penalty is not paid in five days may iold* ffenalty on fifting lime, except in the hoards, 40 s. Penalty I driving carriages, &c. on the foot pavements, xos. for the firft offefl so a. for the fecond offence, and 40 s. for the third, or other offence, i fur default of payment offender may be committed for ten days, and i left than three days. Scavengers not to fweep dirt into common few^ See, on penalty or 10s. one moiety to the perion who apprehends the, fender,, and on nonpayment the offender to be committed to hard labf for a month, and not lefe than feven days* Directing the'times for emp ing bogboufes, and laying the foil, between twelve o'clock at night 4 five in the morning from Michaelmas toXady-day, and rill four in I morning the other half year* The offender may be committed to b| labour tor a month, ana not lefe than ten days, and the committee m reward the apprehender with not more than sos. to be paid out of t rates* If water*pipes belonging to water companies (hall burft, the fee and the pavement opened on account thereof, to be repaired by their p ▼ior on notice given* Penalty on default 5I. On the burfting of water* pipes not belonging to water companies, the fame, and the pavement .opened on account thereof, to be repaired, under a penalty for default 51. For relaying the pavement in a certain time after being taken op for the purpofe of amending the pipes. Sec, two days after noriee, and if it fails m four months to be repaired on two days notice. If no pavior to the water company, the notice to be given to their derk* On default, ne* gUCf, or refulai to repair the water-pipes, and the pavement opened os account theieof, the committee to caufe it to be done, and may recover the expeace from the company, or perfon who fitall have negtoftted or refuted. Commiffioners of fewers to repair drains, Stc. or tne committee may caufe the fame to be done. Expenoe to be paid by commiftoneri of fewer*. The committee impoweredf to aft as commiffionen of feven. Streets, Sec. part of which are in Saint George's parilh, and part in as adjoining parifh, to be paved, &c. as ufual* Committee obtaining a ver-dift, defendant to pay treble Cofts. No action to abate on the death or removal of the clerk. Expences of the aft to be paid out of the money arifing by virtue thereof. Writings to be without ftamps. DtreChsg the recovery and application of penalties by diftrefs, on warrant of two juf-tkes, and fele of goods, or in default the party may be committed to tbs houfe of correction for two months, or till penalty paid to the banker. Inhabitants to be allowed to give evidence. Juftices to proceed for conviction of offenders, according to this form of conviCtion, viz.

City *nd libtry %f Weft minder, t$ •wit.

}B

E it remembered, That on the

of

reign of his Majefty before

iij

in the	year pf the

A. B. is confided of his Mtjcfty's jufficci of the peace for the faid city and liberty, by virtue of an ad of parliament, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the and (pecify the offence* and tbf time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be.]

Given under pur hfnds and feali, the day and year afaeftkL

Digitized by '

1782.] Anno vioefimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 85.

Wbeft not deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be (jotted for want of form. See. Plaintiff fbafl not recover if fuffirient a-■Mods tendered before aftion be brought. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcffions. Placet exempted out of this aft, viz. Berkeley Sooare, Grofvenor Square, and tlto ftreets adjoining, direfted to be paved, te. by 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. or by 14 Geo. 3. c. 51 that part of Piccadilly, from Clerges-ftreet to Hyde Park corner, and from the Sooth end of Park-lane to the north end of Hertford-ftreet, and all the pariih of Saint George, under any turnpike aft) or which hath not been rated by the parochial committee, (except Old Bond Street, New Bond Street, Blcto-bria Street, and part of Stafford Street) Streets, &c. belonging to pa-beet exempted. That Mr. Pitt’s houfe and courts yard (hall for the fu. tore be rated to Saint George’s parUh. Inhabitants charged under this ad to be exempted from the office of fcavenger, and the hanging out lights, and returns of annoyance jurors on account of defeftive pavements, See. And afts of m and 3 Wil. and Mary, and 19 Geo. ». and all other afts. To far as they rtlate to thole matters, within the limit of this aft, repealed. The proportion of the falariet of the officers to the com-miffiooers for the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, from the 15th of Jane next to ceafe, and not to be charged to any other parifh j but the committee under this aft to pay their proportion of the commiffioners expellees, for two years from the fame time, fo long as the other parifhes are habile thereto. Limitation of aftions not till after * 1 days notice to the vetry or clerk, nor after fix months, and to be laid in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and have treble cofts. To be a publick aft.

CAP. LXXXV,

Aa aft for the improvement of Portman Square, within the parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Reciting that the hon. William Portman, being feized of Portman Square, did demife the buildings, See. to William Baker, for years which will ex* pue at Lady, ><63 j and by tbeleafes a rent of 3*1. ns. id. per annum vas provided for lighting, painting, and repairing the enclofed part, which having been enlarged, tbe faid rent was not fufiicient therefore. Boo. William Portman, his heirs and afligns; Peter William Baker,' bis executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns; and John Elwes, efquires, together with all tbe occupiers or inhabitants appointed truftees, who are to aieet as they think proper, on feven days notice. Women inhabitants may sft is truftees by proxy of any other truftee. Tntftees may appoint officers; and allow them falaries. Three truftees to be a quorum. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Power of fencing and embelliQiing the garden veiled in truftees. Nothing in the aft fhall alter the inheritance of the garden. Materials veiled in truitees. Penalty on damaging the iron rads,lamps, dec. for the firft offence 40s. and not Ilfs than tos. for tbe fe-cosd, or other offence, 3I. and not left than sos. and alfo to make fa-ttfsftion for damages. For preventing annoyances, by laying dirt, landing with hackney coach or riding horfes, Sec. to forfeit sos. Rates, &c. for the fcveral purpofes of the aft twice, or oftener, every year, up-oq all inhabitants of boufes and premifes built, or to be built, encompalT-ing or abutting upon the faid fqoare, and alfo of all boufes built, or to be bmtt, in tbe four angles or corners of the feveral ftreets leading into tbe fcadkjoare, not to exceed 6d. in the pound per annum. Empty boufes to bt exemptecTtrOta tire-rate during their being unoccupied. Houfes let to ambaffadors (hall be paid by tbe proprietors, or the firft, or other te-fiaat, to be dedufted out of rent. Premifes within the limits of tbe aft, which are rated jointly with others, may be rated in proportion. Appeal to quarter feffions. Leflees, See. fubjeft to tbe payment of rates of houfet let to lodgers. Perfons occupying feparate apartments liable to pay rates, who may deduft the fame from their next rent. Perfons removing, and others (oocteduig them, to pay due proportions,, to be fettled by two

juftiesn.

Digitized by Google

m

Anna rjcffimo	GpoRfinUL	c^86.	[	17^*.

{oitices* Commencement of *thq from the a#tb w£ June, 171***! the firft payment to be on the sqfcb of September, a»d rates payable 41 terly. Peter William Baker, efq j to pay tbe balance of the airnoal r and afterwards tbe wh«>te of the rent, to the troa furcr of (be trufteetf. ftall be difrlurged from ufea thereof ^bf the tetd tab*. Truftcos rmmy borrow not more than i,qcol. on annuities* payable half pearly*. To law deemed pcrfonal eftatc, and not lubjeft to twees; or may borrow tbe f at intereft, if they think fit; and may align the rater as a bounty* tice tq Ije given previous to raifingof money,ibqitfl*n days in the f Qaactte, or other newlpapsr. SetwrttK* to be Cttpred inboobs, qf rates if refuied or negte&ed to bo paid, or that tbe party re fells their goods to be recovered by diftrtfr aside? entrant of two j« and fold ip five days* Treafurer and colleftor toaoeowat. Penalty 1 default 5 f, and Aibjcft to action. Money paid by tbe tresAevr^o be -tcred in a book. Ex pence* of this ad to be paid oat of the ftrft annoy raifed. Writings may be without damps. Psnafciee and forfeitures trHm recovered by daftrefc, under warrant of a juflice, and (aJeofgoodai tohe

applied for the pnrpofes of this aft; and in default tbe offeadtr may bo

HMnOnl

committed for a month, and not left than feven days, if not paid not to be deemed unlawful for want of forok Proceeding* not to

qualhed far want of form, or be removed by Certiorari. Perione segsatv* yd may appeal to the quarter feffioru; giving ten day# notice* Lxnit«« lion of aftions, mot till twenty one days notice to tbe clerk, or after threw

months Defendant may plead xthe general ifluo, and have treble eadt. Tb*» not tq affeft any other aft* relative to the parijh of Maryboae, and to be a publick act.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for explaining and amending two ads, one made in the elwvewtb,

and the other in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty, for paving certain ftreets in the parifhes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the county of Middlefex, and lor other pui^ofes; and for ex* tending the provisions of the laid act* to other parts of the faid parifhes, and allb tor opening certain communications within the (aid pa rids of Saint George.

I

Recital of *1 Geo. j. c. ix; and 17 Geo. j- c. %%. Red Lion Street mid Queen's Head Alley, and the feveral other ftreets. See. in the paridf of 8t. John of Wapping, made or to be opened (except tbofo paved by tbe lad ad) and lo much of Wapping High Street as lies in the parish of St. George, and of St. Paul, Shad well, and fo much of Old Gravel Lane as lies in the faid parifh of St. George, fo far as the meffuages, Sec. adjoining the (aid ftreets, See extend, and alfo the feveral ftreets, See. to be opened by an aft; of this ftflion, cap. 35. to be the diftrift of tbe coinmUHoners under the hr ft recited aft; aud all tbe ftreets. See. in the parifli of St. George, and thofe lying on the eaft fide of Old Gravel Lane, and aUo tbe ftreets^ &c. to be opened by ix Geo. 3. c. 13. and to the extent of the rneffuagwe, dec. in or adjoining tbe fame, to be the diftrift of the comniftioners under the fecond recited aft. Two undivided third parts of tenements in Wap-png High Street, in the pariftx of St. George, to be in Wap ping diftrift, the remaining third part in St. George's diftrift. Meffuages, «c. lying behind thole pulled down, or built in their room, to be in the diftrift where the others Hood. Powers of former a&s extended to this aft. Power to anile money* as direfted by former afts. Streets, dec. to be paved, viz. ta •the firft diftrift fo muoh of Nightingale Lane at lies in St. John's, Wap ping, Church Street, Upper Gun Alley, Upper Weil Alley, and the ftmetl .to be opened by cap. 35. of this feftian ; and m the other diftrift, HUtterfs Court, King Street, Charles Street, Ratcliff Street, weft fide of Blue Gate Tields, Prulbn's liUnd, Ship Street, Gould Street, Silver Street, Beall .Street, Prir.ce* Street, Fawften Fields, the avenue of Old Gravel Lane, Harrow Alley. Old Starch Yard, Seven Star Alley, Star and Garter Yard,

* ficnmaifc Sttcct* 2kct»'& StfXfif, Bed Strop** and Bed Alley* Raters* %e

made

Digitized by

Google

Awe vidcfiroo fccundo Georgii HI. c.67.

made hr paving ftreet*, Ac. Annuities at iol. par cent, par ann. ?| tbe firft diftriS to raifc 3,4001. in (be other diilrid 7,tool. An account to be kept in each diftrift. Only 6d. in the pound for footways. Wafte Unde. &c. belonging to tbe city of London, or Chris's* Bridewell, and St. Thomas’s hoipitaU not to be afieffid without tbe content of tbe go* Tenors. Accounts for new d Ari& to be kept fe par ate. No other ftreefti to he paved, but by tbe petition of two thirds of tbe houfohqlders* landU lords, or owners. Sue* petition to be figned by tenants in ’pofltffioa for life or years, or agents of bodies corporate faftkienu Gommi (Owens ad* tog under 17 Geo. 3. c. ••. impowered to raife money for paying tbe ean •cooes ef parang Red Lion Street,.and..QjM#n's Head Alley. Rates to land charged on mefluages and goods found therein. No tenant’s gooda to be fobird tn Teles tor any longer term than be ha* occupied tb« tufa. Notice of appeals in writing to .he read in and Asad on church doors three dayw before, hearing complaints.. Rates to be recovered again ft tenant or tandiffrfi by alUon* atWcftmioAcr, nr no.iofetk>r court, if fos.or upward#* and if under, in tbe court of #equefts* Uurb code, m the •me of tbe collc£k*v or other per fan* ; a* the caraiHififtentf*dballappoint, Nd aftion to be-brought again# ihfroollfdor but in tbe court of reqweft*, unlstefsr 40 »* or upwards. No goods,	bo	let otJtiin.tbe Aceets,

OonuaanicOtioTH to be opened, between Htrrokage Street and Virginia Strict, and between Hermitage Stoeftt and Bird Strcft.-aftd ajfo between Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lano. No rate .to be made; on the boufes, Ac. in or near (he opening between Old and New -GttaveJ Lane* till tbe feme i# mule, Sec. And William Stokes to be. drib paid 441. fof paring. All ads to be done by the major part of conuniftoetrs at wegtr Kg 1, if not lefs than five Expencee of this ad to bo.paid (except 151.) ostof any money arifmg by 17 Geo* 3* c. %%. Limitation of adions for a&ing under this ad, not till thirty days notice, nor after tender of amends^ or after fix months. The defendant may piead the generftl iflue, and have treble cofts. To be-a publick ad.	. —

""'C'A'p. zxzxviv

An aft for paving, and freeing from rtdrfapces and annoyances, the (eve-ral ftreets, ways, and places, wifhin the parifh of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlefex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the hamlet of Ratciiffe, within the laid parifii; and for making ways or ftreets into the ftreet called Rifby’s Rope Ground, and through or acrofs Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a ftreet called Ropemaker’s Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the faid ftreet called Riiby’s Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforefaid.

When any commillioner dies, refufes to ad, or is declared a bankrupt, dr crafes to refide, or be owner of an eltate within the limits of the act, or neglcfts to attend meetings for twelve months together, (except in carte of ncknefs, or other unavoidable caufe) the other cortur.imoners to eled other* in their room, on ten days* notice, fixed on the church door of St. Anne’s church. Qualification of commiflioners, 50I. per ann. freehold or copyhold, or i.cooT. perfonal eftare. Penalty on ading if not qualified* 501. Commiifioners to take the following oath.

IA. B do fwear, (or, being of the people called Quakers, do affirm), that | truly and bona fide am in my o«n right, or (if married) in the right of toy wife, in the adual pofleffion and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tepementt, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds above reprizes, or pofiefTed of or entitled to perfonal eftate to the amount of one thoufand pounds, over and above payment of my debts.

So' help me 0 0 D.

*■ ♦	V *>. .	J	.	/

Proceedings to be at publick thfetihgs only. live to $e afgidrum. Fjlft meeting of cimmiffionkri	thV

act.

t*t

f'

Digitized by Google

Anno viccfimo fecundo Gkorgii III. c. 87. [1782,

•ft. If at any meeting a proper number do not attend, the derk me appoint another meeting, airing fix daft* notice' fixed to the church do* In cafe of the derk*» death, fee. meetings may be appointed by two com miffioners. Gommifiionert to bear their own ex pern**. No perfon cape ble to aft who holds any place of profit, fee. Commiffioners may appoifl officer*, and allow them ialariea. .Officers to give fecurity j and to accoue on oath. Money in hand, books, fee. to be delivered up on demand, an In cafe of retnfal for twenty-four hoars aftions may be brought, or at complaint a juftke may grant a warrant to proceed by diftrels and fall On failure of diftrefs, fee. offender to be committed till payment, or fa fix months. On death of officers, fee. executors to account. In cafe I nonpayment, aftions may be brought againtt executors, fee. Penalty o officers taking any reward other than their falaries, or being concerns in any contract, tool. New carriage and foot ways from Qneen Strm Into the ftreet allied Rifby’s Rope Ground, and through or crols Should! of Mutton Alky into Fore Street, and from thence through a ftreet calk Ropemaker's Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in Riibv'

1 Rope Ground aerofe certain lands into Three Colt Street. Perions mm Incapacities impowered to fell and convey lands, fee. In cafe of refofel I treat, a jury (hall be fummoned. Jurymen may be challenged. Whmfe to be examined upon oath. Jury to afiefs the value of lands, fee. and di mages. Verdift of jury, fee. to be final. Upon payment of the fums af fefled, lands, fee. to bis conveyed to the commiffioners. On failure Hr making out a good title, or in executing conveyances, the money to be paid into the mink, fee. Judgements to be registered. Immediately after verdift, decrees, fee. and payment! lands, fee. vetted in tbe comtmffion* era. At the reoueft of the parties, purchafe money may be placed in tbs funds. Perfons infilled to toe mefne profits to recave tbe dividend!, la cafe of nonpayment, tbe verdift, See. not binding. Purchafe monies mav be laid out in lands, fee. for tbe former ufes. Conveyances to be legal, notwithftanding want of title. Claims to be made in five years, or the commiffioners to be quieted In poffeffion. Perions barred may bring actions for monies received for their ufe. Tenants at will, and (eflees for a year, to quit. Mortgagees required to affign mortgages, on payment of principal and intereft, fee. In cafe of refufal, money to be paid into tbe bank. All fums paid to be chargeable on monies raifed for making tbe faid openings according to this aft. Penalty on fheriffs, jurymen, &c. neglecting tneir duty, a fine of 10I. Overplus ground may be fold. Com-miffioners impowered to pave the ftreets, fee. at prefent built within the parilh of St. Anne Limehoufe, and alfo Queen Street and London Street, and the faid ways intended to be made, and to remove annoyance*. Commiffioners may fell the old materials. Any perfon repairing pavement, other than tnofe employed by the commiffioners, or ooftruoing the work, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials veiled in tbe commiffioners.^ Pavement may be taken up for repairing water-pipes, fee. Fencing in and lighting the ground, and giving notice thereof with-in fix hours after finifbed to the commiffioners* paviour, on penalty of 40s. and be is to proceed in one day after to pave the fame on penalty of 40 s. Commiffioners may contract for paving pipe trenches. Chtrges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by perfons occafioning the damage. Paviours to the water companies to give notice to the comimfliooert* clerk of their names and places of abode, on penalty of sos. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Pipes broken, not fa-longing to the company whofe paviour fhall open fuch ground, to be paid for his trouble by the proprietor of fuch pipes. Proprietors of ruiaoas drams to repair them 1 andf in cafe of default, the commiffioners to repair them at the proprietors* expence. Commiffioners of fewer* to be mo-snoned when any repair of fewer*, fee. is wanted. Penalty on laying goods, fee. in the ftreets; or obftrufting the fame by carriages, 40s. Carriages and things caufing obftruftions may be feized. Penalty on driving wheel-barrows, fee. on tbe foot pavements, 10 s. Hoards may be erefted for building or repairing boufes. Inhabitants to fweep tbe foat-pttfa kttwtn feven and nine o'clock every day on penalty of 51. Horn to

fa

Digitized by L.00Q le

*93

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgij III.

be nambered, and names of ftreets, Sec. to be fixed on the corner houfet. Penalty on defacing fucb numbers, &c. 51. Projections, See, to be removed oa penalty of 51, and alfo so s. a week during continuance. Rates to bemsae when the ftreets. Sec. are ordered to be paved (which is to be proceeded in within three months, and completed in reafonable time) not acceding 1 s. 6 d. in the pound yearly, to be paid quarterly or oftener. For proportioning the rates, one third to be paid by the proprietor, and allowed out of rent. Tenants of divided houfes to pay the rates. The new ftreets to be paved out of the monies collected within the fame only. Rates to be figned by two juftices. If tenants refufe to pay, rates may be recovered by diftrefs and (ale, by warrant of two juftices. If no diftrefs can be found, the party to be committed for three months, nor left than one month, or till payment with colts. All perfons in arfear may be comprized in one warrant, or fcbedule thereto. Places of publick worfhip, &c. (hall be rated at 6 d. a year for every fquare yard of pavement lying in the front of fucb premifes to be meafured to the middle line of the ftreet. Such rates fhall be paid, for every church and churchyard by the churchwardens, for every piece of vacant ground by the proprietor, for every netting houfe by the proprietor, trurcees, Sec, and for every hofpital, pri-fos, or other publick building by the treafurer. Sec, to be recovered by a&on at Weftminfter, or in the court of requefts for the tower hamlets, if undergo s. with cofts, in the name of the colle&or, or as the commiflion-en (hall appoint. Wafte or vacant ground to be fenced in at the expence of the owner. Occupiers quitting tenements, Scc. without paying rates, may be followed. Perfons paying thefe rates, exempted from all other expences of paving. Agreements between landlord and tenant not vacated. If colle&ors become infolvent, the money to be again aflefled. Commiflioners may borrow money at intereft, or raife money by fale of annuities at 10I. per cent, and not more than 5,0001. in the whole. Profile, for Three Colt Street not more than 6001. Commiflioners may or* dcr repayment of monies borrowed at intereft, &c. Annuities, Scc. may beaffigned. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. When annul* ties ceafe by death, other annuities may be fold. Expences of this aft to be paid oat of the ftrft money railed by virtue of this aft, and divided, proportioned and charged upon the ftreets, &c. already built, and on thofe intended, when built, as the commiflioners fhall determine; and any period advancing money for the above purpofe, to have full intereft. for making op a general account of receipts and difburfements yearly in the month of June. Penalties may be mitigated to not left than a moiety. Commiflioners who are juftices'may aft in any appeal, &c. as any other juftices j and bring a ft ions. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the leflions; giving si days nonce. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs and lale of toe offender's goods, by warrant from a juftice, to be applied for the purpofes of the aft, and on nonpayment, and no diftrefs, the party may be committed for three months, and not lefs than 14 days, unleis paid with cofts in the mean time. Commiflioners may reward informers. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends hath been made. Writings to be without ftamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book to be figned by the clerk, to be deemed original orders, and may be given in evidence. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Limitation of aftions for afting under this a£t, not till zo days notice to the clerk, or after fatisfaftion, or tender of amends, or after three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general iflfue, and give this aft and the fpecisl matter in evidence, and have treble cofts. This to be a pub* lick aft.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

k	off to continue the term of an	made in the twenty-fourth

jur of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, fo repairing and widening the road from Prejhn to Lanlhfttt\ Vol. XXXIV.	O	and



Digitized by LjOOQle

194

Anno vicefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 89—^93*. [1782.

and from thence to a place called Heiring-fyke* that divides the counties of Lancajler and Wejlmorland'.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft for extending the provijions of an aft*, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majejiy, for more effectually amending fe-veral roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parifh of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the (aid parifn, to Perran ahnfhoufe, and from The Three Burrows, in the (aid parilh, to Saint Agnes alms-houfe, in the kid county.

CAP. XC.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paffed in tie firjl year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Crofs, in the parilh of Leven, in Holdernefs, in the eaft riding of the county of Ter I, to the town of Beverley, in the laid county.

CAP. XCI.

An aft to confir m, and carry into execution, certain articles of agree-ment entered into between the right honourable James earl of Si-lifbury, and the trujlees appointed by and under feveral ads cf parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parifh of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemnsford Mill, in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the faid road, in the manner mentioned in the faid agreement.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of bis late MojeJlj, for repairing feveral roads leading to the town of Oakhampm, in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an aft, mode in the firjl year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An ad) for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to Stain-drop, in the county of Durham; and from the faid turnpike road near Smallways, acrofs the river Tees, to Winjlon, in the faid county of Durham j and for building a bridge over the faid river at or near Winjlon Ford.

Digitized by L.ooQle

CAP.

1782.] Anno vfccfimo ftcundo Georgii HI, c. 94—98.

GAP. XCIV.

An oil for enlarging the term and powers of an aily made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An a<5t for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Littlegatey at the top of Leadenham Hill* in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide- poft at the divifton of Kelbam and Mujkham lanes to Mansfieldy and from South-well to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the weft fide of Newark Bridge to the /aid guide-poft.

CAP. XCV.

An aft for continuing the termy and altering and enlarging the powers, of an a£l of the fecond year of his prefent Majejly y for a-mending and widening the road from the market-houfe in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradleyy and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of fVorcefier, Stafford, and Salop, fo far as the fame relates to the roads leading from the market-houfe in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefpwen ; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

CAP. XCVI.

An ail for continuing the termy and altering and enlarging the powers, of an afly of the firft year of his prefent Majejly, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to IVordjley Green Gate $ and from the weft end of BUfton Street, in Wol-verhamptoHy to The High Street, oppofite The Old Bu/hy in J)udley; and from a place, called Burnt Treey near Dudleyy to Birmingham; and from The Market Crofs in lVolverhamptony to Cannock \ in the counties of Staffordy tVorceftery and IVarwick,

C A P. XCVII.

An ail for enlarging the term and powers of an aity made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his 'majejly King George the Se-md, intituled, An adt for amending and widening the road frotn Bawtry to Sheffieldy and from Sheffield to the fouth fide of IVort'tey, in the county of Yotky where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Mancheftery fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from Bawtry aforefaid to Tinfley, and through part of the totOn of Tinfley, to the place where the fame joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

CAP. XCVIII.

An ail for continuing the term and altering the powers of an ail of the firft year of his prefent Majejly, Jcr Amending the road from O 2	Dartford

Digitized by Google

i$6 Anno viceflmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 99—103. [1782.

Dartford to Northfleet, end other roads therein mentioned, in tbe county of Kent; and for allowing an annual payment out of tbe tolls arifing upon the J,aid roads, to the trujlees for the care of the toad leading from Rochefter to Maidftone, in tbe faid county, to be applied for the purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. XC1X.

An aft fir enlarging the term and powers of an aft, of the tenth fear of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An adt for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

CAP. C.

An aft fir amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from the Willerfley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Field, to the turnpike road at Broad Heath ; and from the turnpike road at or near tbe Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at Grendon Green, in the counties of Hereford and Worcefter.

CAP. CL

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in tbe firfi year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading ^to and through the towns of Weymouth, and Mehombe Regis aad Dorchejler, in the county of Dotfet; and for repairing the road leading from tbe parijb of Warm well, through the parifbes of Poxwell and Ofmington, to tbe church in the faid parijh 0/Ofmington, in the faid county ^Dorfet.

C A P. CII.

An aft for continuing the term of an aft, made in tbe fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for amending and widening the road leading from the high poft road near the town of Faverfham, by Bacon's Water, through Afhford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent \ and from Bacon's Wa-ter, to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, neaMhc city of Canterbury.

CAP. CIII.

An aft for reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of on aft of the thirtieth year of bis late Majefly, intituled, An adt for amending, widening, and keeping in repair* feveral roads in and near to the town of Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcefler, and Hereford; and fir amending

and

Digitized by Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 104—108.

and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Clee. Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road, leading from Bromyard to Tcnbury in the faid counties.

CAP. CIV.

An aft to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an afty made in the thirty-third year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Hale-worthy, in the parilh of Davidftowy in the county of Cornwall, to the call end of WadebridgCy in the faid county; and from the weft end of Wadehridge aforefaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell, in the faid county.

CAP. CV.

An aft for amendingy wideningy and keeping in repair n the road from Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the county of Cheftcr.

CAP. CVI.

An oft for repairing and widening the road from Tarporley, in the county palatine of Cheftcr, to Adlon Bridge, near Wcverham, in the fame county. •

CAP. CVIL

An aft for enlarging the term and powers offo much of an a Ry made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituledy An a<5f for repairing and widening the high road leading from AJbbornty in the county of Derbyy to the town of Leeky in the county of Staffordy and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rujhton Comnwty to Congletony in the county of Cheftcr; and alfo the road leading from Blytb Marjby In the county of Staffordy through CheadUy Oakamoory and Blorey to the turnpike road, from AJbborne to Buxtony near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the diftrift of road between Afhborne and Congle-ton; and for repairing the road from the end of Alhborne Churchyard to the top of The Dig Street, in Alhborne afore-faid.

CAP. CVIII.

An oft to enlarge the term and powers of an afty pafjed in the thirty-third year of the reign of King George the Secondy for repairing the roads from the town of Brecony to the parifh of Broburjy and to fVhitney PaffagCy in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wyey at Bredwardine Paffagey in the fame county; fo far as relates to fuch of the roads com-prized in the faid aft as he in the county of Hereford.

CAP.

Digitized by

Anno vicefrmo ftctmdo GEorgii III. c.109—114. [1782. C A P. C!X.

An off to enlarge the term dnd powers of an aft, paffed in the feconi year of his prefent Majefly, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Wey Hill, in the county of South-ampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

CAR CX.

An aft ' to continue the term and alter the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled. An a<S for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Hertry Eyre elquite, in the parifh of White Parifh, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Ronijey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

C A R CXI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the ft ft year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An a& for repairing and widening the road from tl\e borough of Appleby, in the county of Weflmorland, through the townlhip of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Higbgate, near Tibay, in a part of the high-way between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the tOwn of Kirby Steven, to the town of Market Brough, in the faid county,

C A R CXTI.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads from a place called The JHardwfcke, in the pprifh of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, end from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county ^Hereford.

c A p. cxiii.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in ‘the county if arecon; attdalfi the road through Marifh Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the fame county.

CAR CXIV.

An aft to repeal fo much (f an aft, puffed in the fecond year of tit reign of his prejent fytajejly, for repairing and Widening the road from Flimwell Vent, Jn the county of Sujfcx, through Higbgate, in the county of Kent, and the parifhes of Sandlwjl, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the faid county of Svjfex\ and from Higbgate aforefaid, to Cooper*s Corner, in the (aid u	county

Digitized by Google

1782.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Georg 11 III. c. 115,116.

county of' Suffix, and to Tubb's Lake, in the faid county of Ktnt\ as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the term ana powers of the faid aft with rejpeft to the other roads therein contained

C A P. CXV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of feveral afts pajffed in the eleventh, twenty-fixtb, and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Churchy through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crofs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. CXVI.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of two afts, pajffed in the fecond and eleventh years of his prefent AfajeJIy's reign, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Blyth Marlh to the road leading from Alhborne to Buxton, near Thorp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the fame road to the road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

END op PART I. VOL. XXXIV.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Digitized by v^»ooQle

THE

Statutes at large,

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. Regis.

Being the THIRD Seffion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV. PART It.

Jf

Digitized by Google

4

*

Digitized by



STATUTES at Large, Me.

T; ji, T .mi.-W	m*

•dton*)regritX3EOR-GII HI. Regis, me ffiritannice, Franci, & Hibernia, yicejtmo tertio.	'

4T tie parliament begun arid holden at Weft-minder, the tbirty-firft day of Odtober, ni 1780, in the tioenty-firft year of tie reign of qur fovereign lord GEORGE ‘Third, by tat grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by federal prorogations, to the fifth day ^December, 1782} being the thirdfejjion of ikf fifteenth parliament ef Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft to permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye* rye flour, barley, and all font of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of rfle loir Autfeotherein mentioned, for a-limited time.

Af^vGg0* ItWM*. recited. PronvDec. *5,17S*, wheat, wheat flour, rjfe, rye flour, barley, and all forts of corni grain, and meal^ from any country or place whatfotever, may be imported in Britifh or ifcutral teflels, upon payment of the duties mentioned in the recited and alto the H»o additional 5 per cents, on thofc duties. Corn, &c. imported before 4he paffing of this aft, and wareboufed, may be taken opt, &c. on payment ot the duties. This aft to continue as to England, till Aug. ay, I’iJrtj. apd as to Scotland, till Sept. *5, following.

CAP. II.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft more effeftually to prevent his Majefty’s enemies fron^ being fupplied with (hips or veflcls from Great Britain.	^

Aft s« G^o. 3, cap. 71, recited, which is continued dating tlje prefent hoftShcks,

Pa	CAP.

Digitized by Google

204	Anno	viceCmo	tertio GboKOII III. €.3,4.	[1783.

cap. ni.

Ao a& for |rudi4 an aid to hit Ma)sftjr by a land tat, to bariri&d ia Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thou (and fern kaadrad and eighty three. — «,037,627!. 9a. J to be raifed in Great Bri-tpi«A whereof 1,989*6731. 7*. aod. i in England and Wafcv «p4 * 47*944!. vt.td. in Scorlafld at 4s. in the pound. —Loan oa Eg:

4	chequer'biiU at *4!: lot. per’ cent.

CAP. IV.

An* aft far condoning* awthyantfng to Me Majefty certain duties npea malt, mum, cyder, and Perry, for the fcrvice of the year one tbouiand (even hundred and eighty three.

daub, in an X'Xtl-.yfad whertas by	mode	in	fixth	year	tf-Ms

•a	6 Gto.J,	Majtfifs	rtign, (intituled, An aft for repmling the duties grant-

c. 4. fee. 7. *d upon cyder and perry by an ad made in the third year of noted. his prelent Majefty’s reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually fecur-ipg the duties on cyder and perry impofed by foveral former -aids;) a duty after the rate ef JbiBngs and eight-pence per beg/bead watt from and after tie fifth day tf Jirfy.ew	fe-

. ven hundred and fixty-fix, laid upon all tyder and perry he made in Great Britain, and fent or	to	any	faff or, tr

agent who Jbould reteive the fame to fed or difpofe of to he paid by fuck foffer or agent: and whereas by the find aff it wot . That if any faff or or agent	during the	continuance

of the	faidfixth year ef his	rtign, for continuing

' ing to his Aiajefly certain d upon , mum, cyder, and perry, "for the fervitt' of the year one thoufand ftven hundred and be charged with and pay the duty offour	per	upon

any quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon him or her as receiver thereof., or agent	, for every

hogjbtad of fuch tyder or perry ft charged, /difcharged of four /hillings,port of the faidfixteen	and ; and it ms

thereby declared. That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no cafewbalfttvtr Jbould be chargeable with mere than fixtten JbilSngs and eight-pence per bog/bead: therefore, to prevent any danbts tr difficulties with rt/ptff to the charging tr payment of the duties hereby continued or granted, and to fteure the cyder and perry, in the fion tf futh faffors and agents, from being liable to Where the than tyder er perry which Jhall be received or JifpeJed tf by other per-duty granted fens will be fubjtffto-, be it enabled and declared t>y the audio* cvdw'or Der* 5**1 af°refeid» That in cafe any cyder or perry (hall be received ry7 in cuttody *nto the cuftody or poflefiion of any fiwftor or went, for which «t a faftosr' it lhall appear, by a certificate, under the band of the proper Jhall be certU officer of cxcife, that the duty continued or granted by this aft been chafed ^ave ^cen charged for fuch cyder or perry, fuch fadtor or the fadormaU a6ent lhall, for every hoglhead of fuch cyder or perry fo chaig* t* discharged ea, (land difeharged of four (hillings, part of the faid duttof thereof. fixteen (hillings and eight-pence: and that cyder and perry w&U ... ..	.	.	t»t»

Google

i7&$.] Anno vicefitio tertio GeoRgii III. c. 6.	to$

ftot, in any cafe or cafes whatfoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger doty or duties in the whole (including the duty continued or granted by this ad) than after the rate of tixtecn (hillings and eight*pence per hogfhcad, for or on account of the fame being in the cuftody or potTe/fion of all or any of the perfons liable to pay any duty or duties in refped thereof.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be k further ena&ed by the Competitions authority aforefaid. That fo much of this ad, or any other ad for malt made thereby refetred unto, as relates to the allowing the making of f®f competitions for the duties on malt, not made foe fate but for private ufe only, maybe repealed, altered, or varied, by any ad or ads to be paged in this prefent feflion of parliament.

*

CAP. V.

Aa aft for cootifURM an ad, paffcd in the twenty* fecond y«ar of the reigu of his prefect Majefiy, intituled. An ad for retraining fir Thomas Ruin bold baronet, and Peter Perring efquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for difeovering their eftates and eSeert, and presenting the transporting or alienating the fame. ■ —

Continued during the prefent feflion of parliament, but may be altered.

CAP. VI.

JoeSte continut ftvtral laws, rslating to the regulating the fees of tffictrs of the cuflomsand naval officers in America; to the *-tug the exportation of tertain quantities of , other tles, to bis Majejlfs fugar colonies in America; to tho permitting the exportation of	tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britifh

jugar	colonicfor plantations in the Weft Indies; and to the

ingthe duties upon pot and	pearl q/bes, woo and ,

ed into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHERE AS the	laws berein-of,ter mentioned have, by Preamble.

rieuee, been found ujeful and beneficial, and are near expiring', my it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadtod: ind be it ena&ed by the King’* rnoft excellent majefty, by ana with the advice ana content of the lords fprritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Dame, That to much of an aft, made in the so much of tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relate* to the 10 Geo. 3, regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms in America, aod “P* 17. for extend ing the feme to the naval officers there, which was to he in force from the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven a* Mates to ' hundred and feventy, for the term of two years, and from thence regulating the te the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which was, by three afts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and nine* ttenth years of tbe reign of his prefent Majefty, further continu* Amariea, aduatil the firfk day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and tabty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion efpvltammtj l^ali be, and the fame iy hereby farther conti«

Google

to 6

further continued until Aug. 1,1786, &c.

So much'of s6 Geo. 3, «p. 37,

it relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, See. to his Ma-jefty’s fugar colonies in America,

further continued until May i, 1784.

So much of if Geo. j, cap. 4^»

as prariits the exportation of tobacco-pipeclay to the fugar colonics.

further edn • taaued until June S4» V*7i &c.

so Gqp. ft cap. *5,

Annp vicefimo tgrtio GEo&an III. c. 6. f 178^

qued from the expiration thereof until the firft d*y of A\tgufi% one thou fan d feven hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fefltoo of parliament.

, II. And be it further enafted by the authority afprgfaid, Thtt fp much of an ad, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefqnt Majefty, intituled. An 4ft for allowing the ixjnrtatim of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to bis Majeftys fit-gar colonies in America, and to the ifiand cf Saint Helena, aM te the other fetllements; belonging to the united eo&tpany of merchants tf England trading to the Eaft Indies, and <f bifeuit and ptaje te Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons with refptft to advifmg or carrying into execution his M<*j‘fly's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, which Was to continue in force until the firft day of January, one thoufand feveh hundred and feventy-feven; ahd which, by feveral afts, made in the feventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-firft, and twenty- fecond years of the reign of his prefent Mi-jefty, was continued until the firft day of May, one thou&iKj feven hundred and eighty-three 5 (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four*

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, T'hat fo much of an a<51, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the ewtitb rule in the book of rates, fo far as the fame relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raifins, oni jer making the importer of fuch goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the faid rule with refpeft to fuch allowance for damage on other goods 5 and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britifh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, for a limited time; as permits the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the tri-tijh fiigar colonies Or plantations in the Weft indies; which was tb continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by an a<ft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his pretent Majefty, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufoWd feVen hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; (ball be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twtnty-fpnrth day of June, one thoufand (tan hundred and eighty-feyenv and from thence to the end of the then next feflion » parliament.	,

4V. And to it farther ena6faed by the authority afortftd, Tbkt-att aft; made in thenwewtteth year of the itign oWs prefent Majefty, intituled,’ An aft for repeating tb* duties fffitit uftoftfM&arfybis, wad dnd tvMaJbn^ import* imQtj*

L"-	Digitized by G00gle	'	^

*ojr

Anno vicefimo tertio Gbqxsu HI, c. 7 —9!

Britain, and for granting other dutiti in Urn	ftr	a	limited

time which was to continue in force until the thirty-firft day hf May., one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three* (hall k, and the lame is hereby further continued until the thirty- „^d untjT*1* M day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix. May ji, (7stf.

CAP, VJI.

Anift for the regulation of bis Majefty's marine forces while on (hore»«* The lame as Jaft year.	%

cap. viir.

An	for continuing fewr*l a&i paJTcd for the better regulation of

age and ballaiUge in the river Thames,

A8k 6 Geo. a. c. *9, further contused until June 14* 1794, and to the tod of next ieflion.

CAP- IX.

A* aB for piloting the importation of riff, paddy, Indian fern, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, ftr

tTTHEREAS allowing tbt fret importation	Paddy,	p

W Indian corn, Indian meal,, and maize, into Great Britain, ftr a limited	time,will be ofgreat	advantage, and may be tbt meant

Of	ttutqraging the making	of forth from	may it therefore

pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confenf of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this ad, it IbaU be tram tbs pan liwful for any perfon or perfons to import into Great Britain, fag of this at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one aftantil Sept, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, any rice, paddy, /*- *^5,,$'5ee* dim corn, Indian meal, and maize, from any country or place Sm/frr?miiy whatfoever, in any Britijb fhip or veflcl legally navigated, or in be imported any foreign fhip er veflel, belonging to any kingdom ojr (late i*» duty-free j amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, navigated by foreign fcamen, without the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofkion whatfoever; any thing in any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not* withlianding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That a due provided due entry (hall be made, in fucb manner and form at wore pradifed entry thereof or ufed before the making of this ad, of all Indian corn, Indian J* meal, and maize, which (hall he imported or brought into this ,mPor**Uon-kingdom, by virtue <of this ad, before the laid thirtieth day of September, at the coftotn-houfe belonging tp the port into which

& fame Audi be imported or brought ip; orotberwife, inde-t of making («d> entry, .fucb Indian corn. Indian meal, and anmr, flwH be. liable to foch and fbefame duties as wore pajt-Sfitapbothe importation themtf itafoie the mpkwgof this ad*

P4	any

Digitized by Google

»o# Atmo viecfitM tertio Gko&ou III. c« io^«4. tf #3*

any thing herein contained to the 'contrary notwitkfbodmg* and fuch Indian corn, Indian meal, and maiae, may be earned i . .	...	coaftwife,	under fuch regulations as wheat, wheat flour, and

pulfe, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be ; carried coaftwife, at all times before the Aid thirtieth day ef iSeptenfher, ooe thoufrnd fipvcn hundred and eighty-three.

,	_	.	C	A	P.	x/

A* ^ for further continuing an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefen t. M*jcfty# for allowing the importation of line prganzined Italian thrown 4jk In any type or vends, for a limited time.

Ada 19 Geo. 3. q. 9* tp <?$o. c. 9.. and *1 G$o. 3, c; 6. further eoatt pued until March *5,17*4.

CAP. XL

ffn aft to amend an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of tht reign of King peorge the Second, intituled, An ad for the more « Sffeftual Securing* the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit (be importation of currants into Great Britain tn finaU packages \ to repeal fuch fart of the provifo in an aft of the eighteenth year of ~u * the reign of his prefent Majefty, as permits Portugal aarf-Spanim wines, and other Wines, (except French wines) to he imported in Jmall cofks fer private uft; and for taking off the inland dutypojh able upon the importation of cocoa nuts into this kingdom, upon tit exportation thereof as merchandize.

Preamble.	E RE A S by an aft, made in the twenty-fourth yetor of

*4 Geo. a.	' yy the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, inti-

c*4»,recced, tuled, An aft for the more effleftual fecuring the duties upon tobacco; it is, amongfi other things, enafted. That no tobacco or to* bqcco (talks exceeding twenty four pounds weight, nor any fnujft*-ceeding ten pounds weight, fhall be in any form or manner wbatjdever removed, carried, or conveyed by land, from any port or place of tm* portation in Great Britain, to any other port or place within this kingdom, without a certificate being firft had and obtained from the eolleftor and comptroller, or other chief officers at the port or place where the tobacco was imported, that the duties thereof were paid or fecuhed in the manner direfted by the f'aid aft: and whereas great quantities of tobacco are clandtfiinely run on Jbore at fevered of the . out-ports of this kingdom, and fuch tobacco, and great quantities of f	tobatco folks, \and fnuff manufafturei from tobacco, fo clandtfiinely

run on Jbore, are afterwards removed from fuch out-ports, toother 1	.	ports and places in the country, and from thence convoyed into Lon-

don, ahetparts adjacent thereto, without the certificates direfted by ehefaidticited aft, under a pretence that fuch tobacco, tobaccofolks, and fnuff 1 are’not removing from the tort or place of importahmc 'tdkefrtby tht good purpofes intended by toe fetid aft have Joe* and men \ke defeated, 'Ho the great prejudice of the puMick revenue and tbi fitbr -e?ader: for remedy Whereof may it pleafe youjr MayeStv skil* wtm bfe touted j and be it drafted by the Xing's moAjwfcb i	‘	f	V"	hut

Digitized by CjOO^lC

I7&3-] Aura vicelimoTWiib Georoii III. c. i i.	209

1cm oifijcfty, byand wishthe advice and corifent of the lords (pKinial and temporal, and- commons, in this prefant parliament sfbmbled, and by the authority, of the lame, That, from From March and after the twenty-fifth dayof March, one thoufand feven »j* *Mj. no1 hundred and -eighty-three, no tobacco, or tobacco ftalks, ex-seeding twenty-four pounds weight, nor any fnuff exceeding	**

ten pounds weight, which (hall have been removed or carried ^ib. nor by land from the port or place of importation in Great	fnuff exceed-

to any other port or place within this kingdom, (hall be after-'o'JV wards removed or carried to any other port, town, or place rew0Ttj whatfbever in Great Britain, without a certificate being firft had from tb« place and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief of importa-officcrs of the cuftoms at the port or place from which fuch **?“» goodt are intended to be fo removed; but if there it not any with-* officer.of the cuftoms redding at fuch place, then from the offi-. oat a proper ccr of excife for the divifion with whom the former certificate certificate, was entered, that it appears to them, by. the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books upon their former removal, that the duties for fuch tobacco or (huff, or that the duties for .	>

the tobacco from which fuch tobacco ftalks or fnuff were re-(pedively dripped or maaufadured, as the cafe may be, were paid or Kcured at the port or place of importation; and alfo by what carriage fuch goods, and every part- thereof, came, and were before removed as aforefaid, and the time when j and alfo -that the perfon or perrons who (hall apply to him or them for fuch certificate had made oath to the truth thereof: and before toy fitch certificate (hall be granted, the proprietor of fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, or the factor or agent applying for the fame, (hall deferibe and infert on the back of fuch certificate, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which fitch goodt are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and alio the true and exaft weight of each particular fpecics of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the feme are- to be delivered, and to which and by what carri- .	..	.

age they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and thenatne of the perfon or perfons to whom the goods are con-figned; to which fuch proprietor, fa&or, or agent, (hall fub-feribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth-thereof: which refpe&ive oaths herein-before dire&ed, thecoUeftor and comptroller, or other principal officers of the cuftoms, or the officer of excife granting fuch certificate, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter: and the mioifteroaths. certificate fo granted (hall exprefs the number of days it (hall continue in force; and the officers granting fuch certificate, after writing the fame off their books in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpofe, are hereby directed to deliver fuch certificate to the perfon or perfons who (hall apply to them for the fame, without any fee or reward whatfoever for fuch certi-• ncate, or for adminiftering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting the futn of ten pounds for eTery fuch offence, and

0	to

Digitized by CjOOQ 1C

*J0

Anno vicefimtemo Gceftsn III.	[1783.

id tranfinir a duplicate of tech certificate to the regifter-geoeral The certificate of tobacco at Lmdon or Edinburgh refpe&ively: aad the ted tosccompaay certificate to granted (hall accompany the goods to the plan the good*. where, and be delivered to the per (bn to whom (uch good* (hall be configned, who, upon receiving the fame, (hall caofc fitch certificate to be delivered to the Chief officer of thecodont, if any fuch there be, and in cafe there be no officer of the cuftomt, then to the officer of epeife of the divifioa whereanto fach goods are carried and conveyed; and fuch officer is hereby direded to examine the fame with the goods, and if they agree therewith,

.	(be goods may be taken away and difpofed of by the perion or

perfons to whom of right they belong; and fuch officer is thereupon to enter fuch certificate diftinttly in a book to be kept by t. , him for that purpofc, and tranfmit the original certificate to the regifter-general of tobacco at	or	refpec-

lively.

II.	And k is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-All tobacco, find. That if any tobacco or tobacco (talks exceeding twenty* tobacco fialks, four pounda weight, or any (huff exceeding ten pounds weight, and (naff, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of , (haU be it-trary to tbisl mowed or found removing, by land or by water, at the fine, or the recittd time, either in one or feveral parcels or packages, from toy aft, (bad be port or place whatfoever in this kingdom, whether it dull be forfeited, with the port or place of importation or not, to any othar port, town, wrb«£’&c. or P*ace» “ ^rUt Britain, without the certificate required by conveying the this or the before recited ad; or if the petfon or perfons root-fane.	ing fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, (hail net product

firth certificate to any ofiiccr or officers of the cuftonu or exeife who (ball require to fee the fame, all fuch tobacco, tobsoco (talks, or (huff, and the caflcs, chefts, cafes, or other package, containing the fame, together with the horfes, cattle, carts, waggons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatfotver, employed or in anywue made ufe of m the removing any carriage or conveyance of fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or (huff, or Regulation*, any or cither, of them, (hill be forfeited and loft $ aad the (eve* be. of the to] rules, regulations, and reftridions direded in, and the fere-f*cltedi*^ *° ral penalties, forfeitures, and puniflunents infli&ed by, the ted exKurion of r*™,e^ •*» with refped to or agaioft the removal of tobacco, this ad. tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, by land, from the port of importation, and the mode of proceeding therein direded for the recovery thereof, and punifhing the offenders againft that ad, (hall be applied, pradifed, and put in execution with refped to tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, removed or found removing contrary to this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes in the faid ad relative thereto had been

again repeated and cnaded in the body of this ad.

III. And	whereas great quantities of currants are imparted inti

Great Britain in rolls and other [mall pacitges, and art dandijhm'i ran on Jhore without payment of the duties due for the fame, tithe diminution of the publick revenue, and the prejudice of the fair trader: for remedy whereof, it is hereby farther enabled by the authority

Digitized by Google

ry®3-] Ani«> tfriefimo tertlo Gioacit Hi. c. ft.

rity aforefcid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jiffy, one From July Jt

thaufend fevcnhurrdred and eighth-three, nO currarrt* (hall be *7*J» "°

imported or brought into Grlat Britain from any place beyond JJ^rud in

the Teas, upon any preferred wbatfbfver, otherwise than loofe lit anyleii pafle-

hOglbeadS or other calks, each of which fhall contain fife bon- •*•»*» fire

dnd weight avoirdupoife of net curl-amt at the leaf!, end fltall *j“*<H*d

nor be packed in rolls, bagSi or in atry other packages, within

fiicb hoglhead or calk, under the penalty df the forfeitUrs ofuR «»penalty ef

fuch currants as flfall be imported, or brought dr found on

board any (hip or veflel within any port,* harbour, or creek, * *

within this kingdom, contrary to this aft, together with the

package containing the feme $ and fuch currants (hall and may

be forced by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s coftouis, slid

profecuted in any court of record at IVor m the cMR

of exchequer at Edinburgh lefpeftikely j one moiety of Which

forfeiture, after deducing the charges of condemnation audible

of fisch currants, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his hew*

abet fucedfcrs, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers

of tkecbftoms as (hall feize fitch currants and profecute for (he

feme.

- ‘IV. Provided neverthelefs, and it is Hereby further enidled bb ehe authority afofefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful (hr Exception «e-ino mailer of any (hip or vrifel, ootning from any port or plate tatwe »ear-hnm Melted currants have beta and ate ufuelly brought into raB^totje dqpiangdom, to Import and hate oft board a«y quantity hf	**

pdjHmts dot exceeding five hundred weight, for the Mb of Mi to be confumfed on board fitch (hipor fofifel, providedfbch Mft-nets (hall be reported at the cuftotn-houfe, and (lowed openly in the fit ip without fraud or concealment* end (hall he packed toofe in an hogihead or other calk capable of containing fife hundred weight net of currants, but not otherwife; any thing berein-before contained to the contrary fiOtwithftstodiBfg.

V.	And whereas by an att tfparliament, indieve the iightteuib year of the reign of lit prefenl Majefty, imitated. An eft for gfaht- Rsdial of iog to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wwits and vine* '* G**' •• gar imported into this kingdom, it t amongf other	^ %J'

matted., That no wines of the growth or produce tfmty pan ef the dominions bilonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and that Mo Ffench wines Jbould be imported or brought into Great Britain (hr any fmaUer vejfel or cajk than what is commonfy 4H hogJhOat, in which fuch wines have been ufualfy imported, upon forfeiture Uf aQ fuch wines as Jhould be imported cinerary l» the ftsidaft, ‘together with	the tofts and other package abstainingthe fame, {ekeeftis Ohere-

in-afttr was provided:) and whereas by ihefaid att ft Wat provided, that any French wines may by tmportot in Pottles, w thtrt may be imported in fmaUer cafes than it theroin-hefort limited,

Hot fraud or oomtalmM, ftv private aft, -and Py'way^mw-'dmkjyi, any obing in obt fitid att, or any ethtr lMa, 7Mom, dr ukge, ’to	ate amor) notWkhftMiirtg1: and whereas the food irinAfo

mat kitted	tbediMMtf vejftli	■ahdmberte

pkmttittenf Portugal and SpdtfkPAmmfmid	i,mi*

the

Digitized by

Google

a 12

From March

*5* l1*V * provifo in toe uid aft repealed.

Exception.

Recital of at Geo. 3. c* 5S*

From March

»5'*7*5* cocoa nuts exported to be allowed the full duties payable on importation thereof.

Anno vicefimo ter do GEORtift! III. c. 11, [17I3, the pritme	that fuch.wines are	impufer private tefe, great van-

titles ate clandtjlindyrutsen fleers' without payment ef any duty, ts the	prejudice	of the	revenue, and detriment ef the fan trader: for

remedy whereof, be it further enadted by the authority afore. f«id. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand fcven hundred and eighty-three, the (aid provifo in the (aid ad, made in the eighteenth year of hit Majefty'a reign, he rein-before recited, by which it is provided, that any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in fmaller calks than is by the faid ad before limited, for private ufe, and not by way of merchandize, fo far as the fame relates to Portugal or Spanijb wines, or any other wines, iexcept /Vwedwines, lhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

, VI. And whereas by an aft, pqffed in the twenty-ftrjl year of the reign ef bis prejent Majojly, intituled, An ad for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual fecuring the revenue of excite, and of the inland duties under the management of the commif-fioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more pundual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for.redifying a miftake in an ad made in this prefent feffion of parliament, with tefped to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of ex-dfe impofed by the faid ad; an inland	ef eighteen pence wes

impofed upon every pound weight avand in that proportion for a groat or or lejftr	quantity, of cocoa nuts then imported or

after to he imported into this kingdom; and by the faid aft only four fifths of the. faid duty are to he repaid on the exportation of tit cocoa nuts, which in	euterience hath been found to be a

to the exportation of toe fame: far remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of	March,one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-

three, all fuch cocoa nuts as (hall then have been, or (hall hereafter be, legally imported into this kingdom, and which (hall .be afterwards exported to any foreign parts as merchandize, and which (hall have been duly entered, and for which the feveral impofts due on the importation thereof (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, and which (hall have been lodged or fecured in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as by the above recited ad, or by any other therein referred unto, is dire&ed and required, .(hall and may, from and after the. faid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, upon doe.er)try thereof being made by the proprietor or proprietors of fuch cocoa nuts. Or by fuch perfon or perfons whom they -ihfll. appoint for that purpofe, be delivered out of any fech - fer {he refpedUve .proprietor or proprietor* thereof, fpn or perfons as (ball be appointed by him, her, dr

■dMs*c*iad,ill$a wll Wfe« fcdh delivcryjwwduty

%h\	*	'

Digitized by Goo^

Anno ricefimo tertio Grorgii III. c.ia—14., ary

faifte for exportation, without payment being made of the faid inland duty impofed by the faid aft on the faid cocoa nuts5 any thine In the laid aft to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding; fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other petfon The exporter or perfbns exporting the faid cocoa nuts, haring firft given fucK tojpve inch and the like bonds, for the due and fair exportation thereof, and to produce fuch certificates, and to make fuch proofs, as' qQ,red by the are reauired to be given, entered into, produced and made, by lat recited t the before recited aft of the twenty-firft year of his Majefty’s A reign, on the exportation of cocoa nuts, in purfuance of the directions of that aft,

C A P. XII.

An aft for rafting a certain fom of money by loans or excheqaerbitts, for the fcnrice of the year one tboufand fevtn band red and eigbty-thrce«—

To raiic i,ooq.oool. on the faiqe terms at in the land tax aft,

CAP, XIII.

An aft for more effeftnally draining and preferring certain lands and groonds within the level of Hatfield Chace, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.	,

Gbmmiffioners of fewer! authorifed to make a new drain from the north river (at about one hundred and twenty chains diftance above Altborpe ftuicef to the river Trent $ and alfo a (luice or dough in the bank^of toe river Trent, and bridges to be made over the new drain, if necejlary.

The expences to be, paid by the commi(lionets of (ewers, out of money tp be raifed by the aft, on afieiTments upod the lands ot the paitiripanta of the faid level.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for allowing tie importation of goods from Europe in neutral Jbips into tbe ifands of Saint Chriftopher, Nevis, Montferrat,

Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and /£* Grenadines; and of goods tbe produce or manufacture of the faidijtands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this kingdom, in fuch Jbips, upon payment of the Britifh plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goodie tbe produce of tbofe ijlands, fecured in warehoufes in this kingdom, to be taken out, on payment §f tbe Britifti plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary afls for the encouragement of trade ; and to repeal an off, made in the twenty fecond year of bis Majejly'i reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint CbriJlopberj Nevis, and Montferrat, into any of his Majefty's dominions in Europe or America.

WHEREAS, during tbe late bojlilities, the ijlands of Saipt Preamble.

Chriftopher, Nevis, Montferrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and tbe Grenadines, were taken by the arms j>f bn moft Cbriftian Mayefty, and, by tbe preliminary articles of peace, are to be refhred to this kingdom; and it may happen that neutgal Jbips, him at foreign ports in Europe with cargoes conjignei to the

faid

Digitized by ^.ooQle

aj*	Apjia vicffimo	-C. f.4* \'M

foffl. iflands* may not orripe tfyre before fiuh iflands m ft refi/rd *i	of pryfaid, and	it it expedient fad

gets at thafe	iflands» find tt to Gieat Botkin ay

goaisof the growth, produff or manufaflure may it .tl>«rofcH:e pilaff your hjajcfty that it m^y bc

*w bciU enacted by tbf'Kiojj’smoft ejcqellent	ft___

Wh .tbq .advjce an? cpnfpptof the lords (ptrit^pland temporal, aod con}toons, in this prefect -parliament aflenfoied, and, py. the ^tral »e(T(i» authority- of .foe fame, That it (VU and may be lawful Jpr any Wtttfd (hip ocyeflel that.fhall have cleared qut from anyfo-poru to St! reiEn P°rt in Europe before the firft day of April, oof Cbriftopher’t, feven hundred and eighty-three, with any goods conligned to &c. before the faid iflands, or either of them, to enter and land fuch goods mavla'ndtheir #	.foe (aid iflands* although rfocb ,flwp» may not *riv«

careoe*, &c. fo**® tiU-after ,tUeibid iflands are swfbomdand delivered,up to ’ his Majefty; md4t (half and-may'be lawful for fttdi (hips, at any time before the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, to take on- boardj and bring back to any portdn	Qmt Britain,nay good*, .being the ^grwthnPtodudioo,

•r anatmfo&ure of fuch iflaods, and luch goods (hall and may be admitted to an entry in this kingdom, upon payment of JtUe.like duties, as if fuch goods bad been imported tram.amr M' iti/fr iflaqd in the Wft Indies in Britijb (hips duly navigated; any law, cuflom, or uGageto.the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas the iflands of Tobago and Saint Lucia tri, b] the foid,preliminary	articles, to be delivered up

Majeflyy it is therefore hereby further enabled by. the authority Goods, the aforefaid, That during fuch timp as Q\ajl be allowed by the de-produce of finitive treaty of peace-to the planters, merchants, and inhabi-StLuBcU0may't,nt9» 10-Withdraw themfelves and their effeCts from the (aid be imported 7 iflanjd^ it, (hall, and may be lawful for fuch perfpns to import during a limit- .direijfoy, from foeoce in to this kingdom, any. goods, wares, and ed time, on vmgrchaqdj*ca, being the growth, production, or oianufojure, E^nJhnUnf. Of, the (aid.refppClive iflands, upon payment of fuch duties as juon duties. WWid. have been due and. payable for fuch goods jf foejfoad been imported from any of the Briiijb	.iflands,	in

..JBddfijfbiRS-

M. vPtnvided always,..and it is hereby, further eqafled hy the ^importer aaithorhy,aforefaid. That the importer or importers’, of ,M to make o^b gp^/j-omany of theftid iflands herein-before jnentionoi,mail eoedtare the ’*Mke«oath» before the. collector apd comptroller, of his ^jdty’s produMor .oiftoms .at.tbe^pprt ,of importation iathis kingjdcun, (.which manufafture -oath fuch collector, and comptroller pxc hereby uqpavtered to •f the faid sdminifter), that, _ to the beft of his or .their knowledge^pa be-iflands. lief, the goods fo imported are really and bona jjde the growth, -production,v or manufacture, of the faid refpeCtive iflaaasjjpd m default <of fuch oath, the goods fo imported (hall be fobjeCt ,4o the payment of the like duties-as they would be liable to if -imported from any foreign Weft India ifland 5 and fuch goods •Ault, upon importation into this kingdom, be fobjefl and liable to tlie like^ccttfitiesy reftflCtions, regulations, penalties,.md

forfeitures,

Digitized by



Anao vicdimotm^GzoAaji III. Q.141

forfeitures, in all other refpedts not altered by this ad, as they mold be liable to if they were flopped At and imported from aqr Brit\jb ifland in the Weft ■India.

I?. And	whereas	feveraf	par eels offugar, and ttbtr goods, the

fto&ut of fome of the before mentionedifiands, have been imported nti Great Britain from tbence during toe time ifiands were in tkpjbfioh	of hismeft'Chrifiian Majtfiy, and art note	iI

fimSwurdaorfbs in this kingdom, wider the joint Joois if bis Mt-fifiyewd the	proprietors of fucb goods, be h further enadfced by the

artority aforefhid, That at (hall and may be lawful for tbek Certain goods, (•mHuaners of hie 'Majdfty’s cuflonas, or an four or more of imported fro* them, to permit fucb goods to be taken out of inch warehoafea |^ndVwhae by the importer* thereof, upon payment of thefameduties, and they were pof-fcMeft to the like regulations, as fuCh goods would be	fefled by the

and liable to if they had been imported oiredUyfhoin any Mrhifb ^en‘b’

Mud orplarttaticn in Bnitijb (hips navigated according to laa^j the ware!.* tad opoa payment of ithe (aid duty, the faid commiluonees of houf—, on tbteaftrtns are hereby authorized and required to order any wtawt of -■ bonds, ov other feourity gtven ■by the importers for^he duty oo BritifopUnta* foch goodto Jse cancemd and tfifcharged.	non duties.

7. And 'whtrtns fwtral reftriffions upon commerce have been fuf-	.	>

fmU, and indulgences havebttn grouted for tbe bene fit,of trade bp apian offs	nf parliament kith mode,which mere to continue ht	f

fin during ntbojiihties with France, Spain, or the fines general eftht Unitnd Province*, or either of them : and whereas it may be mpooBiaUe fur the merchants to give notice to tbeir mfiedgn	pertrgf the	ceffation	of Infinities time enough •

the flipping of goods for tbit kingdom before peon maybottmhedad mi finally eftablifbed; be it therefore further enaded by tbe authority afbtefaid. That all a&s Of porEameat whifk have.been feyeral yds made fmee the twenty-fixth day of.Offober, one thou (and (even f°r the encou. bandndvandjfixty-fine, whereby any (itch reftnftiom hav* been J^^fj^her Mpended,<or foch indulgences haem been granted, (haH be, continued.

•nd the fame*re'hereby further continued, and jhall remain in full fome until the exputation of fix calendar months after ihe definitive treaty of peace, (hall .toe figned.

VI.	And it k -hereby further enaded by the authority afore-hid, Tint, from and.aner.tiw firft day of	ono-tooufand	u Geo. jr

fcttn hundred and eighty-three, an adof par Lome at ’made in c* J°* *** the twenty <fecond year of bis Majefty’a reign, (intisultd, An Off P**1”* for elkwing tbe isnportutiort ef geedt of the growth, produce, or mfoBure, of tbe ifiands of Saint Chriftopher, Nevis, Mont-mUfdnto any port ref mMojefifs	dominions mJSutopk or Amelia, on payment	of theiBnd&iiplontnmJutits) (haUtoe, and <hf •

fine is hereby repealed, and made void.

. 1 ,, * CiAaPi*

Digitized by Google

it$	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	GsoROfl	III. \$l [ijlj.'

CAP. XV.

An alt for rendering more	the provifions in an oO

of the thirteenth fear of King George the Firf, foe preventing frauds and abufes in the dying trade.

Preamble. VT/HEREAS an aB of was made, in the tbir* VV tenth year of the reign ef bis majejly King George *3 Geo. 1. for preventing frauds and abufes in the dying trade, which fid e. tv recited, ait hath been found ineffeftual for the pnrpofes thereby intended \ mi in order more effeOuallf to prevent fratub and abufes in the dying if cloths, bays, faffs, and other woollen goods, it is neceffarj fat toe foid all Jbould be repealed, and feme further and other pomenpvm for theftpurpofes: may it therefore pieafe your Majefty, tbit it may lie enadted; and be it enadfced by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with tbe advice and confcnt of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament The recited aftembled, and by-tbe authority of the fame. That, from and aEt repealed, after the palling of this ad, the abovementioned ad (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

Penalty on im> II. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perlbns property dy. whomfoever (haH, after the pafling of this ad, within that part Ko^aforma Great Britain called	EWales, and Berwick

S^biStn^ye, or caufe to be dyed, any dotha, bays, or other woollen * goods of any kind or fort whatibever, as or for mstber blacks, the fame not being dyed throughout in rise firft place with void and indigo, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the rdpeftiv: •penalties following} (that is to fay,)

*	For	every piece of long Boding bays, containing feventy

yards, or upwards, the fum of five pounds :

For every piece of Colchcfer bays, or (hort bays, containing • thirty-five yards,' or upwards, the fum of fifty (hillings:

And for every piece of other woollen goods of any kind or fort whatibever, the fum of fixpence per yard, and alro for	And if any perfon or perlbns whomfoever (hall, alter the

woadad	pafling of this a£t,within that part of Gnat Britain aforefaid,

bi«cks. dve, or caufe to be dyed, any woollen doth as or for woaded black, the fame not being woaded throughout, every fuch per-fon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and'pay for every piece at fiich doth tbe fum of two (hillings per yard.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority afotdaid, Mither black* That ajl doth*, bays, and other woollen goods, which (hall •*^*°*^ be truly mathered black according to tbe directions of this aft, riifHngiriflirrt b* marked with a red rofe and a blue rofe ; and all woollen by peculiar	doth which (hall be truly woaded black throughout, according

mark*.	to the directions of this adt, (hall be marked with a blue role

Penalty w	only: and if any perfon or perlbns whomfoever (hall counterfeit

counterfeiting or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any of the faid thole marks.'	staktla,or (hall dye, (tain, imprint, or affix, any fuch mark to



Digitized by . >ogle

1783*1 Araio viccfimo tertio Gsoiqii 1IL c, 15.	a	17

or upon any fuch woollen cloths falfely and deceitfully dyed as or for mathered or woaded blacks, as aforjefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of jour pounds for every piece of fuch woollen goods to 6r upon which fuch mark (hall be fo ftained, imprinted, or affixed, as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid*

That if any perfon or perfons whomever (hall, after the paff- Penalty on ingof this a<St, within that part of Great Britain aforefaid, ufe, ufmg logwood or caufe to be ufed, any logwood, or logwood liquor, in dying °r blue any cloths, bays, or other woollen goods of any kind or ^ *VoUea~ fort whatfoevcr, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fucn offence, goJ>cU bloc, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds for every piece of fuch cloth, bays, or other woollen goods, in the dying of which any logwood, or logwood liquor, (hall have been made ufe of as aforefaid.

V.	And, for the better preventing frauds and abufes in the dying

$ (bibs, bays, and other woollen goods, be it enatfed, That the Searchers to matter, wardens, and court of affiftants of the company of dyers appointed of London, under the common feal of the faid company, toge- ^ooiicITgl^ds ther with John Barchard, John Cole, Samuel Farmer, Chamberlain dyed black or Goodwin, Chamberlain Goodwin junior, Jacob Mills, John Platt, blue, in Lon-Edward Seward, Jofeph Seward, Richard Still, Thomas Vincent, d<?n» and and Thomas Whitehead, or any three or more of them, (hall* ^ilcs'thereof# and are hereby impowered and required to appoint fuch number of perfons as they (hall think proper, to be fearchers of all,

(hops, warehoufes, workhoufes, and tenter-grounds or drying-places, of all and every perfon and perfons, companies, and corporations, ufing or exercifing the trade, art,.or myltery, ot dying of cloths, bays, or other woollen goods of every kind ot fort whatsoever; and alfo of all and every perfon and. perfons concerned in the dying, drying, or packing of any fuch cloths* bays, or other woollen goods, and alfo all publick warehoufes, and other publick places where any cloths, bays, or .o{her woollen goods, paqked up for exportation, (hall be depofited* fituate within the city of London, and within the diftance of ten miles of the faid city ; and from time to time to appoint others in the room of fuch as die, refign, or be removed; and every fearcher fo to be appointed as aforefaid . is hereby authorized and impowered, at all feafonable times in the day-time,; to enter into any fuch (hop, warehoufc, workhoufe, ten ter-ground, or drying-place, and other places as aforefaid, And to /earch for and examine all or any cloths, bays, and otner woollen goods dyed black or blue, whether the lame be packed or unr .	.

packed, and alfo to cut and take away a pattern or (ample from other end of every piece of fuch woollen goods as he (hall think “ proper, for the purpofe of trying and proving the feme* fuch " fearcher taking to his afftftance a conflable, or other peace offi-ccr, of the parilh or place wlferein fuch (hop, warehoufe,\workr houfe, tenter-ground, or drying-place, or other place as afore* *	;	*	*;	•

faid, (hall be fituate 2 and every fuch conftablc, or other peace Voi, XXXIV.	Q*	officer*

Digitized by Google

CTfc

iiS	Anno	vlcefimo	tertio	Gsoroii	III.	c. 15. [1713!

Officer, is hereby required to be aiding and affixing to fach Searcher in the execution of this ad, whenever application (hall he made to him for that porpofe.

On the death VI. And be it further enaded, That when and as often ss of any of the any of the perfons herein-before named, or to be appointed in ^manner htrein-after mentioned, toad in the appointmentof ed to appofnt Marchers as aforefaid, (hall die, or refufc to ad, the (urviving fearchers, or remaining perfons fo named or appointed, or any three or others (hail be more of them, (hall, and are hereby required, by writing un-room? m the r <*CT *^c'f hands from time to rime, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch death or refufal to ad as aforefaid, to appoint another perfon (ufing or exercifing the trade of a dyerof woollen goods, and refiding within the limits aforefaid) in the roooof the perfon dying or refuting to ad; and every perfon fo to be appointed (hall have the like power and authority to ad in the appointment of fearchers as aforefaid, as the perfon in whole place he (hall fucceed was inverted with.

Ftrft meeting VJI. And be it further enaded. That the faid -company of who'*rPerf°n* <tyers> atl{* t*ie P*rf°n* herein-before authorized to ad in the point^Mrch-*3 appointment of fearchers, or any three or more of fuch perfons, (hall hold their firft meeting for the appointment of fearchers as aforefaid, at Dyers Hall, in the city of Londen,- upon the feventh day next after the parting of this a$, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock, and may then, and from time to time afterwards, atQourn themfelves, and meet at the fame, or any other place or places within the faid city, as qften as dull be neceflary, for the appointment of fearchers within the limits aforefaid, according to the diredions of this ad; but if at any meeting appointed to be holden as aforefaid, it fhall happen that a fufficient number of the perfons authorized to ad in the appointment of fearchers as aforefaid fhall not attend, or (hall omit to adjourn fuch meeting, then, and in every fuch cafe, any one or more of fuch perfons may adjourn fuch meeting to fuch time and place within the faid city as he or they mall think proper; and every fuch adjournment (hall be as valid six! ertedual as if made or done by all the perfons aforefaid.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in cafe, at any meeting to be holden for the appointment of

pany fhall not fearchers as aforefaid, the (aid company of dyers (hall not at-attend at any tend, it (hall be lawful for the perfons herein-before named, or other^perfons t0 ** aPP°'nte^ to a<^ in the appointment of fearchers as afore* attending may faid, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby autbo-~ ~ ' rized and impowered to appoint fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall think proper, to be a fearcher or fearchers of woollen goods within the limits aforefaid; and every fearcher fo to be appointed (hall have the like power and authority in all refperts to ad as a fearcher in purfuance of this ad, as if he had been appointed by the faid company of dyers, and the perfons hereinbefore named, or to be appointed as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the faid company of dyers, and the fcveral perfons herein-before

*	.	authorize!

In «fe the dyer# com

appoint -fearcher 3.

If the perfons herein-before authorized

Digitized by

Google

1783*1 Anno- vlcefimo tertlo GeoRGU III. c. 15. authorized to a A in the appointment of fearchers, or any three Aallnegledto or more of fuch perfons, (hall refufe or negledt to appoint and Slumber of continue a proper number of perfons to be fearchers as afore* fearcher*, tbe laid, any two perfons ufing or exerdfing the trade of a dyer of quarter fef-woollen goods may apply to the juftices, at any general quarter “«>p* "wy *P* feffions of the peace to -be holden within the limits aforefaid, P0*01 them, and make complaint of fuch refufa! or negledt; and it (hall be lawful for the juftices at fuch feffions to make enquiry touching die matter of fuch complaint; and if it (hall appear to them that a proper number of fearchers for the purpofe aforefaid (hall not be appointed, the faid juftices (hall, and are hereby authorized and impowered to appoint fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall judge neeeflary to be a fcarcher or fearchers of woollen goods within the limits aforefaid; and every fcarcher fo to be appointed (ha)l have the like power and authority in all refpe&s •0 adt as a fcarcher in purfuance of this adt as if he had been appointed by the faid company of dyers, and the perfons here-fct-befare authorized to a£t in tbe appointment of fearchers, of by any tbree or more ef fuch perfons, in manner before di-ftded.

X.	And, in order to prevent tbe Hie frauds and abates in tbe ing of woollen goods within futb plates as are not within the limits aforefaid, be it further enabled. That the juftices of the peace. In all part* of at thdr refpedtive general or quarter feffions of the peace to be E“8j,,}d ®ut hoMen for the refpedlivc counties, cities, towns, and places,

within that part of Great Britain called	,	Wales, and fcarcher* (hill

Berwkb upon Tweed, (other than within the limits herein-bc- be appointed fore mentioned,) (hall, and are hereby required from time to byindices time lo appoint fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall relpedtively ffS think proper to be a fearcher or fearchers within their refpedlive ftffion*. jurifdidtions; and every perfon fo to be appointed (hall be, and h hereby invefted with the like power and authority to adt as a fearcher m purfuance of this adl, within the limits for which he (hall be fo appointed, as ate herein-befbre given to any perfon who (hall be appointed a fearcher within the city of , and within the diftance of ten miles of the faid city.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Searcher* to perfon (hall be capable of adtmg as a fearcher in the execution be fworn. of this ad, until he (hall have taken and fubferibed an oath to

the eflfed following:

I Do fwear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and , exe- The oath.

tale and perform the truft repofed in me as , by virtue ef an a8 of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign ef its majefiy King George the Third, for rendering more eflfedual the provibotK contained in an ad of the thirteenth year of King Georgy the Firft, “ for preventing frauds and abufes in the dy- -“ fng trade.”

Whidr oath the perfons by whom he (hall be appointed, or any one of them, arc or is hereby impowered to adminlfter.

Q.2 0	XIL And

Google



220

Penalty on obftru&ing U archers.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Profecutions to be commenced within 40 days.

Anno vicctmK) tertio Georgii III. c. 15. [1783.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per* Tons (hall, in any manner, oppofe, obftrudt, hinder, or prevent, any fearcher fo to be appointed as aforefaid, in the execution or any of the. powers hereby vetted in him, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the ium of ten pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all penalties and forfeitures for offences againft this ad, where the fame (hall exceed the fum of five pounds, (hall or may be recovered, in the name of any perfon who (hall inform or fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminJler, wherein no effoin; privilege, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and that all penalties and forfeitures for offences againft this ad, where the fame (hall not exceed the fum of five pounds, (hall, upon proof of the offences refpedtively before any juftice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, cither by theconfeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juft ice', diredted to any conftable, or other peace officer, of any ward, precinct, parilh, town, or place* where the offender (hall inhabit, or can be found, (being within the Jurifdidion of fuch juftice;) and the overplus, after fuch penalties and forfeit tures, and the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, are deduced, (hall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of fuch goods and chattels; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, fuch juftice (hall, and is hereby authorized and required to caufe the offender or offenders to be committed to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for fuch time as fuch juftice (hall think fit, not exceeding three months; and one tnoiety of all penalties and forfeitures which (hall be recovered, by virtue of this adt, from any perfon or perfons refiding within the city of London, or within the diftance of tea miles of thefaid city, mall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety (hall be applied and difpofed of in fuch manner as (hall from time to time be diredted by the perfons attending any meetings to be holden for the appointment pf fearchen within the city of London, and within ten miles of the (aid city, as aforefaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which (hall be recovered by virtue ot this adt, (hai! go and be paid to the informer or informers, and profecutor ot pro fecu tors.

XIV.	Provided always. That all profecutions for offences againft this adt (hall be commenced within forty days next after the offences (haU be refpedtively committed or difeovered, and not afterwards* and (hall be profecuted. with effedt and without

o	delay;

'	Digitized by Google

1783*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15.	221

delay; and if any perfon (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved Perfons ag-

by the judgement or order of any juftice of the peace, touching |^r ofbanv °

the conviction for any offence againft this ad, fuch perfon may j%*jce, may

appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter appeal to the

icuions to be holden for the county, citv, town, or place, where quarter fef-

the offence fliall be committed, he or (he firft giving reafonable

and fufficient notice of fuch appeal to the profecutor or profe-

cutors; and the judgement and determination of the juftices at

fuch general quarter fefitons (hall be final and Conclufive upon

all parties; and the faid juftices are hereby impowered, upon

fuch appeal, to allow fuch reafonable cofts and charges to either

party as they (hall think juft; the fame to be levied and paid

in luch manner as is ufual in other cafes of appeal from

orders of any juftices of the peace to the general quarter fcf-

fions.	‘

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted Limitation of againft any perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within three calendar months next after the caufe of adion (hall have arifen, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the fame (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fucb adlion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad General ifflie. and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had there* upon, and that the matter or thing for which fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced was done in purfuance and by the authority of this act: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch aCtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, thejury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdiCt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontipuance of his, her, or their aCtion or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be riven againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for Treble cofts. the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafe by law.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That this aCt (hall be Publfck a&, deemed a publick ad; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as

fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpccially pleading the fame.

CAP.

0.3

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anno ricefitno tertio Georgii III. c. 16. [17S3. CAP. XVI.

An	aBfor authorifingthe treafurerto pay to

and navel department at Gibraltar, like bounty for certain Spanifh flaps of war, as is allowed to tie officers and mm on board any of bis Majefty's flips of war taking or dtflreykg flips of war belonging to too enemy.

WHEREAS by two	feveralalls of of the nine-

' teentb and twentieth years of the reign of Ns prefent -jefly, for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpetdy and effectual manning of hit Majefty’s navy, the	if

the navy are direBtd to iffue bills for the payment to all , [toman,	marines, fcldiers,	or others,who have been tt

Preamble.

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. and fo Geo.«. C.SJ.

for every man alive on board the flips fo	funk, or

wife defrayed, at the beginning if the attack or engagement: whereas in the month of September, one thoufand feven hundred tad eighty-two, an attack was made upon bis Majtfiy's garri/m at Gibraltar, by ten battering flips of war belonging to bit Ceik-flek Majejly, all which flips of war by the	and

the naval department at the pert ^Gibraltar, burnt, funk, or other-wife dtflroytd •, and in the month of Odiober, in the fame year, 0 Spaniuiyftrp of war, taUed The Saint Miguel, fsurrendered ti the faid garrifon and naval department: and whereas, by the pf the fai4 alls, the officers and men of the faid	and	navel

department, are not	intitled to the faid bounty, for burning, Jtniing,

■tr	otherwiftdefraying, the faid battering flips of war, or for

the feud Span 1 (h	flip of war, as : and whereas tt is

proper that all me encouragement be given to the dflinguifhed merit of the officers and men of the faid garrifon and naval apartment at Gibraltar, for their long and gallant defence of that imftrl-ant fortrefs: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be jpnadted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituil and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afitm-The eanifon bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the officers and pfGibi altar, men belonging to the garrifon of Gibraltar, and to the navil drpan'ment department at the faid port of Gibraltar, at the refpeflive times there, inti- the attack being made upon the laid garrifon, and the fur-tied to h.ad render of the faid Span 'tfl(hip of war as aforefaid, (hall be in-money for de- titled to, and (hall receive the faid bounty of five pounds for fioatimf bat every man hying on board the faid battering fhips of war, at terles, kc* * the beginning of the faid attack; and alfo for every man living pn board the faid Spani/h (hip of war, at the time of her furrendering to the faid garrifon and naval department, as aforefaid, in as full and ample manner as the officers and men on board any of bis Majefty’s (hips of war are by the faid alls intitled to " • ........................... '	................•	'	the

♦ Digitized by Google .

*783.] Anfto vjcefimo tertio Gzonoii III< c. 17,18.	nj

the bounty thereby allowed upon the taking or deftroying any dhips of war belonging to (he enemy; and the commiflioners of Ills Majefty’s navy (hall, and they are hereby authorized and navy to make required (upon proof made, to the fatisfa&ion of the laid com- out bills for aniffioners, by certificates, of otherwife, of the number of men that purpofe, living on board the laid battering (hips of war, and the faid Spcmjb (hip of war, at the time of the faid attack and furrender refpe&ively) to make out bills for the amount of the faid bounty, direded to the treafurer of bis Majefty’s navy, to be divided amongft the officers, foldiers, fcafnen, and. mariner, within and belonging to the faid garrifon and naval department, at the refpedive times aforelaid, in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as his Majefty (h*ll gracioufly pleafe to order, dired, arid appoint; and the treafurer pf the navy (hail, and is hereby authorized and required to pay all fuch bills, accord* ing to the courfe of the navy, to the faid officers, foldiers, Teamen, and marines, or to fiich agent or agents as they (hall authorize and appoint to receive the lame, without fee or reward ; and fuch agent or agents (hall be fubjed and liable to the like regulations and directions, as any agent or agents appointed by virtue of the (aid ads are thereby made (ubjed and liable to.

CAP. XVII.

An ad for punching mutiny and de&rtion j and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters. - -.This aft to continue as to Great

Britain, from March 24, 1783, to April 25, 1715; and as to Jerfey, Guernsey,5cc. from April jo, 1783, till May 1,1784; and as to Gibraltar, and his Majefty’s other dominions beyond fea tram March 24, 1784, till March 24, 1785.

cap. xyiii.

An for rendering the payment of credit on more equal and expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and far mating perpetual fo much of an aft* made in the twelfth year of bis prefent Majefty's reign, as relates to bills and promiffory notes.

THERE AS by the common hwy in that part of Great Preamble.

W Britain, called Scotland, the perjonal eftates of ft.h debtors as Became infohent were generally carried off by the diligence of arreft-ment and poinding, executed by a few creditors, who* from the near-nefs of their reftdence to and connexion with fuch debtors, got the ear-Heft intelligence of the infohency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and unconnected^ and to the difappointment of that equality which ought to take place in the diftribution of the eftates of infol-vent debtors among their creditors: And whereas an ad was pajfcd in the twelfth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad Recital of is for rendering the payment of the creditors of iofolvent debtors Gco* 8* c* 7% more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreftment and poinding! and for extending the prj-

QA	vileget

d by Google

Digitized b



Anno vicefimo tcrrio Georoii IIL c. i8.	[1783.

Alleges of bills topromiflory notes, and for limiting aftions upon bills and promiflory notes, in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland; which was continued by another aft made in the twentieth yt(tr of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, but is now about to expire, and bath moreover been found by experience to be in fame rejpefti in* Efficient for anfwering the putpofes thereby intended; aud it being expedient that the plan of the faid aftjhould be varied, and that feme other rules and regulations Jbould be made for putting the diligence $f creditors upon an equal and proper footing, and preventing unjafl re-ferences and accumulation of expence, and likewife for operating 0 more fpeedy di/lributfon of the eflates of bankrupts both real and per-final, efpecially where fuch ejlates belong to perfons engaged in trade and manufactures*, may it therefore plfeafe your Majefty that it may he enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia* What (hall be meitt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all deemtd fpffi- aftions and queftions arising upon the conftruftion and eflfed of °*-the aft of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thou-Pai ruP cy* fan(j gx hun(jreci and ninety-fix, intituled. An aft for declaring notour bankrupts, when a debtor is out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprifoned by reafon of privilege or perfonal pro tod ion, a charge of horning executed againft him, together with either an arreftment of any of his perfonal effefts not loofed or dif-charged within fifteen days, or a poinding executed of any of nis moveables, or a decree of adjudication of any part of bis heritable eftate, or fequeftratioh by the aft of a proper court of all or any part of his eftate or effcfts, heritable or moveable, for payment of debt, (hall, when joined with insolvency, be held as fufficient proof of notour banktuptcy ; and from and after the laft ftept of fuch diligence, the faid debtor, if infolvent, (hail be held as bankrupt.

Dircdionsre- II. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That wh$n Jative to ar- . a debtor is made bankrupt in terms of the faid aft, made in the rertmentsof year pne thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, as nowextend-™VuPt8 ed, all arreftments which (hall have been ufed for attaching any perfonal effe&s of fuch bankrupt within thirty days prior to the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months immediately fubfe-quent,v(hall be paripaffu preferable: and in order to faveas far poflible, the expence of a multiplicity of arreftments, it is declared, That where the efFefts of a debtor are arrefted by any creditor, within thirty days before the bankruptcy, or within four months after it, and a procefs of forthcoming or multiple-poinding is brought in which fuch arreftment is founded on, it (hall be competent for any other creditor, producing his inter-eft, and making his claim in the faid procefs, at any time before the expiration of the faid four months, to be ranked in the fame manner as if he had ufed the form of arreftment; the expencc of raifing the procefs, and of the diligence, at the inftance of (he creditor who raifes it, being always paid out of the com* mon fund.	.	,	,	.

'	'	?II.	And

/Google

elfcfti.

Digitized by

1783.] Anno vicefirto tertio Georgii III. c. 18.	a$5

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That an arreftment executed at the market crofs of Edinburgh, and pier and ihore of Leithy in the hands of any perlbn out of the kingdom, without other fufficient notification, (hall not interpcl the arreftee from paying bona fide to the original creditor.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforeftid, That no Poinding of poinding of the moveables belonging tp fuch bankrupt, within moveables thirty days before his bankruptcy, as aforefaid, jor within four "itbin a cer-calendar months thereafter, (hall give a preference to fuch poin-^

dcr over the other lawful creditors of the bankrupt, but the bankruptcy, goods fo poinded (hall be conlidered as in medio, and the perfon not to give a receiving the price of them (hall be liable to make the fame pr?fef*n<£i0 forthcoming, fo as that all the other creditors of the bankrupt potnu«r»«c. who are poflefted of liquidate grounds of debt, or decrees for payment, (hall be intitied to their portion of. the fame ; provided they make their claim by fummoning the poindefr at toy time before the expiration* of the faid four month's, deducing always the expence of fuch poinding from the firft end of the price of fuch goods, together with twenty per cent. on the appraised value, which the poinder (hall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, referving liberty to him to rank on the remaining fum for the full amount of the dtbt contained in his diligence.	v	k

V.	And be jt further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Diredionsre-all actions of fale of lands, or other heritable fubjeds,.raifed or Utive to ac-to be raifed and purfued at the inftance of creditors before J*®"*offtleof the court of feflion, upon any of the ftatutes in that behalf f^be .made, (hal| proceed and be carried op ta a conclufion, by adual inftance of fale, as foon as the neceflary previous Aeps of a fale, are taken, creditors be-whether the. ranking of the creditors is concluded or not, un- fore court lefs the court upon application of the creditors, or any of them, cf feffion* (hall And fufficient caufe to delay the fale; any law or practice

to the contrary notwithflanding; and it (hall be lawful to the purchafcr, at any term of Wbitjunday or Martinmas fubfequent to the term of payment of the price, to lodge the price, with the intereft due upon it, in the royal bank, or bank of Scotland, at fuch intereft as can be procured for it; declaring always, that by fo doing, and giving notice thereof to the common agent who carried on the fale, he (hall be exonerate, the fame way as if the price had been configned in the hands of the magiftrates and town council of Edinburgh, as required by the fixth ad of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, which ad is fo far hereby repealed; and further declaring. That the court of feflion, on the application of any of the creditors, (hall be impowered to make an order on the purchafer to lodge the. price and intereft at any of the faid terms fubfequent to the term of payment in one or other of the faid banks; fufficient intimation being always previoufly given both to the purchqfer and to the common agent for the Creditors, that fuch application is made, in order that all parties may have an opportunity to objed$ and in order to lcflen

_ ■	the

Digitized by CjOO^IC

,ax6	Anno	vloefirao	tcrtJoGipRGU	III. c. 18.	[1783,

<he number of adjudi^ptfSrivand consequently the expence up-, on a bankrupt cftatd, the lord ordinary officiating in the court of feffion, before whom any procefs of adjudication i« called, (hall ordain intimation thereof to be made in the minute book, and on the wall, in order that any other creditors of the common debtor who may think proper to adjudge his cftate, and . are in readme!* for it, may produce the innrudions of tber debts, andbeconjoiaedin the decree of adjudication; andarea-fonabie time, not exoeediog twenty fed* runt days, (hall be given for that-purpofe, ttnfefs there be any hazard from a delay, which the court, or the lord ordinary, (hall judge of.

VI.	And	whereas it is	fo tbt of that tbt efiatos

of theft eonctrntd i* trade and eunufaQurts, whin they are anabit to mfwet tbt	dttnands upon thtm> be

hotted	among their creditors in the	nooft expeditious Manner, mtb-

ten abiding the	ordinary forms of laviy be it enadted by the autbo-

Who maybe vity aforefaid. That if any perfon in that part of Great Britain made bank- -called Stotlond, being a merchant or trader in grots or by rs--trail, or a banker, broker, or underwriter, or a m an ufa (Surer, artificer, or mechanrck, And in general any perfon who, either for himfelf, or as an agent or fa&or for others, dealt in tbe pnrchaKr, or fate, or workmanthip, of goods or commodities other than for his own ufe and coofomptibn, or the produce of his own eft ate, or of anyfubjeA held by him as'leflee or tenant, (and particularly excepting landholders, and occupiers or tenants of land, or ether heritages, holders of India flock, or of (lock in any of the banks eftablUhed by publick authority, or in the friendly insurance company at Edinburgh againil fire, if fuck perfons be not otherwife bona fide under one or other of tbe foregoing descriptions,) (hall be under diligence by horning and caption for debt, and (hall either, in virtue thereof, be im* prifoned, or retire to a fandtuary, or fly or abfeond for bis personal Safety, or defend his perfon by force; or being out of Sat-land, or not liable to be imprifoned by reafon of privilege or •perfonal protection, (hall be under diligence by charge of horning, attended with arreflment, not looted or discharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his moveables, or decree of adjudication of any part of his heritable cftate, for payment of debt, at the inftance of any creditor, it (hall be lawful Method of to any creditor of the Said perfon, whole debt fhall amount to procedure	the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, or any two creditors

therein.	whofe debts (hall amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty

pounds fterling, or to any three or more creditors whole debts amount to the fum of two hundred pounds fterling, or upwards, at any time within four calendar months of the laft ftep of the faid diligence, to apply, by Summary petition, to the court of Seflion while the feflion is fitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills m time of vacation, for a fcqueftration of tbit (aid debtor's-cftate, real and perfonal; and upon production of the grounds of debt aforefaid, and the creditor or creditors, at whole inftanee the application is made. Swearing to the verity

of

■ Digitized by Google

s 783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georg n III. c. 18.	227

of their debts htfom any judge ordinary, or jultice of peaces and aMo, that they believe the party againft whom the application w made to be a merchant, or otherwise under the defcription above fet forth* and with and under the foregoing exceptions, the laid court; or the lord ordinary* (hall grant warrant for eking the laid debtor, by delivering to him pcrfonally, or by leaving at hit dwclliag-houfc, a copy of the (aid petition ; or, if the laid debtor i* out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market crofs of Edinburgh, pier and (bore of Leith, and alfb leaving a copy at bit laft dwdling-houfe, or houfe of bufinefs, in Scotland, to appear in court within the time (perilled in the warrant of citation, not being lefs than fix, nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to (how caufe why fe-queftration (hould not be awarded ; and at the time of minting fetch warrant of citation, the court, or the lord ordinary,

&aU ltkewife, if defiled, grant the ufiul authority, at the m-ftance of the petitioners, for recovering written evidence of the bid diligence 1 and upon produ&ion of fuch evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor Stall not appear either in per Ion, or by hie counfd or agent, or (o appearing, (hall not inftantly produce written evidence of the debt or debts being fatisfied upon which the diligences proceeded, and al(b pay or fetisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, cr (hew other reafo-nabte caufe why further proceeding fhauM not be had, the court, or the lord ordinary, IhaU immediately award fitqucftrad-an of the (aid debtor’s whole real and perfbnal eftate.	The court. See.

VII.	And be it eaaded by the authority afotefaid, That to appoint a the court of the lord ordinary flistll* by the feme deliverance meeting of which awards the iequeftratioo, make an order upon the credi- c’“'tor*»who

*	•■	«•	«•	air CO u(D6 81

tors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than fr^or.

three weeks from that date, and as much fooner as circumftan-

ces may permit ; the (aid meeting to be at a convenient place,

cither where the bankrupt refides, or where his bufinefs is or

was laft carried on, or as near it as poffible, in order to name an

interim fador upon the fequeftrated eftate real and perfenal;

yrhich deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors Quit

forthwith capfe to be advertifed in the Edinburgh newfpapcvs

called	The Caledonian	Mercury, and Edinburgh Evening Courant,

otherwise the whole proceedwigs to be null and void; and the

fetid court, or lord ordinary, (ball at the fame time grant com-

miffion to any refident magiftrate of the burgh, or to the fberiff

or ftewart depute or fubftitute of the county or ftewartry where

the meeting is to be held, or, failing them, anyjufticeof the

peace to be named by the court, to attend the aid meeting of

creditors, and to receive production of their grounds of debt,

with the oaths thereon after mentioned, and to fign the minutes

of the creditors, along with the prefes chofen by them; and

all queftions at this meeting lhaH be determined by a majo-

rity of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at

the laid meeting, by themfelves or others authorized by them,

and whole grounds of debt and oaths thereon are (0 produced,	^

VIII.	And

Digitized by Google

228

Fa&or to g\y fccurity.

Court, upon awarding the fequeftration, may lock up

Anno vicefimo terrio Georoii III. c. 18. [iyJ|

VIII. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Thatt perfon chofen at the faid meeting by the majority aforefaid j interim factor, (hall be intitled to the office, and (hall find fj curity for his faithful management, to fuch extent as the fa| majority (hall think reafonabje; and the faid fatftor (haU in a copy of the minutes of this meeting in a book of fede which (hall be figned by the faid commiffioners and by l prefes of the meeting, and kept by the faCtor as his warrant fa acting; and the principal minutes of the faid meeting, at whi<T .the factor is appointed, being figned by the faid commiffione by the prefes of the meeting, and by the faCtor named and aj cepting of the office, (hall be tranfmitted by the commiffiooi to the clerk of the fequeftration, to be kept among the recori of the court of feffioti.

, IX. Arid be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That up awarding the fequeftration, the court, or the lord ordinal (hall, if defired by the petitioning creditors, grant warrant!

the bankrupt’* the kid commiffioner to feil up, and caufe put under fafe 1 (hop. Scc.	tody, the books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up I

(hop, warehouse, or other repofitories, and to keep the kei thereof, till a faClor is named as before directed, to whom thl (hall be delivered, and iubjeCi in ,the mean time to fuch ordd and directions as the faid court, or lord ordinary, or the fin commiffioner, may think proper to give* on the application <

• my party concerned; and it (hall be competent for the court, or the lord ordinary, even from the date of the application for fequeftration, to give fuch interim orders as the circumftanccs of the cafe may require, for preventing embezzlement or damage to the effe&s, upon application of any of the creditors, and caufe (hewn.

X.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any merchant, or other perfon deicribed as above, and with and under the aforefaid exceptions, whether diligence has been exe-

100I may ap« cutcd	him or not, (hall make a joint application along

plv to the .with.anv creditor whofe debt (hall amount to thefumofone court for a fe- hundred pounds fterling, or any two creditors whofe debts (hall queftrationof amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, ku state. or anyjthree.or more creditors whofe debts (hall amount to the fum of two hundred pounds fterling, or upwards, and oath being made as abCve to the verity of thefe debts, and the parties, or their agent, alfo making oath, to their knowledge or belief, of the debtors being under the description which he af-fumes, the faid court, or the lord ordinary, are hereby authorized and required to award fequeftration of the debtor’s eftste, real and perfonal, in like manner, and the procedure (hall go on as before directed.

XI.	And be it enaCted by the authority. That no fequeftration (hall be awarded againft any perfon having an eftate or effefts

Jn Scotland, who at the time of the application does not cither perfon not re- re fide or has a dwelling-houfe or houfe of bufinefs there, or at Scotland, &c.	fach rcfi^nc$ or dwelling houfe or houfe of bufinefs

Digitized by Google

Any merchant, See. jointly with a creditor for

No fequeftration to be awarded againft any

witbia

1783*] Aano vfcelimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.	329

1•

within a year previous to the application, unlefs the debtor himfelf, or thole a&ing for him, concur in the application.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the Method of eftates of all corhpanies carrying on bufinefs under any of the denominations or descriptions above fet forth, and with and un- Compa-der the above exceptions, may be fequeftrated upon the appli* niL cation either of thofe intitled to a A tor them, with confent of

any creditor of fuchr company whofe debt amounts to the fum of one hundred pounds ftcrling, or any two creditors whofe debts amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, or any three or more creditors whofe debts amount to the fum oftwo hundred pounds fterling, or upwards; or at the application of fuch creditor or creditors themfelves whofe debts are to the amount al» rcady mentioned; in which laft cafe it muft appear, that diligence has been done againft one or more of the partners of the Company for payment of a company debt, in the fame way and manner as is before required to found an application againft individuals; and in cither cafe, the procedure hereby direded with regard to in* dividual debtors (hall be followed out; and it (hall be fufficient to cite the company, by leaving a copy at the houfe or (hop where their bufinefs is carried on, or where any of their manag* ing partners refide; or if the faid honfes and (hop be (hut up •r deferted by them, a copy (hall be affixed at the market crois of Edinburgh, and pier and (hore of Leith.

XIII.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That it Petition of fe-

(hall be neceflary for the partv applying for the fequeftration to queftratioA to record the petition of fequeftration, and the firft deliverance	M

thereon, in tbe^ general regifter of inhibitions, within twenty- reg|$er of in-four hours after the faid deliverance is pronounced; and the hibitions. fame (hall, from the date of the application, be held equivalent '

to an inhibition againft the debtor, for behoof of the whole creditors, in cafe of the fequeftraticn being finally awarded; and it (hall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after fequeftration is awarded, to ftop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition forefaid did proceed, nor (hall the proceedings be of any effeeft unlefs the faid petition and deliverance are fo regiftered.

XIV.	Provided always, That if the debtor, agairfft whom jn what cafes

fequeftration has been awarded without his own concurrence, afequeftratioi^ or if any creditor who has not concurred in, of confented to the	rc‘

application, (hall appfehend that the party againft.whom it is callcd* awarded docs not come within the defeription before given, or

falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, fuch debtor or ere* jditor (hall be at liberty, at anytime within thirty days after fequeftration is awarded, to apply to the court of feifion* if fitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, fetting forth the grounds upon which the fequeftration ought to be recalled, in refpeft of the defeription not being applicable; and this petition being, inti mated to the party at whofe inftante the fequeftration was obtained, or the known agent of that party, and a reafonabktime given to make anfwers thereto, the court or lord .ordinary* determine* fuaunariJy upon the fame.

- *	Google

330	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Georgii III. c. if. {1783.

and Audi gram commiffion, if neceflary, for taking proof of the fads; rod if upon evidence it Shall appear that the perfon again if whoa the Sequestration i* awarded, does not fall within the meaning or terms of this aA, as not being under any of the descriptions above fet forth, or as fidline under any of the exceptions therefrom, the fcqueftration (hall be recalled; or, if the petition is found to be without fuffideat ground, h (hall be diSmifled; but in the mean time, until thia matter is llnlly determined, the proceedings under tbe fcqueftration dull go on as if no fucb application bad been made.

General meet* XV. And be it further enacted by tbe authority aforefad, of the ere- That tbe fud factor (hall, immediately after being fb naoved, hdd™o°chuf- ** obliged to publifh an advertifement in the two iagattuftee, * newspapers before mentioned, intimating the fequeftmrion, and that a- general meeting of the creditors is to be held on fndi day ana at Inch place as the creditors, at the meeting before mentioned, (hall have fixed in their minutes, (the laid day being not lefs that four, nor more than eight weeks after the advertisement,) for the purpofe of ebufiog a truftce; and in _ the mean time, the faftor (hall enter upon the management of tbe eftate, and (hall, within two day* after hit appointment, apply to the Sheriff or ftewart depute or Substitute of the county car ftewartry when the debtor rtfides, or where his bufioefa was carried on, who is hereby authorized and required » name one day in each of the four fucceeding weeks to be frt apart for Bankrupt.&c. the publick examination of the bankrupt and of his family, or w be esamitt- others ocqaaimed with his bufioeft, in the Sheriff court-houfe of the diftrin, a fee of one guinea each fitting being allowed to the Sheriff or ftewart depute, if he officiates, or half a guinea each fitting to the fubftitute; and fuch periodical meetings being fixed, the fame (hall be immediately published by the fadtor in each of the two Edinburgh newfpapers before mentioned, by an advertifement, inviting the whole creditors to be prefent at fuch examination, that they may have an opportunity of putting fuch queftiont as (hall be judged of importance . for rendering the difeovery and furrender more complete; and the laid judge (hall, if neceflary, iflue his warrant for appro-bending the bankrupt, or any of his family, or others who-are to be examined, if within his jurisdiction, in order to force their appearance; or if they be without his juriidKftihn, the court of feflion, or lord ordinary on the bills, mall, on the application of the fador, grant fuch warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the judge, who is to take the examination, as aforefaid; and if any of thefe perfons Shall happen to be indif-pofed, or otherwise unable tu attend at that time, the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, may grant commiffion for examining them etfewhere; and it (hall be competent for the fader or for the truftce to apply at any time for re-examining thofe perfons, upon due advertisement given in manner roreftwd; pnd the court, or lord ordinary on the bills. Shall likewife,.' in exfe it be neceflary, grant a peribnal protedioo to the bankrupt, «tbe application: of the fedtur or trustee, far Such tiaac as may Digitized by Google	^

<7®3-l Anno viccfima tertio Georgii III. c. i&	231

be requifite for enabling him to attend the diets of examination, or may grant warrant to mcffengers at arms, or other officers of the law, to bring hjs perfon out of prifon, in order to attend fuch meetings, and thereafter to carry back him to prifon.

I XVL And be it enabled by the authority afore&id, That the Bankrupt to tfcrions to be examined appearing, or being brought in virtue make a full I* the faid warrant, before the fhcriff or flewart depute, or fub~ difeoveryof and in prefence of the fafior and fuch creditors as chufe eftate*

! to attend, the bankrupt (hall make a full and fair difeovery of Jus whole eftate, heritable and moveable, wherever fituated, in-| finding any eftate in expedtancy which he may have an even* taal right to by contrad of marriage, entail, or otherwife, and j toll exhibit in writing a full ftate of his affairs; and the judge toll proceed in the examination of him and the other perfona jforeJaidi and the faid ftate and whole procedure fhall be in* fated in the book of iederunt, to be fubferibed by the faid judge examinator, and by the bankrupt, and likewife by the hftor, together with a lift of books, papers, accounts title** deeds, and documents, foupd in his pofleftion, or produced by him, and a rental of his lands; all which books, and other writings, fhall be delivered over to th# fa&or; and at jtbe laft oftbek examinations the bankrupt fhall take and fubferibe the ' Wowing oath:

I A. B, do, in the prefeme of Almighty God, end as I fhall an* Bankrupt's finer to God at the great day of judgement y folenmly J\'wear, That oat“* fix flute of my affairs, fubferibed by me, and now delivered up to my mditors, contains a full and true account of all the debts of whatever nature due to me, atid of all my eftate and effelh real or perfonal (ntceffary wearing apparel only excepted) as well as of all claims vjhicb I om entitled to make agzinft any perfon or perfons whatfoevery and of all eftate in expetianey, real or prrjonal, which 1 have an eventual right to by contract of marriage, deed of entail, or other-xvifey to the bejl of my knowledge 5 and that the faid ftate likewife emtams a full ana true account of all the debts due by me, or demands upon me, Jo far as 1 know or (an remember, and that 1 have delivered up the whole books, documents, accounts, and papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any way relate to my affairs, and xvbicb were in my pojfeffm* or under my power* and have made a full HJdofufe of every particular relating to my affairs. And further I (wear. That I /ball forthwith reveal all and every other circum* fiance or particular relative to my affairs, or which may tend to in* creafe or diminijh my eftate, or in which my creditors may be intereft*	,

ei iiteflly or indirectly, which may at any time hereafter come to my knowledge.

So help toe GOD*

And if the perfon thus called upon is a member of a company, and examined upon the company’s affairs, the terms of jtl£s oath fhall only be fo varied by the judge as to make it

Digitized by

Google

€

Penalty on {Wearing or affirming falfely.

The book of federtmt to be delivered to the a&ing truftee, along with other books, accounts, &c«

Claufe relative to. the factor and truftee.

Anno viceGmo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.	[1783;

We to the cafe; tohich oath being annexed to the fore&id pro-ceedings in the book of federunt, (hall alfo be fubfcribed by the Iheriff or ftewart depute or fubftitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called $>uahrs9 it (hall be fufficient to take his folecnn affirmation upon the matters contained in the faid oath, and likewife in all other cafes where an oath is required by this ftatute: and all perfons convi&ed of taking the above oath or affirmation falfely, (hall be held as guilty of perjury, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and puni(hed accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any office of publick truft or emolument; declaring alfo, that if the bankrupt (hall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair (late of his affairs, or to make oath in terms above fpecified, or to make a complete furrender, he (hall be confidered as a fraudulent bankrupt, and punithed accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of bolding anv office of publick truft or emolument; and in either cafe (hall forfeit every benefit or privilege arifing from the ffiatute, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving evidence in a court of juftice, or of fittting or idling on any affize or jury.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That at the general meeting of the creditors appointed and id-vertifed as before, for chufing a truftee, the factor (hall exhibit the (aid book of federunt, to be delivered over to the afting truftee along with all the books, papers, accounts, documents, and title deeds in his hands, relative to the bankrupt’s eftate and affairs; and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt prefent at this meeting (hall determine who is to be truftee; but no creditor (hall be intitled to a vote at this or any other meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited his grounds of debt, with an oath thereon, as hereinafter mentioned, and got the fame marked or enterbd in the book of federunt; and at the faid or any other meeting it (hall be lawful for agents or attornies, having commiflions either general or fpecial from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in all matters wherein their condiments themfelves if prefent might have voted; and the creditors may chufe two or more truftees to adt in fucceffion, one failing another by death, refigoation, or removal. '

XVIII.	Provided always. That if the fadtor named at the firft meeting is not chofen truftee, he (hall be allowed iuch gratification. for his trouble, to be retained by him out of the effedts in his hands, or to be paid by the truftee, as a majority of the creditors in value at the faid meeting (hall think reasonable; and the truftee (hall find fecurity for his intromiffions and faithful management, unlefs the fame be difpenfed with by four fifths in number and value of the faid meeting, the faid difpenfing resolution to be always ingroffed in their minutes; and the truftee (hall be intitled to an allowance in name of com* mtflion for his management, on all fum* of itioney which he (hall rtitovtr, at fuch rate p*r ant. ts (had be adjufted or fixed by a

majority!

Digitized by L.ooQle

1783.] Anno vicefiiiio tertio Georgii III. c« 18.	233

majority, in value at the faid meeting, or at any after meeting of the creditors advertifed for that purpofe; and it (hall be competent at any time for one fourth of the creditors in value to apply fummarily to the court of feffion for having him removed, upon Caufe ffiown; and a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertifed for the purpofe, (hall likewife be entitled to remove, or to accept of the refignation of any truftee; and in either of thefe cafes, or in the event of the ading tj-uftee’s death, the next truftee in fucceffion 4hall be entitled to act ;	t	x

and upon failure of the feveral truftees originally named, by death or otherwife, it (hall he competent to any two pf the creditors to apply to the court of feffion, of lord ordinary on the bills, to caufe a meeting of the creditors be held, upon due advmifement, for ehufing a pew truftee or truftees in fpccef- . fioQj and in any of ^hefe cafes the new adting truftee (haH	•	>

immediately call to account his predeceftbrs in office, or their heirs and reprefen tati'ves, and ffiall be vefted with the fame powers, and fubjedl to the fame rules and regulations, aa any former a&ing truftee. ,

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Minutes of That the minutes of this meeting of the creditors eleding a the meeting troftee, or fucceffion of truftees, (hall be forthwith reported to the^ourt. the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, by the truftee who is to afi, a copy of them being previoudy entered in the federunt book; and the court, or the lord ordinary, (hall then ifiue an order upon the bankrupt, to execute and deliver, within a certainreafonable time to be fpecificd in the interlocutor, a difpo-fitioti or difpofitions making over to the faid truftee or truftees in their order his whole real and perfonal eftate, wherever fitu-	;

ated, and which (hall fpecially deferibe and convey the fubjeds fo far as they are known, or fo far as the truftees (hall think it neceflary, and contain all proper claufes for effedually vefting the right in him, with full powers of fale, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt (hall refufe to obey fuch order, Bank ^ the court, or the lord ordinary, may puniffi him by imprifon- fufmgtoobey ment; and in that cafe, or in cafe of the faid bankrupt being the order of abfent from Scotland, or for any other reafon not granting fuch the court, may difpofition within the time that he is ordered by the interlocutor fo to do, the court, or the lord ordinary, (hall, upon the appli- 1 cation of the truftee, ifluc an ad or decree, finding the property of the whole lequeftrated eftate and effeds, real and perfonal, to be in the faid truftee or truftees in fucceffion, for behoof of the creditors, and adjudging, decerning, and declaring the whole lands and other heritable eftate within the jurisdidion of the court fpecially enumerated, and which were the property of the bankrupt, to pertain and belong to the truftee or truftees in fucceffion irredeemably, to the end that the fame may be (old and converted into money for payment of the creditors; which adjudication (hall have the fame'eftedt as if the bankrupt had executed the conveyance before mentioned; and the fador originally named (hall immediately deliver over to the truftee etery VU. XXXlVi	R	part

Digitized by Gooele

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. i8»	[1783J

part of the bankrupt’s eftate or effedis in his poffeffion, and all fecurities taken for the fame, or any part thereof, and pay . fuch balancers may appear to be due by him upon fettling his accounts 5 declaring always, that if any part of the bankrupt’s property happens to be entailed, the conveyance to be executed by him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the trqftee, (hall only be underftood to carry that right and intereft in the eftate which the bankrupt himfelf has, and which his creditors can validly attach.

Difpofition of XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, the heritable That the faid difpofition of the heritable eftate, together with eftate to be re- the order of the court, or lord ordinary, on which it proceeds, ferift^of ab- or filing thereof, the decree, of adjudication of the court, or of breviatet of * the lord ordinary, (hall within fixty days of the date thereof, be adjudications, regiftered by the truftee in the regifter of abbreviates of adjudi-&C"	cations,	and (hall have the effedt to entitle the truftee, for be-

hoof of the whole creditors, to rank in the fame manner upon the heritable eftate as if it had been a proper decree of adjudication obtained at the date of the interlocutor awarding the fc-queftration, accumulating the whole debts principal and intereft, as at that period, and adjudging for fecurity or payment thereof, fo as to rank pari pqffii with any prior effe&ual adjudication led within year and day of the fame 3 and the (kid dif-1 pofition or adjudication (hall not be reduceable upon any of the ftatutes concerning bankrupts, nor (truck at by any inhibition, or other legal interpellation; faving however, in the ranking upon the price, any other effedt which fuch inhibition or interpellation may have with regard to contradtions of the debtor pofterior to the date thereof.

Row the titles XXI: And be it enadted by the authority aforelaid, That to Upon the faid difpofition, or decree of adjudication, the feudal pra!^ ftdll tlt*es requifite by the law of Scotland to veft heritable property, ben^dcupm (hall and may ma<*e up cither in the perfon of the truftee, or the per ton of in the perfon of the purchafer from him, in virtue of fuch truf-tbetrufte£,&c. tec’s conveyance, agreeable to the forms of the law of Sudani] f and each truftee fucceeding a prior truftee, through his death, refignation, or removal, unlefs fubftituted to him at his firft ' nomination, (hall be vefted in the right either by difpofition from the former truftee, or by adjudication obtained by the new truftee on a fummary application to the court, or lord ordinary, as before; and the fuperior (hall, if required, be obliged to enter the truftee or truftees in the fame manner as he is dired-ed by an adt made in the twentieth year of his late Maiefty’s reign, for abolilhing ward-holdings, without being intitled to more than one compofition for the whole; and if the truftee (hall afterwards difcover any other heritable fubjedls belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the dateofthe ‘ application for fequeftration, the fame (hall either be difponed or adjudged in manner before diredled, and to the fame effeft; and in cafe the bankrupt’s own titles to any part of the eftate, real or perfona), which belonged to him at that period, or to

which

Digitized by

Google

1783-] Anno vlcefimo tmio Georgii III. C; 18.	235

which he had then fucceeded as apparent heir, neared in kin, or otherwife, to any predeceffor, hive not been fo cbmpleted as tb ved the right properly in him* the fador or truftee (hall take the mod fafe and eligible iriethod of completing the bankrupt's title; in fuch way and manner as the law requires; declaring always, that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the ancedor and thofe of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this ad.

XXII.	And be it further ehaded by the authority afore- Bankrupt’s faid. That the whole edate, whether real or perfonal, belong- whole eftate, ing to the bankrupt at the period of the fequedration, (hall be- a^fhc come a fund of divifion among thofe who were his creditors on/tohea* prior to the date of the application, and none elfe, according to fund of diyi-their due order of preference; and all payments made by a fion among debtor to any of his creditors after fuch application, (nail be cr^dit°rtt ▼oid and ineffeduai to the receivers in the event of a fequedra- 0 * -fton raking place, and the fador or trudee (hall be intitled to recover the money fo paid as part of the bankrupts edate; and ail tranfadions of the bankrupt fubfequent to the date of the application, from which any prejudice may arife either to the creditors or to third parties, (hall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained (hall oblige a bona fide parchafer of anypart of the moveable effeds from the bankrupt whilfe in poneffion, and for a price truly paid, to redore the effeds fo purchafed; nor the debtor of a bankrupt, who has paid his debt to him bona fide without knowing of the bankruptcy^ to pay it a fecond time to the fador or trudee.

' XXIII. Providing always, That if, after the faid application, Eflfedsdevolv and before a finsfl divifion among the creditors, any edate or |“8J,Pon the effeds, either real or perfonal, (hall devolve upon the bankrupt, a?terthc ap-ettber in the way of fucceffion, or otherwife, he (had be oblig- plication and cd, immediately when fuch event happens, to make a full dif- before a final covery thereof to the fador or trudee, and (hall, if required, divifion. make oath to the fame before any magidrate of the borough, or lodge ordinary of the county of his refidence, in oyder that the fador or trudee may have an opportunity of taking fuch deps as are necefiary or proper for the intered of his condituents * and the faid fador or trudee (hall likewife give immediate notice thereof to the creditors, either at the fird general meeting, or by advertifing a meeting for the purpofe.

XXIV.	And b€ it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Noarreftment no arredment of a debtor’s perfonal edate, or any part of it, of » debtor’s tried at any time within thirty days before an application for a P£rfynal fequedration under the authority of this ad, (hall give any pre- aavs^be-* fereoce to the arr^ding creditor in the event of a fequedration foreappUa-taJting place; and the arredee (hall be obliged to deliver the tion for« «e-effeds arreded, or pay what he owes the bankrupt, to the ^uribation, fador or trudte, as if fuch arredment had been ufed for the mah cvall»* whole creditors; and if the arredee has delivered the effeds, or paid the money arreded to the arreder, by virtue of a decree of

Ra	forth-

i ,	^	zed	by	Goc	2	^

236	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Georgn IIL c. 18.	[1783.

. forthcoming, or any other authority whatever, the arrefier (hall be obliged to pay or deliver the fame to the taftor or truftee: and in like manner no poinding of a debtor’s effects not completely executed thirty days before fuch application, (hall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of a fcqueC-tration taking place, but the poinder (hall be obliged to deliver to the-fa&or or truftee the goods poinded, if not mid or cfifpof-ed of, when he is required fo to do; and if t$ey are then fold or difpoled of, he (hallbe liable to account to the faid fa&or or truftee for the appraifed value of the goods poinded, and (hall make part of the fund to be diftributed among the creditors. Provifo.	XXV.	Provided	always. That all arrefters and poinders who

(hall be deprived of the benefit of their refpe&ive diligences in manner forefaid, (hall be intitled to demand or retain the expence laid out by them in profecuting fuch diligences.

Truftee tore- XXVI. And be it enaded by the authority aroreiaid. That cover the the truftee, when appointed, (hall forthwith proceed to reco* vcr* m	an^ moft effectual manner, the whole

ruprVor the ' e^ate under his management or power, whether at home or in benefit of bis foreign parts, in order that the fame may be diftributed among' creditors. the creditors; and he (hall be obliged to follow thole directions and rules, with regard to the recovery, management, and (ale , of the eftate real and perfonal, which are laid down by a majority of the creditors in value, convened at the meeting by which he was appointed, or any fubfequent meeting; and befides the dated annual meetings herein-after mentioned, the truftee (ha)l9 if required at any time by one fourth of the creditors in value who have produced and proved their claims, be obliged to call a general meeting; or he himfelf may on any emergency call fuch meeting, fufficient previous intimation (of every occauonal meeting, and the purpoie of calling it, being always given, bj advertisement in the two Edinburgh newfpapers before mentioned, three weeks at leaft before the meeting.

Majority of XXVII. And be it Further enabled by the authority afore&kf, creditors in That if any part of the fequeftrated eftate confifts of land. Of tenntne rela- other heritable fubjedls, it (hall be optional to a majority of cretin to the ditors in value to determine, either at the meeting appointing Ole of herk- the truftee, or at any of the fubfequent dated meetings, or other ablecftates. meeting called for the purpofe, whether the truftee ip to bring the faid heritable eftate to judicial fale befoi* thp court of feffi-on, or to difpofe' thereof by voluntary publick lale; and if the latter mode is adopted, the fale made, after fuch advertifement, and at fuch upfet price as (hall be fixed by a majority of creditors in value at any fuch meeting, fball be valid and effedual, with and under the burden of all debts and claims heritably fecurcd upon the eftate, in fo far as the fame ?re preferable to the difpofition or decree vefting the faid eftate in the truftee, and the purchafcr (hall have no concern with the application of the price; and if a majority of creditors in value determined fqr a judicial fale and ranking the truftee (hall be obliged forthwith to proved in the fame, and ihall be intitled to carry it on as to

Digitized by

Google

1783-1 Annavicefimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 18.	237

a part of the eftate, without including the whole,, and without

any other proof of bankruptcy than the adt of fequeftration;

ana it (hall be enough to call the bankrupt himfelf, and his real

creditors in pofleffion, upon a citation of' fifteen days, whether

they are within the kingdom or not, and the edical citations

Jhall be difpenfed with.	<

XXVIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this adl con- Not to bar the tained (hall bar the right which any preferable heritable creditor right of any may hive by the law, as it (lands at prcfent, to bring his deb- preferable he-tor$ eftate to a judicial fale at his own inftance, unlefs ccre 1‘ fuch fale has been previoufly brought at the inftance of the

truftec.	■'

XXIX.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, *That Creditors, in every fuch procefs of ranking and fale, the creditors produce whofe claims ing their grounds or claims of debt, (hall beintitled to prove are objected and conftitute the fame, if objected to, without bringing feparate

t&ions for that purpofe; but provided always, that the court 0n to prove (hall only allow a reafonable time for fo doing; and the creditors the fame, fhall be intitled to draw their (hares of the price, in virtue of the difpolition and adjudication before mentioned, without the neceffity of arty other adjudication; and no other adjudication flail be competent after the date of the fequeftration.

XXX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Thifteeto the truftec (hall be obliged to lodge 111 money he receives in the m°-foch bank, or with fuch banking company, as a majority of cre-"ccivc*^Kr*ee-ditors in value at any general meeting (hall appoint; and, fail- ab|y to the * ing fuch appointment, in the royal bank or bank of Scotland, and appointment at fuch intereft at can be procured for the fame; and never to of a general retain in his own hands above the fum of fifty pounds fterlin£ mcet,DS* for the fpace of ten days, otherwife to be liable to the creditors

for feven and one half per cent. per annum on what ever exceeds the fum of fifty pounds fterling, in name of intereft and da-

mages.

XXXI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the truftee (hall within ten days after his appointment is confirmed by the court of feflion, caufe publi(h an advertifement in each of the two Edinburgh newfpapers before mentioned, requiring all the creditors to lodge with him their claims,'and vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths for proving the fame as directed by this a&, within nine calendar months after the date of the interlocutor awarding the fequeftration; fpeci-fyinjj the day when the faid nine months expire, and certifying thole creditors who (hall negleft to comply with this requifiti-on, that they fha'l not be intitled to any (hare in the firft diftri-bution of the debtor’s eftate.

XXXII.	And be it further ena^ed by the authority afore-fidd, That the truftee (hall, within one calendar month after the termination of the faid nine calendar months, make up a fbte of the bankrupt’s eflfe&s that have been converted into money, and a ftate of the debts which have been proved, and lodged with him in manner before required, calculating intereft

R 3	.....Google “P0"

Digitized by

An advertife-ment to be pubiiflied by the truftee, requiring the creditor *to bring in their claims.

Further directions to tha truftee.



t	*

Court of fef-fion to deter* mine all queftions re* lativetoob-je&cd claims, &c.

Truftee to make up a fcheme of di-vifion for a fe-cond dividend, &c.

Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii III. C. 18.	[1783^

upon each up to the date of the fequeftration, with a fcheme or caft^dividing the free produce of the money fo recovered among theYeveral creditors in thefe debts according to their due order of ranking; which dates and fcheme, together with a general date of the bankrupt’s affairs brought down to that period, (hall lie open, for the infpedtion of the creditors or their agents, in the truftqe’s hands for two months longer, when a Rated general meeting; of the creditors (ball be held at the place of the truftee’s refidence, exadUy at the diftance of a year after the feqUeftration, being the fame day twelve months, or the next lawful day thereafter, to give fuch orders as may appear necef-fary for the future management, and to receive their firft dividends ; and the truftee (hall give notice thereof two months before by advertifement in the faid two Edinburgh newfpipers; and in cafe any of the debts claimed upon (hall be objected to, in whole or in part, or their place in the ranking difputed, or any other objections (hall be made to the fcheme, as made up by the truftee, a (hare of the faid fund, correfponding to the utraoft amount of the fums or dividends to which the difputed articles may be intitled, (hall be left in the bank or banking houfe where the monies were depofited as aforefaid, till all fuch queft^r ons are determined by the court of feffion, which the faid court is hereby authorized and required to do fumiparily, on the application of the truftee, or any other perfori interefled, and, in fuch fummary procefs to allow a proof of die defitsjor of the<&* jedtions, if required 5 and if, in the event of fuch queftion, the Jaid fum, or any part of it, (hall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the fame (hail go, into the fund for any fubfequent diftribution; and the (hares of creditors not called for at the time of diftribution, (hall again be depofited on their rifque in the hands of the banking company before mentioned, at fuch intereft as can be got jfor the fame, which intereft fo gained (hall be for the general behoof.

XXXIlIr And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That within one calendar month after twenty-one calendar months from the date of the fequellration, the trufteis (ball make up another fcheme of divilion among the creditors, who, before the end of the faid twenty-One months, have produced in his hands tjieir claims and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity, as before, together with new ftates of the funds and debts, and of the bankrupt’s affairs in general, as before directed; which (hall in like manner remain open for infpeCtion for the two following months; and the next ftated general meeting of the creditors for receiving their fecond dividends, and for the other purpofes before mentioned/ (hall be held after the like advertifement exactly at the diftance of another year, being on the fame day two years from the date of the fcqueftration, or on the next lawful day thereafter; and the like procedure (hall be followed out at the fame intervals of time thereafter, and until the whole funds of the bankrupt are collected and diftributed among his creditors; declaring always, that no creditor (hall draw any (hare of

Digitized by

Google

17*3.] Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH III, C. 18.	239

the different diftributions, unlefs his grounds of debt, and oath on the verity thereof, (hall have been lodged with the truftee * on or before the refpeCtive days appointed for that purpofe, but he (hall be intitled, in the next diftribution which happens after the grounds of debt are fo produced and proved, to draw out of the firft end of the remaining fund in the truftee’s hands, a fum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with deduction of five ptr cent, on the faid dividends, which is to be retained by the trufiee for the common behoof, on account of the faid creditor’s delay; and further declaring, that in making up the fchemes of divifion, all debts claimed on which are intitled to a preference by the law of Scotland, not altered by this aCt, (hall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid. That fuch creditors as claim upon debts whereof the term Debts claimed of payment is not come, may neverthclefs, upon difcounting beforeaCtually the legal intereft to the term of payment, draw their (hares in du5? 0,8,1 be ^ proportion to what remains after fuch difcount.	difcount*"

XXXV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any of the creditors claiming to be ranked on Creditors the fequeftrated eftate, real or perfonal, (hall have received any claiming who

faid partial payment (hall be deduced from the total amount of deduced from his debt, and he lhall only be ranked for the balance after fuch deduction; but in cafe fuch partial payment is not recovered till after the fequeftration, he (hall be intitled to rank for his full debt without any fuch deduction, but fo as he (hall neyer draw ih whole more than complete payment of his debt; and the creditors of a company (hall be intitled to rank upon the eftates of the individual partners for the debts due to them by the company, deducting only what they may have received before the fequeftration, as before.

XXXVI.	And be it enaCted by the authprity aforefaid, That Production©f the making production of the grounds of debt along with the lre£rou?df oath, (hall have the fame effeCt as to interrupting prdfcription

of every kind from the period of fuch production, as if a proper action had been raifed on the faid grounds of debt againft the bankrupt, and againft the truftee.

XXXVII.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That m every fuch oath the creditor deponing (hall [pecify every Creditor, in

fecurity he holds for his debt, whether on the eftate of the bis 0ia,l

debtor, or other obligants ; and in cafe any creditor (hall, after

the date of the fequeftration, obtain any legal or voluntary pre- holds tor bU

ference on any eftate or fubjeCt belonging to the bankrupt direCtiy debt.

or indireCtiy, fituated without the jurildiCtion.of the court, he

(hall be obliged to communicate and aftign the fame to the

truftee, for behoof of all the creditors, before he draws any

dividend.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforo-

R4	faid.

Digitized by VjOOQLC

24 p

Oaths of arc. ditors may be taken before any judge ordinary, or jultice of peace.

Anno yiceOmo tertvo Geqrgii III. c. 18. £1783,-

(Vid, That the oaths of verity wppn debts required by this a<ft, may be taken before any judge ordinary or juftice of tne peace; and where any creditor is out of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all fuch cafes an oath of credulity by the agent, fa&or, guardian, or other manager, taken in the fame manner, (hall be fuflicient ; but which baths, either by the party himfelf, or any other perfon adling for him, (hall not fuperfedc the neceffity of, bringing legal evidence of riie debt, if the fame is objected to as unliquidated, and where luch evidence appears to be neceflary in the circumftances of the cafe; and further declaring, that no fee (hall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court, or any perfon whatfoever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to the . debt claimed being due, or for production of the intereft or1 grounds of debt of any creditor, unlefs the debt claimed on exceeds the fum of ten pounds lawful money, of Great Britain.

XXXIX And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-Meeting may (aid, That four fifths in value of the creditors convened, either

chute toree t^e meeting Vvhen the truftee is chofen, or at anv fubfequent^ creditors, who	(V~.it	k*.	tost	♦	k-	'/.r.

may unpower the truftee to compound all doubtful Claims of the bankrupt a-gainft others.

meeting, (hall be intitled to chufe any three of the creditors, at

whofe fight, and with whofe confent, or with the confent ofj any two of them, the truftee (hall be impoweted to compound-and tranfaCt, either by fubmiflion or by private comprotnife, all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have againft others, or all debts due to the eftate out of the other bankrupt fubjefls,, and likewife ajl doubtful claims or demands made againft the eftate, where the fum claimed upon in this laft cafe does not exceed fifty pounds fterling, but not the order of ranking and

Jireference of that or any other debt upon the eftate; and the ame majority may exempt the, truftee from being liable for omillions, and may declare whether or how far he (hall be liable for attornies or factors appointed by him.

XL. And be' it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if at the expiration of three years from the date of the fequeftration, any of the, perfonal effe<ft$ of the bankrupt, or any debts, whether heritable or moveable, due to him, remain ftill unuplifted, it (hall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, convened at any general meeting advertifed for the purpofe, to direct that fuch remaining debts and effects be fold off by publick auction, upon three months previous notice publilhed in the two Edinburgh newfpapers before mentioned, the fale either to be in whole or in lots, as a majority in value of the creditors (hall direct.

XLI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the debtor s eftate furplus of every debtor’s eftate real or perfonal, that may rtf'1 be mad* majn after payment of his debts, and ot the expence incurred in carrying this a<ft into execution, (hall be paid or made over to the debtor, or to his aflignees or fucceffors.

XLII: And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That at any period after the fequeftration, and before the final diltrii-butionj it (hall be competent; for the bankrupt, with concur-e	‘	  rcnce

Digitized by Google

Effe&s, &c. or the bank-rupt, remaining three years after the date of fequeftration, to be fold by publick auction.

Surplus of

over to him.

Bankrupt with concurrence of truftee, and four

1783.] Anno vicefuno tertio Gboroii III. c. 18.	241;

rencc of the truftee, and four fifths of the creditors in member fifths of ere-and value, who have produced and proved their debts as be-fore, to apply to the court of feflion, or to the lord ordinary on £naj diitribu-the bills in' time of vacation, for a personal protection from di- tion, apply to ligence for fuch time as the court or the lord ordinary (hall the court for think rcafonable; and the fame being once obtained, (hall be Phonal pro^ renewed, if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with confent dUizencei11^ of the truftee alone, unlefs any of the creditors oppofe it; in which cafe, the confent of four fifths of the creditors in number and value (hall be required, as before; declaring always, that in this and all other cafes, where confent of creditors, both

in number and value, is required, creditors "whofe debts are under twenty pounds fterling (hall not be counted in the number, though they are to be counted in the value.

XLUJ. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That amJ> ^ it (hall be competent to four fifths in number and value fame concur-of the creditors, reckoned-as before, at any time after the pe- rence, after riod of the fecond dividend, to concur with the bankrupt in a petition to the court of feflion, praying that he may be held as ^Jay ^tition finally difeharged of all his debts contracted before the applies- the court to tion (or fequeftration, fo far as the fame may aflfcCt his peribn, be difeharged or any perfonal eftate to be acquired by him after the date of of hit debts, tbedifeharge; and this petition being intimated upon the wall, affc6t bi*s pe^-and in the two Edinburgh newfpapers before mentioned, the fon, or hisfu-court (hall,'at the diftance of not lefs than three months there- ture perfonal after, refume the cottfideration thereof; and if no objeCHon is eA*atc* made, they (hail pronounce an ad, or order, in terms of the prayer of the petition ; but if appearance is made by any of the. creditors, objeding the diicharge ought not to be granted, on account of the bankrupt’s not having made a fair difeovery and furrcndcr of his eftate, or that he has refufed to grant a difpo-fition to the truftee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully not attended the diets of examihation, or has been guilty of any collufion, or that his bankruptcy did not arife from innocent misfortunes, or lofles in bufinefs, but from culpable or undue conduit, the court (hall judge of thefe objections, and allow a proof of them, if it is thought neceflary, and (hall either grant or refute the difeharge, as the nature and juftice of the cafe may require; the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court, or upon commiffion, when judgement is pronounced in hts favour, and before %the ad can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the requiiites of the ftatute, and has ufed no ondue influence, nor had recourfe to any compromifo with his creditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence ; and if it (hall appear that there has been any futh cotapromife or private transaction between the bankrupt and any of his creditors, the fame is hereby declared tet be unlawful; and no aftioo (hall lie upon any bill, or other fecurhy granted in con-fcqtience thereof.

XUVi: Provided always, Thai If the bankrupt 0i*H at any Sucbdif-

time afterwatds eitherifet o» an equipage, or become peffcfled qharge woetd i -r n r o *	.	q£	proud any

Digitized by CjOOQIC

. *4*

heritable property, or equipage, he may acquire before bis debts are paid.

Allowances to be made to bankrupts.

Sederunt book to contain a record of the proceedings of the truftee, &c.

Any fequef-tration left unfinifhed at the end of a feflion,'the lord ordinary

Anno vicefiroo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.	[17S^,1

of heritable property, by fuceeflion or otherwife, before he has paid all his debts, fuch equipage Or property (hall be liable to be attached by all or any of his creditors, whether prior or fub-fcquent to the difcharge, as if no fuch difcharge had taken place; and the fame (hall only be effeAual to proteA his perfon or other effeAs.

XLV* And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That if the bankrupt (hall obtain a final difcharge, it (hall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, reckoned as before, convened at any meeting thereafter, to make him an allowance of three per cent. upon the nett funds divided, but not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds fterling in all, if the dividends amount to lefs than ten (hillings in the pound of the debts, as they (food at the period of the fequeftra-tion; and five per cent. but not exceeding the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds fterling in all, if they amount to ten (hillings, and under twelve (hillings and fixpence * or feven and an half per cent, but not exceeding three hundred pounds fterling in all, if they amount to twelve (hillings and fixpence, and under fifteen (hillings; or ten per cent. but not exceeding the fum of four hundred pounds fterling in all, if the dividends amount to fifteen (hillings in the pound, or upwards; the faid allowance to be calculated on the nett amount of the fums re-fpeAively to be divided ; and in making the feveral dividends, the truftee (hall have in view to deduA fo much from each ai< (hall leave a fund on hand for' anfwering this allowance, in ale it (hall afterwards take place; and if the allowance (hall in the end be refufed, a final dividend (hall be made thereof among the creditors; declaring always, that preferable creditors who are fully fecured, (hall not be counted either in the queftion about the allowance, or in applying for the perfonal prote&ion pr the difcharge.

XLVI. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That the federunt book before mentioned (hall contain a full record of all the proceedings of the truftee, minutes of general meetings, ftates of accounts, fehemes of divifion, and all other matters relative to the truft ; and another duplicate of the whole papers and proceedings, ingrofied in the faid book, (hall be fub-icribed by the truftee, and within fourteen days after the proceedings take place, or the cafts, fchemes, and accounts, are made out, (hall be tranfmitted by him to the clerk to the fe-queftration in the court of feflion, to lie among the records of court; and the faid book of federunt, and the bahkrupt’s books and papers, and whole other papers in the truftee’s hands, (hall at all times be made patent to any creditor who defires to fee the fame.

< XLVII. Andbeit enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That when any application for fequeftration (hall be made to the court of feflion when fitting, and any thing (hall be left undone at the end of anp'faflfafltty the waotof time, the lord ordinary on the bill# is hceeby*uthorized and required to do every thing ;	neccffvy

Digitized by

Google

1783*] A11110 vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18.	243

leceflary in execution of this a ft during the vacation, that he on the bills to s impowered to do when the petition for fequeftration is origi-lally prefented to him; and in like manner, when the applica- me’ ion for fequeftration is made to the lord ordinary on the bills n time of vacation, and any thing is to be done in time of feflion, the court (hall proceed therein in the fame way as if the petition had been originally prefented to themfelves.

XLVIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Court of fef-if any appeal (hall be taken againft any order or interlocutor of fion» pending the court of feflion, or againft any aft or order of the lord ordi- m^^ake or-nary upon 4he bills, in the execution of this a6t, it (hall be law- ders for pre.* ful and competent to the faid court in time of feflion, and lord venting em-ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, notwithftanding fuch bezzlemept appeal, to make fuch orders, and dire# fuch proceedings, ^eftate.^1 (hall appear to be expedient for preventing the eftate of the debtor from being embezz)ed, iecreted, damaged, or delapi-dated, while the appeal is pendent.

XUX. And be it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when any petition for fequeftration under the autho- On death of my of this aft is prefented, it (hall be competent for any other * creditor creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the fame, even	peril

without the confent or after the death of the creditor or credi-tors originally petitioning; and the expence difburfed therein queftration, (lull be repaid by the faftor or truftee, out of the firft end of any other cre-tbe debtor’s eftate, to the creditor or creditors by whom the lame is diiburfed; and if the bankrupt (hall happen to die in the mean time, the proceedings under this aft (hall notwith-(landing be carried on and followed out to their conclufion, as if he were in life.

L. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall Court of fef-and may be lawful for the court of feflion to eftablilh fuch fur- Aon may elta-ther regulations as (hall appear to them mod proper for carry- bhfli further ing this aft into efFeftual execution according to the true in- fof executing tent thereof, and to publifh the fame in any aft or afts of this aft. federunt, which (hall be in force in fo far as is conGftent with tbiiaft.

LI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if at Meeting of the meeting held as aforefaid for appointing a truftee on the creditors may bankrupts eftate, or any fubfeejuent meeting called for the pur- ?pJ?°*nt a pofc, it is determined by a majority of creditors in value, that countable to the eftate ought to be vefted in a faftor accountable to the court the court of of feflion, and not in the perfon of a truftee; the perfon chofeq feflion. by the majority in value aforefaid (hall be, by the court of fef-fion,' or lord ordinary on the bills, appointed a faftor on the faid eftate, and (ball be vefted in the fame, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and difpofe of the fame, and to divide the ' proceeds thereof, in the fame way and manner as the truftee is direfted by this aft, and under fuch regulations as the court of feflion may think proper to lay down (or his conduft; and the bankrupt may alfo in fuel* cafe be difebarged, and intitled to

th«

Digitized by Google

*44

This aft to extend to women, See,

Auftions under this aft not liable *o any duties.

Sequestrations obtained under tne aft iz Geo. 3. to .continue in fprce fix months after the com* qnencement of this aft} during which time, creditors may apply to the court of fef-iioki, in order to have the fequeft ration renewed.

Anno Vfcefnuo tmio Georgii III. c. 18. [1781

the fame allowances and privileges, and fubjcft to the fain

conditions as aforefaid.

LII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaic That#this aft (hall be conftrued by all judges in the moft bene ficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended; and tha the fame (hall be extended to all women as well as men, win fall under the defeription before recited.

LI1I. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thatw rates or duties impofed by any ftatutes upon eftates or effeft fold by auftion, (hall be exigible upon any eftates or effeds, real or perfonal, fold under the authority of this aft.

LI V. And whereas doubts may arife, whether any proceedings an he held on the fequeflrations that have been awarded under the fai aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, m1 tinned by that of the twentieth year of his prefent Majefiy, after tk fame expires; for removing all fuch doubts, it is hereby enafta and declared by the authority aforefaid. That where any f* queftration has been or (hall be obtained under the faid late ad, before it expires, the fame (hall continue in forct for fix months after the commencement of this prefent aft; during which time it (hall be lawful and competent for any creditor whofe debt amounts to the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, or any two creditors whofe debts amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, or any three or more creditors whofe debts amount to the fum of two hundred pounds fterling, or upwards, or to the bankrupt himfelf, with confent of oneor more of fuch creditors, to apply, by fummary petition, to the, court of feflion, or the lord ordinary upon the bills in vacation, representing that the faid bankrupt is a merchant, or otherwifl under the defeription of this prefent aft, and therefore praying* to have the fequeftration renewed, with the addition of all lands and other heritable fubjefts belonging to the bankrupt within Scotland; and upon produftion of their grounds of debt, and making oath as required in other cafes of fequeftration under this aft, the fame regulations (hall be followed out as if there had been no previous fequeftration of the faid bankrupt’s personal effefts, but faving any right which the creditors have acquired by the faid former fequeftration; arrd in cafe fhecreditors (half name a new faftor or truftee under this prefent ad, the former faftor or truftee (hall be obliged to denude in his favour, and convey and deliver all effefts, monies, papers, books, documents, and writings, of every kind, in his hands, in any (htrpe relating to the fequeftrated eftate, to the faid new hitoc or truftee, for behoof of the creditors; and if the cafe does not fill within the defeription of this prefent aft, it (hall be lawful and competent for any one or more df the creditors, but hot for the bankrupt himfelf, to apply to the (aid court, or lord ordinary bn the bills, by fummary petition, within the (aid time, praying that the fequeftrattort of the perform! eflfeft* ifhafl ftill fubfift, and be carried on’ under ftjch regulations* zi the chart

(hall

Digitized by L»ooQle

7S3O Anno vicefimo teftio Gep^gii III. c. 19.

iall think proper to devife or appoint, confidently with the eneraJ plan of the faid late alt of parliament; and to the fFe& of obtaining an equal diftribution of fuch perfonal eftate, 1 terms of the faid late aft; which the court, or lord ordinary, nay allow, unlefs fufficient caufe is fhown to the contrary.

LV. And whereas it bath beenfound* by experience* that fo much f the /aid afl, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Wajejiy, as relates to bills and promijfory notes% hath been of great idvantage to the trade and commeree of that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, be it therefore enalted, That fo much, and och part of the faid alt, (hall be, and the tame is hereby made >erpetual: and that all thd powers, authorities, and regulations ontained in this alt, for rendering the payment of creditors nore equal and expeditious, (hall take place and have continue ince, from and after the expiration of this prefent ieffion of Btrliament, and from thence for and during the term of feven ears, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Mtfliament, and no longer.



So much of the alt is Geo. t. c. 71. felt. 36. as relates to bills and promif-fory notes, made perpetual.

Commence* ment and continuance of this alt* *

CAP. XIX.

U aft for repealing an ad, made in the laft feffion of/ parliament, for compelling John WhitehiU efqoire to return into this kingdom, and for other purpoies; and for veiling in the faid John WhitehiU his eftate and effelts forfeited in confequence of the faid alt; and for reftraining him.from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and/or difco-vsriag hit eftate and efte&s, and preventing the tranfporting or aHsnat* log the lame.

Recital of *a Geo. 3. c. 69. The recited alt repealed. AH proceedings upon the former alt declared void, and Mr. WhitehiU reltored to his gate, he Mr. WhitehiU retrained from going out of the kingdom* be* lore Feb- 1, 1784. and to enter into recognizance for that purpofe with metissu In cafe he neglelt to enter into fuch recognizance, barons of he exchequer may commit him to the Fleet; aad it he leave the kin^-lom before Feb 1. 1784., he and his affiftants therein (hall forfeit their dtares. John WhitehiU efquire, within thirty days alter paffing this alt, o deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of bis auds, tenements, goods. &c. Barons of the exchequer to deliver one IbpHcate of the particulars to the fpeaker of the houfe of lords, and the >ther to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. If the particulars (ball appear evafire or unfati&faltary, &c. the barons of the exchequer are to xamioe the perfons delivering the fame. In default of attendance upon wy fummohs from the faid barons, they may iffiie their warrant for ap-vebendine the defaulter; who, on refufing to be examined, kc. fhall be onuoittea. Perions detaining any part of the property of John White-uU« eft}* or able to give information concerning the fame, and who (halt ■efufe to come before the faid barons, See when lawfully fummoned, (hall X committed. John WhitehiU. efq; di fabled from aliening or i nc umber-ag his real eftate until Feb. 1, 1784. $ and alfo from affigning his perfonal ulr, except for fubfiftence of himfelf and family, or paying jnft debts reotraftrd before April 99, 178s, and except periftiable goods, and fb noch as will indemnify his fureties in 20,0001. This all not to difable |oha WhitehiU, efq; from difpofing of his eftate or effelts in cafe he (hall £e before Feb. i,- 1784. If John WhitehiU, efq; (hall, before Feb. 1, 1784, convey any of his monies or effelts out of the realm (except as is tseepted,) be and bis aiders therein (hall be puniihed at felons. Penalty os perions who OiaU conceal any eftate belonging to John WhitehiU, efq; Allowance to be made to perfons making difcovencs of any eftate or

effelts

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgi! III. C. 20, 21.	[1783,

effects concealed, 20 per cent, if abroad) at 10 per cent at home. E*| India company to fend an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, ,to the fupreme court of judicature in Beni gal, &c. Allowanc^to perfons, making difeovery of concealed eftates or effects in India, 20 per cent. Penalty on perfons in India who (hall firH Crete anyreltate, real or perfonal, after fix calendar months, treble value, one moiety to the Eaft India company, the other to the profecutor# Fori feited eftates, dec. to be paid into the exchequer. Pubiick ad.

CAP. XX.

_ 1	An ad for building a near (hire-hall and guild-hail for the county oi

Salop, and the town pf Shrewibury, in the faid county 5 and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

The expences to be raifed by rates on the county of Salop, and the towa and liberties of Ludlow, not exceeding ? s. 4-d. in the pound to be paid is v three years from March 25, 17831 and to be under the diredioo of the juftices of the peace for the county of Salop, and th£ com mi Hi oners of tbs land tax for the fame county, and for the town of Ludlow in the hid •	county) and alfo of the juftices of the peace, and fuch aldermen of tbs

town of Shrewfbury as are qualified to ad al commiffioneys of land tax for the county at large, and the juftices of thp feveral corporations witbis the faid county who are appointed commimoners to put this aft in ex* cution.

CAP. XXI.

An ad for granting a bounty upon the exportation c/Britilh on! Irifh buckrams and	fillet ti Britifh Irifh British

ecdlitoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, ftained,or dyed, in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the manufacture of linen, callicoes, and or cotton mixed with linen, and the printing, ing, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the experts-tion thereof to foreign parts	increafed, if a bounty	met

allowed on the exportation of all Britifh and Irifh buckrams and til-' lettings, Britifh and Irifh linens, Britifh callicoes and cottons, or at-ton mixed with linen, of a certain value, printed, , or dyed, in Great Britain: may it therefore pleafe yopr Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the Jords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-|.	.	. tnent aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there

wMd on ex- ^a11 be g'ven and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction portation of whatfoever, a bounty for every yard of Britijb and buck-Britifb and rams and tillettings, and for every yard of Britijb or Irifi Irifh buck- linen, and of Britijb callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with letting*, &c.* l'nen> printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, in Great Brim, printed! ftain- °f the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, which, before the cd, or dyed in printing, painting, ftaining, or dying thereof, fhall be under the G«*Brir.in. va|ue of five pence per yard, the fum of one halfpenny} and of; *5-°*°' *' C* tbe vaiue°f five-pence per yard, and under the value of fix* pence per yard, the fum of one penny $ and of the value of fix-

pence

*47

1783*1 Anno vicefimo terrio Georgii IIL c. 2t* 23.

pence per yard, apd not exceeding the value of eight-pence per yard, the turn of one penny halfpenny; which; from and after the palling of this aft, untfl the twenty-eighth day of March* one thou land feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, America* Spain, Portugal, Gibral-tar, or the Eajl Indies, in the fame manner, and under the like provifions, conditions, limitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an aft pafled in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for granting a bounty upon certain fpecits of Britifh and Irilh linens ex-ported; and taking off the duties on toe importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax,) touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

C A P. XXII.

As aSt for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and lor relief of proteftant purchafers. — Enlarged to Sep. i, 1783-

Preamble. Aft 3 Geo. y. recited. Deedc and wills of papifts, &c. made face Sept. *9,1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Sept. 1,1783. This aft not to extend to deeds, Ac. the validity whereof has been brought in queftion before Jan. 1,1783. Purchafes made by proteftants not to be avoided, on account of the title-deeds not having been enrolled, Ac. This aft not to make good any grant of the right of prefentation to any benefice, Ac. in truft for any papift.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft to prevent prifoners in the King’s Bench prifon* or the ruler thereof, or their families or fervents* gaining fettlemtnts in the parifb of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of South*

' wark, and county of §urrey; and for the relief of the findparifb, with refpeft to the families of prifoners in the Jaid King’s Bench, or the Marftialfea prifon, or in the county goal, or boufe of cor-reft ion belonging to tbe^faid county j for regulating the manner of chafing overjeers of the poor ; and for appointing colicftors of the pear's rates, within the faid parifb.

WHEREAS there are fituate within the parifb of Saint Preamble* George the Martyr in Southwark, in the county of Surrey, the following prifons\ (videlicet,) the King’s Bench prifon, the Men of bis Majefljs palace court, called The Marfnalfca, the common goal of theJaid county of Surrey, called The new goal, and On boufe of cerrtliion for the faid county, called The new Bridewell: And whereas the rules of the faid King’s Bench prifon extend over tie whole	of thefeud parifb,except a fmall part thereof $

groat numbers of prifoners are permitted to live out of tho faid -jou, hut within the faid rulesj many of whom, with large families ■eetd in diflreffei circumjiances, rent bou/es, or parts	or,

lodgings readyfwmijbta, which malting them Habit to be rated, atfi

so

Digitized by uooQle

The families of prifoners in she fevcral

pariflj*

. Annavicefimo terrio Georgii III. c.2'3. [1783.

to pay par\Jb rates and taxes, they would thereby gainfettlments, and many af which prifiners and their f amities have become chargeable lo fhe faid parijh, and of amrfe heavy and grievous burthens on the inhabitants: and whereas-many perjout gain fettlements in the /aid parijh, by Jiving as yearly hired fervants with prifiners rejiding within the jmi prifon, or tte faid rules, feveral of which fervants being women of bad character, become, together'with their bajlard children, chargeable to tbefaid parijh: and- whereas the families of perfons being prifiners in the MarthaUet prifon, county goal,'or houfe of 1 correction, are frequently font from the find prifons Jkk, 'or otherwise comeTcharge-	t0	the	overfeers	of the poor of the /did parijh/for rthe/

able to the &*d are by them fupported, and, when able, removed to their rtfpet-five places of fettlemont, if the fame can be found out\ which brings many heavy expences on the jaid parijh, fome of fuch places of fettle-ment having proved to he at very great diflances from the faidparijh: and whereas the fiveral extraordinary expences before mentioned greatly enhance the diflrefs of the fetid parifb, the poor of wbith are very numerous, and the inhabitants chiefly tenants at rack rent, and very heavily taxed in all refpeCls \ and the faid parijh, being the great avenue to London,/ra/w Portfmouth, Poyer, and'ether ports, many travellers, and poor per fins of eatery defeription, Jiop and lodge in the faid parijh, in houfes let by the oukers or occupiers thereof in tenements, or in parcels, to under tenants, or in lodgings or feparote etpartments vjhereby the number of cafual poor are much encreajti: and whereas the poor of the faid parijh, both in and out of the work• houfe, might be more properly employed and maintained, if the whole number of overfeers of the poor were not to be appointed at one and the fame time in every year $ and as the bujinefs of collecting the money on the poor's rates within the faid parijh requires more than ordinary attendance and diligence, it would be a great relief to the inhabitants ferinng the laborious office of over Jeer, and might be a moans of the faid fates being more jlrtCfly collected, if power ms 1 given to the vejlry of the faid parifb to appoint collectors of the poors rates, wherefore, for the relief and convenience of the faid parijh, may it pleafe yourjMfcjefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the Ring’s moft excellent M'ajefty, by and with the advice ana confent erf tbc lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority ofthefarpe, That, from and after the gafllogof thisaS; King's Bench, no perfon or perfons whomfoevei* now a prifoi>er or prifoners, or rules, not or w|10 (j^ll hereafter become a prifon or prifoners in the memsinSt*" King's Bench prifon, or the rules thereof, ihall gain or bead-George’s pa- judged or. deemed to gain a fcttlement in the faid parilh of Saint ri(h, by means George the Martyr, in the borough of Sout/swari, in the county of renting	cf Surrey, by renting a hOufe,'part of a hoijfe, lodging, furnilh-

lod^tagtT, or €c* °r unfurnHhed, or any other premifes whatsoever, within the faid parish, or by being rated to and paying any rates or taxes for the fame, vyhilft, he, (he. or they (hall be fuch prifoner or prifoners; nor (hall any perfon or perfons gain, or be adjudged pr deemed to gain, a fettlement within the faid parifh, by* or by reafon or on account of living, or having lived or redded

Prifpners in

being rated to the poor; nor their fervants.

Digitizec *

Google

1783.] Anno vlcefimo tertio OeorgIi III. c. 23.'	249

fided with any prifoner or prifoners, within the faid prifon, or (he rules thereof, as or in the capacity of a hired fervant; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuitorn, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any perfon or Relief given perfons, being a prifone%or prifoners in the faid prifori of the by the pariftf Ring's Bench, or the rules thereof, or in the prifon of the Mar- to famine* of Jbalpjj or any perfon or perfons being a part of, or be-longing to the family of any fuch prifoner, or being a fervant King's Bench or fervants to any fuch prifoner, (Hall be relieved or fupported, orMarftiaifea, or removed to their refpe<5tive places of fettlement, by the faid to be repaid parifh of Saint George the Martyr, 8r fhall become anyways	re"

burthenfome to the faid parifh, all fuch charges and expences nfoeij* as (hall be actually incurred and paid by the overfeers of the (poor, or veftry of the faid parifh, on any of the above accounts, fhall be borne and repaid to the faid overfeers by the refpe&ive parilhes and places to which they fhall belong; and fhall and may to be recover-be, by them or either of them, recovered of arid from any over- dcb^&c* leer of the poor of the Vefpe&ive parifh or place, by aftion of 0 c * debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Mujefty’s courts of record at fVejlminjier^ or withiri the city of London, to be commenced and profecutcd by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh, or one of then!; in which adtiori or fait no protedlion, efloin, or wager of law, or moVe than ond itnparlahce, fhall be allowed; every account of fuch charges and expences being firft examined and figned by a juftice of the peace, acling in and for the eaftern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of SouthtOari, in the county of Surrey, cot being an inhabitant of the faid parifh.

III. And be it further dnafled, That if any perfon or per- Reliefgiven fons, belonging to, or being part of the family of any prifoner by the paritfi or prifoners in the faid county goal or houfe of correction, or to the tamiiidi any child or children, born irt either of the faid prifons, (nail the count? become chargeable to the faid parifti, either for relief or main- goal, or houte tenance, or to be removed to their fettlement* all charges and ot correction, expences incurred by the faid parifh fhall be repaid to the over- to be repaid feers of the poor of the faid parifh, by the treafurer of the faid fuyreV o( the" county of Surrey, out of the money belonging to the faid county, out of county; and in order thereto, the overfeers of the poor of the the county faid parifh fhall, once in every year, or oftener if they fhall rtocIc* think fit, make out a clear and particular account, in writing, of fuch expences as fhall, to the time of making out fuch account, have been incurred and paid, or provided for by the overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh, on account of the re-fpeflive perfons who fhall have been fo relieved or fupj^rted by the faid parifh, or removed from thence to, their places of fettlement; which account the faid overfeers fhall, after figning the fame, lay before two of the juftices of the peace for the eartern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of Scuthivark, in the faid county of Surrey, not being inhabitants of the faid parifh, who •Hull, and are hereby required upon application being made to.

Vol. XXXIV.	S	them

Digitized by

Google

250	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii 1U..C. 23.	[1783.

them for that purpofe, infpeCt fuch account, and, if they think* it neceflary, examine the (aid overfeers, or any of them, or their books or accounts, touching any the charges in the account laid before them; and unlefs the faid account (hall appear to fuch , juftices to be fraudulent or unreafonable, they (hall immediately figrt and allow the fame; which account, being produced and delivered to the treafurer for the^faid county for the time being, (hall be a fufficient warrant and authority to him for paying the full fum therein contained, and which he is hereby required to pay on demand; all which fums of money, fotobe from time to time paid, (hall be allowed in account to him, as treafurer for the fard cobfty of Surrey.

The owner* of IV. And be it further epacted, That all and every perfon and

divided houfes perfons, whether owner, leflee, landlord, renter, or tenant,

ableVor the*"	^et	^ls	0r	^cr	^ou^>-ynement>	or ot^cr premifes,

within the faid parifh* ready-furnilhed, or in parcels, or fepa-*

fate apartments, or in lodgings furnifhed, or unfurnifhed, (hall be deemed the occupier thereof, and (halLbe fubjeCt to be rated to and pay the poor’s rates, and all other parochial rates and taxes of the faid pari(h ; which rate or rates, afleflment or af-feflinents, (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons renting or oc-cupying any fuch ready-furnilhed houfe, or any fuch parcel or feparate appartments, or ready-furni(bed lodgings; and the perfon or perfons, occupier or occupiers, of whom the fame fhall be demanded, is and are* hereby authorized and required to pay fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be fo rated oraf-fefled upon the owner, leflee, landlord, renter, or tenant, and fo deduCt the fame out of his, her, or their relpective rent t>r rents; and fuch owner, leflee, landlord, renter or tenant, is and are hereby refpeClively required to allow fuch payment uporuthe receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their refpetfive rent or rents; and every fuch perfon or perfons, occupier or occupiers, paying fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleff-ments, (hall be acquited and difeharged of and for lo much of his, her, or their rent or rents as the faid rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, fo paid by him, her, or thfcm, (hall amount unto, as if the feme had been actually paid to the perfon or perfons to whom his or her rent (hall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the faid rate or rates, afleiT-ment or afleflinents, the fame (hall be and remain a charge upon the premifes in refpeCl whereof the fame (hall be fo rated or aflefled, and (hall or may be recovered of and from fuch owner, JelTee, landlord, renter, or tenant, refpe&ively, by aClion of debt, bill, plairn, or information, in any of bi9 Majefly’s courts of record at lyejlminjltr, or in the court of rec^uefts holden in the row#4nd borough of Southwark, in* the county of Surry* to be commenced and profecuted by the churchwardens and overfeed of the poor of the faid parifli for the time being, or one of them; in which action or fuit no protection, efToin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

V.	And

Digitized by

Google •

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertlo GeoRGII III. 0.23,	251

V. And be it further enacted, That on Eajler Tuefday, one Manner of thoufand (even hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of appointing the (aid parilh of Saint George the Martyr, aflerpbled in veftry, 9verfeera in (hall nominate four fubftantial houfcholders to (erve the office *uture‘ ofoverfeer of the poor of the faid parilh, and (hail caufe a lift of the names of the faid^bur perfons :o be delivered to the juf- , tices of the peace afting in and for the eaftern half hundred of Brixttti, and borough of Southwark, in the fa?d county of Surrey^ m the next enfuing petty feflion, for their appointment of two of the faid four perfons to be overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh; who (hall continue in their faid office until Eaficf Tuefday, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and until the petty feflion then next following, when two others (hall , be appointed in manner aforefaid, to aft in their (leads: provided neverthelefs, that two®F* the prefent overfeers, videlicet;

Jojbua Lee, and Alexander Charnley, (hall continue in their faid office of overfeer until two others are appointed at the time herein-after mentioned, and no longer; and that on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of the faid parilh in veftry aflembled, (hall nominate four fubftantial houfehblders of the faid parifh to ferve the office of overfeer of the poor of the faid parilh for the

!ear enfuing, and (hall caufe a lift of fuch four perfons to be de-ivered to the faid juftices at tjj^ir next petty feflion, who (halt appoint two of the four fo nominated, fo be overfeers in the loom of the faid Jofhua Lte^ and Alexander Charnley $ provided that notice (hall be given in the faid parilh church, on the Sunday next before Eajler Tuefday, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, for the inhabitants to meet in veftry on Eajler Tuefday, and the twenty-ninth day of September, annually* for the purpofe of chufing overfeers of the poor of the faid pa-riih; and that for the future the overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh (hall continue to be nominated and appointed at the times, and in manner as is herein-before direfted, and, not otherwife; provided always, That if the twenty-ninth day of September (hall happen to be on a Sunday, then the nomination to be on the next day; and that if no petty feflion (hall be h?ld within one month after Eajler Tuejday> or within one month after the twenty*ninth day of September refpeflively, aqy two juftl* ces, dwelling within or near the faid parilh (hall, upon being applied to for that purpofe, appoint two perfons out of each lift, as direfted by this aft to be made, to be overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh for the year enfuing; and if any overfeer (hall die, or remove out of the faid parilh, the faid juftices may, on application as aforefaid, appoint another in the room of him fo deceafed or removed; and that all overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh fo chofen, (hall be fubjeft to the feveral laws refating to the office of overfeer.

VI.	And be it further ertafted, That it (hall be lawful for tile veftry reftor, churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, and veftrymen of naay appoint the faid pari(h of Saint George the Martyr, or the major part of

S	2	them,

Digitized by Google

*5*

collectors of the poor's rates.

Collectors to account.

If thry refufe to account, &c. may be commuted.

Anno viccfimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 23. [1783.

them, at a publick meeting to be held for that purpofe, fuch major part not being, lefs than nine, and they are hereby fully authorized and impowered, from time to time, as they (hall think fit, to chufe and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons to be collector or collectors of the poor’s rates of the (aid pa-rifh, and fuch collector and collectors is and are hereby authorized and impowered to colled and levy the fame accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them fo to do, it (hall be lawful for fuch collector and collectors to execute all fuch warrants of diftrefs as (hall be granted or iffued from time to time by the juftxes of the peace, againft the perlon or perfons neglecting or refufing to pay the faid rates, in the fame manner, and as fully and efieduaily, to all intents and purpofes, as overfeers of the poor, by any law or laws, can or may execute like warrant* for recovering the	aftefted for the relief of

the; poor; and the faid veftry, or the major part of them as aforefaid, aft any fuch meeting to be held as aforefaid, fhall and may, from time to time, as they think fit, remove any fuch perfon or perfons from being collector or collect rs of the faid rates, and appoint another or other perfon or perfons in his or their room or head; and (hall and may, out of fuch rates, make fuch allowance to the collector and collectors, for his and their trouble in collecting the lame, either by way of falary or poundage, as the faid veltry, or the major part of them as aforefaid, fhall think fit, fo as luch poundage do not exceed fixpence in the pound ; and they are hereby required to take fufficient fecurity of every luch collector, for the faithful accounting for all fuch monies as he (hall receive by virtue of his faid office; and fuch collector and collectors (hall, and he and they is and are hereby impoyvered and required to colleCl the faid rates, when and as often as any rate or afleflment (hall be made for that pu/-pofe, and from time to time to pay over fuch monies fo by them refpeCtively collected, into the hands of the overfeers of the poor of^the faid parilh, or any two of them, to be applied for the benefit and relief of the poor of the faid parifh; and the faid collectors (hall lefpeCtively make up and render to the faid veftry, four times in every year, or oftener, if thereunto required, a full, true, and pcrfeCt account, upon oath (which oath the faid veftry, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) of all the monies fo collected and received by them refpeCtively ; and if fuel) collector or collectors (hall refufe or negleCt to give in a juft account as aforefaid, or to pay the monies remaining in his or their hands in the manner aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace for theeaftern half hundred of Brixton, and borough o( Scutkwarit, in the faid county cf Surrey, upon complaint made to them by any cne of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh, and proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon oath (which oath the faid juftices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) by warrant under their hands and feals, to ccmmit fuch collector or collectors to the commoh goal.

Digitized by

J7$3-] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III, c. 23.	*53

there to remain, without hail or mainprize, until he or they Hull have made a true account, and until fuch money, as upon the faid account (hall appear to he remaining in his-or their hands, lhall be paid and fannied by fuch collector or collectors, or by his or their lecurity or fcounties, or (hall have compounded for the fame, and hive paid lucn c unpofirion money unto the over-icers of the poor of the fa d panih appointed as aforelaid ; and which competition the faid vcitrv, or ihe major pait of them as aforefaid, are hereby impo* tied to make.

VII.	And be it further enaCtcd, That the charges and ex- Expences of, pence* in and about procuring ^and patting this act, (hill be th»^£l^u>w forthwith paid by the ovtrleeis of the poor of the laid pari(h to **al

of Saint George the Martyr, out of any panih money now in, or hereafter to come into their hands, which (hall be allowed in their account.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That no nomination, ap- Writings to pointment, order, judgement convidtion, warrant, or other be w,thuut writing, whatfoever, relating to the execution of or in purfu- amPi-ance of this adt, (hall be changeable wnh any (lamp-duty whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enadled. That no adlion or fuit (hall Limitation of

commenced or brought agaiml any perfon or perfons for any a^lons*

thing donein ; urfuance of thi> a(^, or of any of the powers hereby given, or anyways in 'elation to the prfmiles, until twenty-one days notice (hall have been ihcrcbf given m writing to the veOry clerk of the faid parilh, nor after faiistacl on or tender of amends (hall have been made; and every fuch adlion or fuit fhal! be commenced and brought within ihe (pace of fix calendar months next after the caule of complaint (hall arife, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in the county of Surrey % and not e fewhere ; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch adlion or fuit, (hall and may £lead the general itTue, and give General iffue. this adt, and the fpecial mvrer, in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon : and if it lhall appear to be done in purfuancc of this adt, or that fuch aclion or fuit lhall be brought before twenty-one days notice being given as aforelaid, or after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or fhall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon fu^h verdidt,or if the plaintiff or plaintiff* (hall be nonfuited, or (hall difeon* tinue his, her, or their adlion or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hail have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againit the plaintiff or pi unt.fifs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble coifs, and have and be Treble colt*, entitled to the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

X.	Provided always. That in all fuch adlions or fuits any of inhabitants the inhabitants of the laid parifh, whole evidence may be need- denned com-fary, (hall be, and ^re hereby declared to be competent witnef- petentwit-fcs, notwhhftandmg they may be charged to and pay any of the wcflcs*

rates or taxes within the faid parifh.

S 3	^_iXI.	And

Digitized by

Googk

*

*54*	Anno	vicefitno	tertio	GeoRGIi	III.	c.	24.	[1783.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That this fft (hall be taken and allowed in all courts of juftice as a publick aft; and ail publick aft. judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice thereof as Juch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIV.

4n afl for continuing an afl, made in this fejjton qf parliament, in* tituled\ An aft for 4>unifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; fo far as the fame relates to the realm of Great Britain.

WHEREAS an afl was made in this prefent feffion of par-liament, (intituled, An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,) which is to continue in force within the realm ofGreat Britain from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one rthoufand feven hundred and eighty A hree, until the twenty-fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; And whereas it is judged necejfary by his Majefly, and this prefent parliament, that a body of forces Jhould be continued for the Jojety of this kingdom, the defence of the pojfejjions of the crown*of Great Britain, and the prefervation of the balance of power m Europe; and that the whole number of fuch forces Jhould confijl of forty-one thoufand feven hundred and fifty five effective men, inched* ing four thoufand one hundred and fifty five invalids: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or fubje fled in time of peace to any kind of punifloment within this realm by martial law, or itj any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and ejlablifhed laws of this realm; yet neverthelefs it is re-quifitey for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafl difcipline be obferved, and that foldiers, who Jhall mutiny or ftir up fedition, or fhall defer t his Aftajefiy's fervice, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punifloment than the ufual forms of the law will allow> be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the Jords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the raid aft, and every claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, (hall be and continue in force, within the realm of Great Britain, from the twenty fourth day of April, in the year of our tinned, within Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, until the Great Britain, twenty-fifth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

II. And be it’further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any articles of war, which his Majefty hath formed, made, and eftablilhed, by virtue of the powers given to him by the faid aft, (hail be and remain in full force, within the realm of Great

Britain,

Digitized by Google

Cap. T7, of

the p> dent feiVioii, con-

imtil June 25 »7*3

and alfo the artiac* ot war.

/

178 j.J	Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III, c. 25,—27;

Britain, until the faid twenty-fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred aifcl eigbty-three.

CAP. XXV.

t

An a£t to enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and com* monalty, of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, to fell tneir taxes of certain lands within the middle and fouth levels, part of the (aid great level, which have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arifing from fuch fale, towards difeharg-ing the bond debts of the faid corporation upon account of thole levels.

Ad 15 Car. s. c. 17. recited. Recital of an ad so Car. s. c. 8. for taxing 83rOOO acres (parcel of the 95,000) by a gradual acre tax, and 12,000 acres at a medium of fuch tax. The lands fet out into 11 forts or degrees, according to which the fame have fince been taxed. The great level divided into three parts. By an ad *7 Geo. 1. c. 19. the north level feparated from the middle and fouth levels. By 29 Geo. 2. c. 9. new bonds directed to be given by the corporation for the debt of 28,4401. reduced to 27,440b due on account of the middle and fouth levels. By i» Geo. 3. the corporation empowered to borrow further fums on account of thole levels. 44,0001. The debt of the corporation, on account of thofe levels, now 3 5.8001. Part of the taxed lands cut for turf, and other parts are fit for that purpofe. The corporation empowered to lell tne taxes of fuch lands as have been, or may be cut for turf, to the owners of fuch l*nd*. The money to be applied towards dilcharging the debts of the cor* poration on account of the middle and fouth level*. Publick act.

CAP. XXVI.

An a& to repeal fo much of two alls, made in the fixteenth and (even* teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majeity, as prohibits trade and intercourfe with the United States of America.	x

16 Geo. 3. cap. 5. and 17 Geo. 3. cap. 7. fo far as they prohibit trade and intercgurle with the united ftates of America, or to authorize hofti-lilies againft them, after the periods fet forth in the King’s proclamation dated reb. 14,1783, repeajgd.

CAP. XXVII. ,

An a& to afeertain and eftablifh the boundaries of and between the hof-pital of Bridewell and the precnift thereunto belonging, ana the parilh of Saint Ann Black-Friars, in the cuy of London, as therein ipeemed.

Recital of a* Geo. 3. c. 77. and 29 Geo. 1. for building Black Friars* Bridge. Agreement of the veltiy of Saint Ann's, on Nov. 27, 178s, That in future, the centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane northward, extending towards the louth along the centre ot the laid (treet, to the centre of the foot of the north fide of Black Friais1 Bridge, including the flairs on tne welt fide of the lame ftreet, fliould be the ooundary between the faid parilh and BridewHI Holpital and Precinft. By agreement of the veftry of Bridewell Preempt, on Dec. 3, 1732, the fame boundaries were afTcnted to; and by orders of a general court, on Dec. s8, 1781, the fame boundaries were confirmed.

s4

CAP.

JPreambl*. r%z GrO. 3 c. recited.

The right*

claimed by the V<“*’ Ir-of Ire-lam hi mly eitabiiilied.

Ko writ of er-; *;;• or appeal i11»nt the com is in 1.eland, (hall be received by any court in Great Britain.

Anoo vicefimo tertio GeorGII III. c. 28. £178$, C A P. XXVIII. %

An afl for removing and preventing all	which	have

or might arife, concerning the exclufive rights of the parliament ‘and courts of Ireland, in matters of legijlation and judicature \ and for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of hit Majejly s courts in that kingdom from being receivedL heard« and adjudged, in any of his Majejly s courts in the kingdom of Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by an at? of the laft fejfion of this prefent par-liament, (intituled, An a& to repeal an a<ft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the better fecuring the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the croipn of Great Britain,) it was enafted\ That the faid UJl-mentioned aft, and all matters and things therein contained, fhould be repealed: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the pYoviftons of the faid aft are fufficient to fecure to the people of Jreland the rights claimed by them to be bound only by laws enafted by his Majejly and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cafes whatever, and to have all aftions andJuits at law or in equity, which may be injlituted in that kingdom, decided in his Majejly*s courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence: therefore, for removing all doubts refpe&ing the fame, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be declared and enadted ; and be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid light claimed by the people of Ireland to be bound only by laws enabled by his Majefty and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cafes whatever, and to have all aftions and fuits at law or in equity, which may be inftituted in that kingdom, decided in his Majefty’s courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence; (hall be, and it is hereby declared to be eftablifhed and afeertained for ever, and (halj, at no time hereafter, be queftioned or queftionable.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no writ of error or appeal Ihall be received or adjudged, or any other proceeding be had by or in any of his Majefty’s courts in this kingdom, in any adlion or fuij at law or in equity, inftituted in any of his Majefty’s courts in the kingdom of Ireland; and that all fuch writs, appeals, or proceedings, (hall be, and they are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purpofes; and that all records, tranferipts of records or proceedings, which have been traqfmitted from Ireland to Great Britain* by virtue of any writ of error or appeal, and tipon which no judgement has been given or decree pronounced before the (lift day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, fhall, upon application made by or in behalf of the party in whofe favour judgement was given, or decree pronounced, in Ireland, be deliv ered to fuch party, or any perfon by him authorized to apply for and receive the fame,

CAP,

Digitized by GiOOQle

J7®3*] Anno vicefimo tertio Geougii III. C. 29—32.

• CAP. XXIX.

An aft for rendering eflfeftual an aft, made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majeity, for tne better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred ot Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited; whereby power was given to borrow ii,oooI. The whole pf that fum hath been borrowed, and is found inefficient for the pufpofes of the aft. Power to borrow a further fum of 3,000 I. Power to lay additional rates, not exceeding 1 s% 3d. in the pound. Appeal againft the rates. The application of the rates direfted to pay the principal debt and intereft-, and then to ceafe.

GAP. XXX.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify therafelvei for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole ad millions have been omitted to be ftamped according, to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or mifiaid; and for allowing them time to provide ad millions duly (lamped ; and to give /urtfiejr tiipe to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors. — To qualify before Dec. sc, 1783, and file affidavits pf articles pf derklhip before the lad day of Michaelmas term, 1783.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and pafTages, within the parifh pf Saint !Mary, at Rotherbithe, otherwife Redriffe, in the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

The expences to be defrayed by a rate pa the inhabitants, not exceeding as. 3d. in the pound per annpm; and tenants, whofe leafes fhall not exceed feven years, to be allowed one-third of the rates by their landlords. Where houfes are unoccupied the owners to pay half the rates, and churches, 8cc. and void fpaces pf ground, Sec. to pay not more than 6d. per fquare yard. Tenants paying rates may deduft the landlord's part out ot their rents; but fio agreement between landlord and tenant vacated. Commiffioners may compound with parifhes, bodies politick or corporate, or truftees; and may borrow 6,0001. on annuities for lives, at not more than 10 per cent, per ann. charged on the rates, clear of laud tax; and as the annuitant* die the rates to be lowered

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for amending an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, for th# better relief and employment of the poor of the paridi of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlefex; and for~providing a proper worknoute and burial ground for the ufe of the laid parilh; and for opening certain cbrnmudicatioos, and making certain * ftreets, within the faid parilh.

Aft si Geo. 3. c. 35. recited; and fo much as extends to the appointment of truftees for the relief and employment of the poor, and building a workboufe, and providing a burial ground for the faid parifh, repealed : but not to extend to fuch parts as relate to opening communications. See. The mayor, aldermen, ami recorder of the city ot London, and the pre«

fidents

Digitized by Google

Anno viceftmo tertio Georgii III. c. 33—35. [1783.

fidents and treafurers Of Saint Bartholomew's, Chrift’s, Bridewell, Bethlehem, and Saint Thomas's hofpitals, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh for the time being, with twenty-five other inhabitants of the faid parifti, qualified as in the aft, to be annually chofen by them, to be truftees lor putting this aft and the former in execution; and the qualification of truftees altered from 15I. to 121. per annum. Rates to be made for relief of the poor by the truftees, at leaft four times in every year, and accounts thereof to be produced at meetings, to be entered by the veftry clerk, and an abftraft printed annually.	^

CAP. XXXIII. *

An aft to amend and render more effectual feveral afts parted in the fixth, tenth, fifteenth, and fixteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Merfey; and a branch from the faid canal to Froghall, and a rail-way from thence to or near Caldon, in the county of Stafford.

Aft of 6 Geo. 3. for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Merfry, recited. That, in purfuance of the faid aft, and two others of xo and 15 Geo. 3. the company have raifed various fums, amounting in the whole to 140,0001. (bertdes 130,0001. by fubfeription araongft them-felves,) and have regularly paid intereft to Sept. 18, 1775, at 5 percent, per ann. and from tyience to March iS, 1780, is in arrear, and amounts to *9,4501. The truftee6 empowered to afiign the tolls, Sec. for fecuring the fame with intereft at five per cent, per ann. to be paid half yearly. Form of artignmerit. Recital of 16 Geo. 3. c. j*. for making a canal to Froghalf, and a rail way to Caldon. The company have completed the 1 alt mentioned canal. The prefent rail-way in an inconvenient courfe. Power granted for making an extenfion of five hundred and thirty yards of the canal at Froghall, and altering the courfe of the rail-way from thence to Caldon, and to make a refervoir within three thoufand yards of the fouth fide of the fummit of the faid canal, at Stanley Mofs. Canal to be made, purfuant to the plan, in a book of reference.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for removing certain difabilities and incapacities, cccafioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly, efquire.

Aft 19 Geo. *. c. 26. whereby the faid David Ogilvy taking upon himfeff the title of Lord Ogilvy was attainted* recited. Pardon, March 30, 1778. All difabilities ana incapacities, occafioned by the attainder of the laid David Ogilvy, made void; sjnd he and his heirs, &c. enabled to hold any office under his Majefty, to inherit lands, and commence fuits, &c. His attainder not to affeft any entail or fettlement, &c. made or grauted by or to him, or his heirs. He may fue and be fued, plead, and be impleaded, See. General laving.	»	•

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for raiGng a certain fiim of money by way of annuities, and for

eftablifhing a lottery.

n,ooo,oool. to be raifed by annuities, and 480,0001. by a lottery. Conti ibutors to the fum of 12,000,0001. to be entitled to certain annuities; viz. for every 1001. contributed to 1001, annuity at 3 per cent, from January 5, 1783; and *5!. annuity at 4 per cent, from April 5, 178$, redeemable by parliament; and alfo to an annuity of 13 s. 4d. for leventy-feven years, from January 5, 1783, and then to ceafe; which fhall be charged upon a fund to be eftablifhed this fertion, and collaterally on the fluking laud. Every contributor of 1,0001. (hall, a pun payment of 401 '	more

Digitized by

17S3 ] Anno vicefimo tertio GEORGii III. C.36.

inoye, be intitled to four lottery tickets. Books having been opened at the bank, and depofits made, purfuant to a refolution of the houfe of commons, ot 15 percent. All perfons who have made depoiits, required to pay the remainder of their fubferiptions at certain times fpecified} viz. on the iz,ooo,oool. 10 per cent. May 30, 15 percent. June *7, 10 per cent. July 19, 15 per cent. Aqguft *9, 10 per cent. September 26, 15 per cent. October 31, and 10 percent. December 5. On the 480,000 lottery, *0 per cent. June 3, 15 per cent. July 11, *0 per cent. September 9, and *0 per cent. October 3. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed in-tereft for all monies paid in advance, at 3 per cent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the who’e of their fubferiptions, Oiall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Annuities (hail be paid half yearly. Perfons paying their whole contributions by July *, 17*3, to receive their dividends on 3 percent, and 13s. 4d. annuities due July 5, 1783, immediately ; and thofe not paying till January 5, 1784, when they may receive both dividends together, tax free, with other ufual daufes. The 3 per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be added to the 3 per cent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The 4 per cent, annuities granted by this aft, (hall be guided to the fame fund as the 4 per cents, granted by the lottery a6b of so, si, and is Geo. 3. The annuities of 13s. 4d. per anp. for feventy-feven years, to be added to the confolidated long annuities of 1, z, 4, so, and is Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be eftabliflied this fejfion. 480,0001. to be raifed by a lottery $ the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this fdlion. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets in all 16,036: two of *OfOeol» two of io,opol. three of 5,000!. eight of s,oool. fix teen of i,oooI. thirty of 5001. one hundred and fifty of 1001. three hundred of 50I. and fifteen thoofand five hundred and twenty-five of sol. 5001. to each firft-drawn ticket of the firft twelve days; i,oool. to ditto the 15th day; 1,500b to ditto the i9thaday; 2,0901. to ditto the aid day; 3,000!. to ditto the 25th and 18th days; and 1,0001. to the laft-drawn. Lottery to begin drawingon Nov, 17, 1783. The 480,000!. for the, pay merit of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this ieffion 5 and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduftion, on March t, f7*+>

CAP. XXXVI.

/

frn aft to difeharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, from all damages, interelf, and loflcs, in refpeft to their not making regular payment of certain furns due, and to become due, to the pubhek, and to allow further time for fuch payment; and to enable the company td borrow a certain fum of money; and to make a dividend ot tour pounds per centum to the propnetors at Midfummer, one thoufand leven hundred and eighty-three.

Aft *1 Geo. 3. c. 65. and is Geo. 3. c. 51. recited. And that befides the debts due to the publick, the company had been obliged to polfpone many of their commercial debts; and that by means of me exptnees of the wars and hoifilitics in India, and the homeward bound fhips of the faid company not having duly arrived, the company were become much diftrefied in their affairs. Enafted that the commifiioners of the trealury may allow-the company further time tor the payment of 396,4661. 2 s. 6d. due for cuitoms, and of ioo,oool. which became due December 1,1781, and alfo of 42,105!. 101. which became due March 21, 1783, and of fuch fums as fhall become due for cuitoms before July 1, 1783, till Oftober 1, 1783 ; on payment whereof the company fhall be indemnified. Company impowered to increafe their prefent bond debt, not exceeding 500,0001. beyond their prefent bond debt; and to make a dividend of 4 per cent, at Midfummer, on their capital of 3,200,0001. for the half year, from Ja-Hilary 5, to July 5, i;?j,	.	_

"a	CAP.

Digitized by Gc 2

Anno viceflmo tertio Georgti III. c. 37,38.	[178

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to repeal an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of bi| prelent Majefty, intituled, An aft to continue, for a limited time, f* , much of an aft, made in the laft lefiion of parliament, “ for the mor< ea'y and better recruiting his Majetty’s land forces and marines,” aj relates to tue encouragement of volunteers.

CAP. XXXVIII.	j

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the rive! Thames, or Ifis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate witft the Stroud water canal at Wallbridge near the town of Stroud; ancl alfo a collateral cut from the laid canal at or near Siddington, to of near the town of Cirencefter, in the counties of Gloucefter and Wilts*

The company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, incorporated and empowered to make a canal navigable for boats. See, from the river Thames, or Ifis, at fome place at or near Leachlade, in the county of Gloucefter, through or near Siddington, to or near Haylcy Wood, and from thence through or near Sapperton, to join and communicate with a navigable cut or canal now made, between tbe town of Stroud and the river Severn, at or near Walloridge, in the fame county ; and alfo to make a collateral cut from the faid canal at or near Sidding-ton a fore faid, to or near the town of Cirencefter, and to fupply the fane with water from the fprings, ftreams, and water-courfes, in the aft men* tioned, or to be found within two thoufand yards of the canal or collateral cut, or from refervoiis to be made, as in the aft mentioned. Not to ufe the tarings at Sapperton, but under lord Bathurft’s dire ft ion. To carry a feeder through lord Batburft's gardens. To lay a water pipe from the feeder into lord Bathur’ft raanfion houfe. Canal and cut not to deviate more than fnety yards from the courfe in the plan, figned by tbe fpeaker of the houfe of commons. The line of the canal through Mr. Eliot's lands deferibed. For making the canal through feveral gardens, as mentioned in the aft. Breadth of the c^nal and towing paths not to exceed forty yards (except where raifed higher, or cut above fix feet deeper than the prelent tarface of the land, and where necefiary for the boats to turn, lie, or pafs not above one hundred yards in breadih), and fettle recompences. Proprietors may raife 130,0001. among therafelves, at sool. each fhare: but no one perfon to have more than one hundred (harts. If 130,000!. not fuflicient, company may borrow 60,0001. at filtered; and aflign the navigation, &c. as a fecurity. The interelt of the money borrowed to be firft paid. 5 per cent, to be paid to the proprietors, till the works are completed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare bv themfelves or proxies. General afiemblie* for chufing a committee of thirteen perfons, owners of three (hares each at lead, fubjeft to cont out of general afliembly. General afiemblies to confift of five hundred (hares, who may make bye-laws, 6cc. Bates allowed to be taken for coals, between Stroud canal and Sapperton tunnel, is. 3d. per ton*, between the weft end of Sapperton tunnel and Cirencefter, is. per ton; and between Cirencefter branch at Siddington and Leachlade, xs. per ton; for non, fait ores, fait rock, lime-ftone, chalk, crates of pottery, crates of black glafs, timber, dint, brick, (lone, clay, copper, brafs, and tin, and tin plates, lead, fpelter, and pot metal, window glafs, and plate glafs, id. per ton, per mile, and upon all other goods, 3d per ton, per mile, and lo in proportion. Further allowance for goods remaining upon a wharf ahove twenty-four hours, as lhall be agreed on. Fifty le.t of round, or forty feet of fquaie oak, alh, or elm timber, or fifty feet of fi , or d al bilk, poplar, beech, or birch, not cut into feantlings (hall be deemed a ton. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of final* parcels under one hundred pounds weight. Boats of lefs burden than the Thames and Severn boats not to pafs without leave. Allowing the owners

Digitized by LjOOQle

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio GkorGII III. c. 39.	261

ers of lands to ufe pleafure boats on the canal. Rates to be taken by the Stroud water company, for coals, Sec, patting from their canal into the Thames and Severn canal; viz. for coals from the river Severn to Wall-bridge, and not more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as. 3d. per ton; but if more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, and not returning, 1 s. per ton; but if landed within one hundred and fifty yards abov^ Bnnfcombe road, $«. per ton. For flint, brick, ftone, clay, chalk, fait ores, fait rock, and limestone, patting from Stroudwater navigation into the new canal more than one hundred and fifty yards above the faid road, and not returning, iq. per ton, per mile. For timber, black glafs bottles, and phials, and crates of pottery,

1 d. per ton, per mile. For iron caftings and wrought iron, and all other goods, id. iq. per ton, per mile. For all goofls patting through Stroud-water canal, and not going above one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as 3d. per ton. Vettels patting locks with left than fix tons,

Co pay a lock due, and tonnage for fix tons.

CAP. XXXIX.

An afl for preventing certain injlruments from being required from Jbips belonging to the United States of America ; and to give to his Mojefty) for a limited time, certain powers for tbe better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefls of bis Majejlys dominions and the inhabitants of the faid United States.

WHEREAS is is expedient, for the purpofe of opening a commercial intercourfe with the inhabitants of the United States of America, that certain rejlriflions affefling the fame Jhould be removed, and that certain powers Jhould be g'tben, for a limited timey to his Majejdy in council, for regulating the faid commercial inter-mrfe; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That no manifeft, certificate, or other document whatsoever, (hall be required for any (hip or veflei belonging to the faid United States of America arriving from thence at any port in this kingdom, or upon entering .or clearing out from any port in this kingdom, for any port or place within the faid United States, excepting fuch bonds as are required to be taken, duly to export and not to reland any goods intitled to a drawback or bounty, or which are prohibited to be ufed or worn in this kingdom 3 any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And it is hereby further ena&cd by the authority afore-faid, That in any cafe where a certificate is required to difcharge any fuch bond, entered into for the due landiiig fuch goods wirhin the faid United States, fuch bond fhall and may be dif-charged, upon a certificate under the hands and feals of any officers who are or may be appointed by the faid United States, or any of them, for that purpofe; and if it (hall happen that there (hall not be any officer fo appointed, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch bond (hall and may be difeharged, upon a certificate, under the hand and fcal of any magiftrate of the faid United States, or any of them, certifying that there is no fuch officer it fuch port or place, and that oath hath been made before

fuch

Preamble.

No manifeft. See, required from any A-merican veflei on coming in-' to or clearing out of any Britifh port, except exportation bonds.

For ditch arg-ing bonds given for landing goods in America.

Digitized by Google

' 2&2	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40.	[	17834,

fuch magiftrate, by the matter, or other pet-fon having the charge of fuch (hip, that the goods for which fuch certificate is required were duly landed by him within the faid United States.

Hi# Majefty III. And be it further enacted. That, during the continuance impowercd to of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty in coun-t?onsCfOTgcar*	Cl*» ^y order or orders to be ifliied and publilhed from time to

rying on	time, to give fuch direftions, and to make fuch regulations,

trade with	with refpeft to duties, drawbacks, or otherwife, for carrying

America.	on the trade and commerce between the people and territories

belonging to the crown of Great Britain and the people and territories of the faid united dates, as to his Majefty in council (hall appear mod expedient and falutary; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Continuance IV. Provided always, That this aft, and the powers and of this aft. authorities hereby given to his Majefty, and all orders iflTued and publifhed in confequence thereof, (hall continue and be in force until the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An a ft for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the doathing for the ferjeant s and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

Preamble.

WHEREAS it is necejfary that provtfton Jhould be madt ft defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the iloatbing for the ferjeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one jear, from the twenty* fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every county, rid-irtg, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, tbe^receiver?* where the militia is or (hall be raifed, the receiver or receivers-general of the general of the land tax of fuch county, riding, or place refpee-i county is to tively, (hall iffue and pay the whole fums required, in the manner, and for the fevqral ores'herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, for the pay of the faid militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one (hilling . . for each ferjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and fix-litre ictdownj pence a WCek for each ferjeant-major, where a ferjeant-major is appointed; and at the rate of fixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fixpence a day for each drum-major* where a drum-major is appointed ; and alfo at the rate of fix-pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying

Where tbe

militia is or

iflue four months pay in advance, according to the eftablifh-ment of pay

Digitized by Google

1783 ] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii 111. c.40.	263

ing the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant^company of militia; one penny whereof (ball be applied for defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company; and alfo for half a year’s with half a falary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia be- year’s faiary longing to fuch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and alfo for the refpedlive allowances to the battalion cleric of the general meetings, and clerks of the feveral fubdivi- clerks; fion meetings, at the rates following; (that is to fay,) to the and the al-cierk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and lowanccs to five (hillings for each meeting; and to the feveral clerks of the c^#a| fubdivifion meetings, at the rate of one pound and one (hilling and fubdivi-for each meeting; and alfo for the cloathing of the militia for fkm meeting*; fuch county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and pay for and ten (hillings for each ferjeant, and two pounds for each cloathing of drummer, with the addition of one pound for each ferjeant-major, and each drum-major.

II.	Provided neverthelefs. That in any county, riding, or Where pay

place, where pay has not yet been iffued for the militia, no pay ha* not been lhall be iflued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfence,	^**

or in cafe of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majefty’s tii| the lord lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any fuch county, lieutenant, or riding, or*jplace, (hall have certified to the commiffioners of his deputies, lhall Majefty’s treafury, and to the receiver-general of the land tax, to the trea*-6^ that three fifths of the number of privateXnilitia men of fuch fury, andVe-county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three cei^ers gene-fifths of the proportion of their commiffion officers have accept- ral the iarot* ed their commiflions, and entered their qualifications as by law of the** required.	mcn and

III.	And be it enadted, That all fuch fums of money granted officers.

for the pay of the militia as aforefaid, except fuch as (hall be The money is due to the feveral clerks of the meetings aforefaid, and except to be paid by fuch as (hall be due on account of cloathing, (hall, where the ft* recciver-militia has never been embodied, be paid, by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk rCgiment or or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to battalion, fuch county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his (except the or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, un- cierk^o^ der the hand and feal of his Majefty’s lieutenant Jor fuch re- theffieetings,) fpechve county, riding, or place; and where the militia has upon produc- • been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks cf the ing the war-regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their ^bpoSltiiicsit -warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the app	'

hand and feal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, ot the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion, refpec-tively, notwithftanding fuch militia (hall have been difembo- and for ?nde-died ; and where the militia (half be formed into arfindepend- pendant com* ant company or independant companies, fuch fums as aforefaid	^,e

(hall be paid, by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the cap^ain^or land tax, into the hands of the refpedlive captain of each inde- to their erder; pendant company of militia, or to luch perfon as fuch refpec-

tive

Digitized by CjOOQle

264

according to the eftablilh-ment laid down in the

the firft; and a third within three months after the fecond. Receipts of the perfons to whom the money (hall

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH lit. c.40.	[178/*

tive captain (hall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloafh-

.......... ing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, battalion ortatta-

militia ait of Hons, independant company or independant companies, (hall s Geo, 3. have been appointed to confift; according to the eftabliflhment A fecond pay- d0Wn in an a<ft, parted in the fecond year of the reign of to^bemade0 *11S Pre^ent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to explain, amende and within three reduce into one aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in being re-months after la ting to the raifeng. and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England;) and fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land tax (hall alfo, within fourteert days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft payment, make a fecond payment for four calendar months in advance; and (hall alfo> within fourteen days qfter the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of the faid fecond payment, make a third payment for four calendar be (o paid, to months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the discharge the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion general*8" clerk or c^er^s aforefaid, in the proportions herein-before men-The regimen- Honed; and the receipts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch tal and batta- captain of an independant company, or captains of independant lion clerks are companies, or of fuch perfon or perfons as fuch capt^n or cap-to pay in ad- ta;ns ^aj| fQ autj10rize to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers-general of the land tax for the feveral fums of money fo by him or them paid.

IV.	And be it ena&ed. That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch the fcrjeams futas of money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one ca-and drum- lendar mojith’s pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment jners; and for or battalion refpe&ively; and to the captain or officer com-majo^and1* manding each company belonging to fuch regiment or batta-drum-major Hon, two months pay in advance for the ferjeants and drum-two months mers; and alfo to the officer commanding the company to the ferjeant-major and drum-major (hall belong, two * * rnm‘ months pay in advance for fuch ferjeant and drum-major; and fo, from time to time, as long as any money on that account (hall remain in his hands: which pay every fuch captain or officer commanding is hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belor^jing to his company, by this a6t intitled to receive the fame, as it (hall become due; and the captain of each independant company is hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to his company intitled thereto, fuch money as he (hall receive for pay of his company by virtue of this a it; and yearly^to the Arch captain or officer commanding (hall, once in every year, clerk, or re- give in to the cleric of the regiment or battalion to" which fuch reiver general company (hall belong, or, if captain of an independant com* ^endant com- Pany> t0 receiver-general, an account of the feveral pay-pany*ac^)°rd-" ments he (hall have made, in purfu3nce of this a<5f, according fng to the foi- to the following form : lowing form;

County

vance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain for

to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: Captains to diftribute the pay accord-ingly; and account tor the fame

Digitized by

Google

*783.] Anno vlcefimo tertio GeoKgiI III. c. 40:

County of	Dr.

To cifh received of Mr.")

regimental or / battalion clerk, or re- L reiver general [as tbo Cafe \ /ball bej tor two months \ frty in advance,—* J

Pit Contra*

Cr.

Paid ferjeant for days pay, from the of to the of

following —- -------

Ditto as ferjeant-major (if , one in the company) Paid (erfeant for days pay, from the of to the of following ■ - — — 1 Paid drummer days at Gxpence, from the of to the of following —« Ditto as dhim-major (if I one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of to the df following

}

165

And (hall pay back to the (aid clerk, or to the receiver-general j (at the clfe (hall be,) the furplus (if any) of the money by in hit him from time to time received, and then remaining in his bands, hands.	On difeharge

V.	Provided always, and be it hereby further ena<fted, That of ferjeanu or

in cafe the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independant company ofmilitia, (hall certify in writing to the no clerk of the fame, that he hath difeharged any ferjeant or drum* to be iffiied mer as unfit for the fervice; that in fuch cafe, no pay (hall be till others are iflued for the perfon fo difehatged, until another be duly ap- *PP<>jntcd > pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any ferjeant UJent made^to or drummer who hath been fo difeharged, or who has not pre- Aich as ne vioufly been approved of by the commanding officer, in cafe of difeharged by vacancy by death, or otherwife.	the command*

VI.	And be it enaded. That the clerk of each regiment or

battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be ,rc likewire to iflued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of pay, out of the each regiment or battalion, (hall, yearly and every year, pay to olltwed the colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for pcr^*n*for * defraying the hofpital expences of each refpedive company of hofpita! fuch regiment or battalion, during the time of the men's being charges* abfent from home upon account of their annual exercife^ and (hall, from time to time, iffue out and pay fuch fums of money "h^repTir of as may be neceflary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and arms, and removal thereof, upon an order in writing figned by the colonel carriage or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion ; and apply,	tof>c

difpofe of, and pay, the refidue of fuch money, for the ge-	forthe

neral ufe and benefit of each fuch refpedtive regiment or batta- benefirof the lion, in fuch manner as the field officers and captains thereof, regimenr, &c. or the greaterpart of them, (hall direft; and (ball, yearly and

Vo 1. XXXII.

a 66

captains (hall . dircft. Account of the (aid fums to be made up yearly, Sic.

Money allowed for contingent expences of indepen-dant companies to be applied and accounted for by the captains.

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own falary.

During the time the troops are embodied,and called oat into *&ual fervice, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the re-ceiversgene-ral is to ceafe.

Reccivers-ge-neral to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fubdi vision meetings, upon -producing orders from the lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants; which order to be a dif-charge to receivers-general.

Annp vicefitno tertk) Georqii III. c* 40.	[1783;

every year, make up an account of all fuch nloney, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer commanding fuch regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and figned; which account Co allowed and figned (hall be, and, is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of fuch clerk, for the application and dif-pofal of fuch money.

VII.	And be it enaded. That the money herein directed to be jffued for the contingent expences of each independani company of militia, (hall be, in like manner, applied to the particular ufe of fuch refpe&ive independant company by the captain thereof; and (hall, yearly and every year, be in like manner accounted for to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county or place to which fuch independant company (hall belong ; whofe allowance of fuch account (hall, in like manner, be the proper voucher for the expenditure and difpofitioa thereof.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That the faid regimental or battalion clerk may and (hali retain to his oton ufe, out of the money fo by him received, fuch further fums as (hall complete the allowance herein-before made for his falary.

IX.	And be it ena&ed. That where any regiment, battalion, or independant com pan v of militia, is or (hall be embodied, or called out into a&ual fervice, and thereby the officers and private militia-men are or (hall be intitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men in his Majefty’s other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, feijeants, or others, and all money allowed as afor.efaid for the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, and alfo the allowance to the clerk of fuch regiment or battalion, (hall, during fuch time of adtual fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, (hall be diiembodied and return home, ceafe, and not be paid.

X.	And be it enafted, That the laid receiver or receivers of

the land tax (ball pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds and five (hillings for each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofe from his Majefty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy-lieutenants, affembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall alfo pay to each and every of the clerks of the lub-divifion meetings their fcveral allowances, at the rate of one pound and one (hilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants, affembled in the (everal fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders (hall be, to the faid Receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, a fufficient difeharge for the payment of fuch allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.	,r“

XI. Provided

' ~ ...»

Digitized by Google

j Anno vicdimo tertid GeoiIgii III. c. 40.

267

XI.	Provided always, and be it ehaSed, That the clerk of Regimental each regiment or battalion of militia (hall give fecurity to the and battalion receiver or receivers-general of the land tax of the county, rj. «*«•*» to^ive ding, or place, to which fucli regiment or battalion'(hall belong, £ by a bond to his Majefty in the penalty of one half of the fum accountingfor required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battali- the ponies on of militia to which meh clerk (hall- belong, for duly anfwer- r*ceived ty tng and paying fuch fums as he (hall, from time to time, have 1 em* received, and for duly accountingfor the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in him repofed; which faid bonds (hall the bonds to be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers-general of ^lodged with the land tax for the refpedlive'county, riding, or place, who, in	and"

tafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not duly perform put in fuit by the conditions comprifed in the faid bond, (hall, and is hereby them on non. required forthwith to put the faid bond in fuit, in the name of performance his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors $ the full cofts and charges of cond‘* which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given againft fuch regi- and t{,„ are mental or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid imitled there-receiver or receivcrs-general of the land tax, who (hall likewife uP°n to full be intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the *?J**jjf rale of five pounds per centum out of all fuch monies as (hall be c '*r j 5 by him or them recovered thereon; and (hall account for the ™nt.50‘f the undue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majefty’s reve- money reco-nue; the faid receiver or receivcrs-general of the land tax charg- vered 1 the re log himfelf or themfelves therewith, upon the next account of fidue t0 *** the land tax to be by him or them pafled.

XILAodbe it ena&ed, That the clerk of every regiment,Thc	-men*

or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant tal and barta-company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within lion clerks and the part of Great Britain atorefaid, (hall, between the twenty- captains of in-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one companies thou fa nd feven hundred and eighty-three, deliver to the receiver arc £ deliver or receivers-generaV of the land tax of the county, riding, or in accounts of place, to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant com- thcir receipts pany (hall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by ^gn^ur*c,r' him received and di(burfed for the fervice of the preceeding year, in purfuance of this prefent aft, with proper vouchers for the fame > and (hall pay back to the faid receiver or receivers-gencral of the land tax any fufplus of fuch monies that (hall then be in his hands; which faid accounts, figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independant company refpe&ively, fhall be tranfmitted, by the faid receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That all penalties, cods, kc. all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money for which where to be any perfon or perfons is or are by this a<5t made anfwerable, recovered, may and (hull be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts ot record at Wejlmlnjier, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbih, wager at law, or protection, or mg re than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

A1V. Provided

268

No fee payable for any warrant or Ann of money jflued in pur* fuance of tbis aft.

Officers on half-pay ferving in the militia, may receive the fub-Aftence-jnoney payable to captains, lieutenants, or en-flglM,

they taking the following path before a juftice.

The oath*

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII III. C.40. [1783.

XIV.	Provided always, 'and be it enafted, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be iflued in relation to, or in purfuance of this aft.

XV Provided always, and be it enafted. That any perfon being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having ferved in any or either of the two troops of horfe guards, or re* gitaent of horfe reduced, and ferving in the militia, (hall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fubfi-ftence-money by this aft direfted to be paid to captains, lieutenants, or enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftencc-money by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be deemed a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fuch perfon on half-pay, or being intitled to any fuch allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or fuch allowance; and fuch perfon (hall take the following oath before fome juftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame.

1A. B. do fwtar, That I had not, between the

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under bis Mayfly, befides my allowance of half pay as a reduced	in	late regiment

of	[or	allowance	as

in	late troop of horfe guards, or

regiment of horfe reduced,] Jave and except my Tubfiflence as a captain, lieutenant, or enfign, [as the cafe may be,] jor ferving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or the faid allowance, without taking any other oath 5 any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Receiver- XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, general, upon That the receiver-general of the land tax, fo foon as he (hall receiving a receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or command-warrant,from ing officer of their refpeftive regiments or battalions, certifying inCCofficernd *^e rccciPt cloathing for the ferjeants and drummers, and ceftifying^the an order from the faid colonel or commanding officer for the receipt of the money due on account of the fame, payable to the perfon or doatning, and perfons who furnilhed the faid cloathing, (hall pay the fum men-na°ment^isto t*onec* *n orc^cr to the perfon intitled to receive the fame; pay The fame° anc* warrant and order, together with the receipt of the accordingly, perfon receiving the faid money, lhall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver-general.

If any regi. XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ment,	That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant company,

(hall ceafe, ;s. (hall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this aft, per diem is to the fum of three (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fucb perfon

as

Digitized by

17S3.J Anno vtceflmo tertio Georgii III. c. 41—43.	*69

as has aftually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, or be paid to the independant company, from the time fuch regiment, battalion, adjutant from or indcpendaiit company, (hall ceafe, to the twenty-fifth day of *‘me t0 March, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four.	"J™1	%i‘

CAP. XLI.

An aSt for impowering perfons navigating vefTelt upon the river Trent, between a place calied Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leiceftcr, or one of them, and the town of Barton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the fame with horfes.

Recital of to k n Gul. 3. c. *0. Hehry lord Paget impowered to make and keep in repair towing paths for borles:	for confining towing paths

to one hde of the river. Four plans and books of reference to be figned by the fpeaker of the houfe of4commons/ one to be kept by the deputy Reward of the borough of Burton, and the clerks of the peace of the counties of Derby, Leicelter and Stafford, to keep each one, to be evidence at law. No deviation to be made in the towing path. If any alteration in the banks, fo as to vary from the plan, commifConers may alter the boundaries. Fords not to be made deeper than ift inches in the drieft feafons between Burton upon Trent, and Wilden Ferry. But may be made conformable to thofe in the rivei* Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainfborougb. Power to take a tonnage for vefTelt: viz. For any goods (fime excepted) carried from above Wilden Ferry to the town of Burton, (befides the tolls already eiiablifhed by the former a&) not more than ad. per ton. No toll to be taken for veflels patting between Wilden Ferry and Cattle Donnington; nor for gravel, dung, foil, marl, or lime for improvement of land between Wilden Ferry and Burton upon Trent* So mucn of 10 & 11 Gul* 3. c. 10. as reitrains perfons from making warfs, &c* between Wilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges, repealed*

CAP. XLII.

An aft for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parifh of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Weltminfter, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifances and an* noyances therein.

• Geo. 3* c. ai. 3Geo. 3. c. 13. 4 Geo. 3. c.39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo. 3. c. <4. 11 Geo. 3, c. aa. fo far as they relate to Covent Garden parifh, repealed; and the power given to commifhoners by the former a&s vefted in a committee of the inhabitants of the parifh. —See fee. 47. p. 816. Rates 6d* per pound for houfes \ and for ground, &c. 6d. per fquare yard, per annum.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft for better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the parifh of Saint Anne, and fuch part of Cock Lane as lies in the parifh of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty of Weftminfter; and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

* Geo. 3.C. «i. 3 Geo 3* c. *3. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo, 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. is. repealed and made void fo far as they relate to Saint Anne's parifh; and the power given by the former a&s to commif-fioners veiled in truitees and a committee of the inhabitants of the parifh.— See tec. 55. p. 891. Committee men to take an oath of qualification. Meet* iflgt of truitees and ccmmittee. Truitees and committee to pay their

T j

_	Digitized	by VjOOQLC

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii 1U. 6.43.	£	1783.

own e*penceg. No all valid unlefs done at a meeting.All afts of tbe trotted and committee may be done by tbe major part of them refpcc-tifely. Trutfees may appoint a clerk* and allow him a faiary. Commit -fee may appoint officer#, and (hall take feCurky from them. No officer to take any fee other than allowed by committee; or be interefted in may contrail. Salaries of the clerk* infpeltor* and colle&or* limited, officers to account with the committee upon oath half-yearly* for all matters committed to their charge, and all mopey received and diftrarfed. Colle&or to produce an account of the arrears of rates. Copies of fuch account#, figned by three of the committee* or by their clerk, (hall be tranfautted to the truftees. Collector negleHing to deliver his account, otjptf hit'balance, to forfeit 101, and committee may bring an a&ion agamft hitp for foch forfeiture* Sec. or the fame may be recovered before two jofticea. On failure of diftrefs* offender to be committed. Commitment of offenders not to difcharge their furcties. Committee may employ workmen. Sec. where tbe expence of the work fliaU not exceed 40 s. and contraa for paving, cleaning, and lighting. Particulars to bo fpeciEed in the contract* which are to be entered in a book. Thirty days notice previous to entering into contrails. No contrail to b$ made but between Feb. t. and June 1. The level of the (treats not to be altered* or inferior matetttlf ufed, without confent of adjoining parities. No alteration to be made fo as to render the ftreets worfe lighted. Propofals for Cleanfing to fperify what will be allowed for cinders* &c. Fetfons willing to contra& may in-fpell former propofals. Contrails already made to be valid. Committee to caufe the works to be examined; and if ndt dojlfc agreeable (0 the contrails, may bring allions agiihft the lontra&ofs. Committee maf compound wkh contractors for the penalties incurred on nonperfbhnanct of contrails. Committee annually to print and diffribute egtraAs of contrails and penalties, &c. Houfeholder making complaint 61 defelEvt pavement* furveyor to view it, and if defeltive, to give notice tpeon-traHor to amend it. Penalty on contrallor for neglelt. On nonperformance of contrails for cleanfing or lighting, penalty to be recovered.' Att* thoricing the committee to hold fpecial meetings for con fide ring the (batter of complaint made by an houfeholder. on lontrtlts not Dehfg performed, committee may caufe the work to be done by other perfons* and dedull the expence from the money due to the contrallor. New greets to be firft paved at the expdbcd of tbpowners* who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp-irons* materials* See. vetted in committee. Committee may bite ground for de-pofiting materials. Committee inay bring aHions, Sec. againft perfoni taking away materials. Penalty on damaging materials* or taking down lamps, &c. Names of ftreets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and boules and lamp-irons to be numbered.. Penally on defacing, Sec* fuch infeription. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamp*- Perfons careUfaly or accidently breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, for repairing cleanfing, and lighting* hot exceeding is. yd. in the pound in any fquare, and 11. in ftreets* and other places. Additions! rates tor paying tbe money owing and the intereft, not exceeding i a. 6d. in the pound in the optional ftreets* and 6d. in the other parts of the parifli. Houfes hereafter to be built* to be a defied as others. Total amount of rates not to exceed that of former years. Empty houfes to pay one half rate, which may be recovered from tenants* who may deduct h out of their rent. Church and church-yard* and other publick buildings* to be rated according to the number of iqoare yards of paring belonging thereto. If Committee neglelt to make the additional rates, truftecs may dciti and if they omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants may do it. Commencement of rates. Rates of houfes let in feparate apartments* and ready-turmlhed, to he paid by the tenant, who may dedull the fame out of hi9 rent. Rates of houfes let to ambafihdors to be paid by the landlords, Poor rates may be infpelled by an order of three committee men, and copies, &c. taken. Power to recover the rates by diftrefe. Rates may be recovered by allion at law. Perfons quiting houfes or preftiifes before payment of the rate#, and perfons entering in (uch houfes or ptemifes, to -•	be

Digitized by

Google

f 783.3 AAnd vicc/jmo tertio Georg 11 III. c. 43:

be fubjeft to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the .fame, Nothing in this aft to afFcft agreements between landlords and tenants. Perfoni aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the quarter feffioos. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker. Banker to pay money drawn upon him by the truftee* and com-hiittet. Penalty on cofleftor keeping 501, in his hands longer than two days. Cbmmiflioners to account with the truftees, relative to optional facets; and with the committee, relative to the other parts of the pariih, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Prefent committee to ac-count with the committee-to be appointed under this aft Arrears may be levied. Truftees to apply additional rate to pay intereit and debt. Committee to apply other rates for repairing, deanling. and lighting, and removing nuifances, &c. Surplus to be applied towards difeharging debt- or for new paving. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be railed within the optional itreets, for paying the principal and intereit due on fbch ft reefs.	Creditors to be paid by ballot. Truftees may pay fume

under 1001. Notice to be given to the ptrfons whole bonds are to be paid off. New Securities for tool, each may be given, inftead of prefent lecu-rities for a larger fum. Power to borrow money to difeharge certain debts due upon fome of the optional ftreets, and not fecured upon the rates. Rates may be aligned. Form of alignment. Alfignments may be tranf-ferred Form of transfer. Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower intereit, to difeharge fecuritiesat a higher. Power to lay a fate not exceeding ad. in the pound for new paving any ftreet. For Joying, a proportion of the expence* of tht com million, till March *5, X7S4. and then to ceafe. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of boufes. Water to be conveyedirom houfes in pipes. Falifadoes broke or defec-tiw to be repaired. Scc. Pofls in “King Square court not to be taken away. Penalty on placing annoyances or obltruftions in the ftreeti. If penalties are not paid, offender to be committed. No hoards to be erected, without licence from the furveyor or infpeftor to the committee. Pe* Mty on running wheels, See. or driving carriages, horfes. See, on foot fpmment. Dirt not to be fwept into common fewer, or withm a certain qiftance of any grate or channel. No perfon other than the Icavenger, to carry away duft, Sec, Penalty. [Owners of cinders, duft, &c. may carry away the fame for their own ufe. No night foil to be taken away before 1% at night, or after five in the morning m winter, or four in fummer, or to be put or caft in any part of the pariih, or within a certain diftanc* thereof. Scavengers duty. Penalty on negleft. Inhabitants exempted from office of fcavenger and furveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defeftive pave-nenti, &c. Hackney-coaches not to ltand before the church during divine fervice on Sundays, Chriftmas-day, and Good Friday. Paviours to water companies to tranfmit their names, places ot abode, and walk, to the commute. Dir eft ions for repairing defeftive water pipes. Penalty on paVioor's negleft. If no regular paviour, notice to be tranfmitted to the clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimburled expences of relaying pavement broken for repairing water-pipes. Lilt of ftreets to be tranumtted to water companies. Water company not to be fubjeft to pay tbe expence of paving, or repairing the pavement, unlefs the account be delivered within a limited time. Committee to ltate in their account to the water company* the charge'of fuch relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, &c. Treaforer or clerk to the water companies may infpeft the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or infpeftor to verify his acccount with any water company upon oath, if required. The provilions ot the aft extended to fuch part of Cock Lane as lies in Saint Martin's pariih, until the debt due on that fteeet be paid off. Proceedings of truttees and committee to be recorded* and to be fettled annually ; and examined at a veftry meeting, and may be infpefted. Not to extend to (uch part of Oxford Street^ as is In the pariih of St. Anne, or to fuch part of Prince’s Street as is in the pariih, until the whole debt be paid off. Penalties ard forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may give evidence. How juftices T4	to

*7*

to Geo. t. c. 43, recited.

Anno vicefimo tertlo GeoRGTI III. c. 44,43-	[1783^

to proceed for convi&ion of offenders. Form of convi&ion.. Adions may be brought in the name of one of the truftees, or committee, or their clerk f and upon obtaining verdjds, they hare power to recover cofb. No adiofi to abate on death or removal of clerk. No effoin, See. to be allowed in actions. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefGons, on giving eight days notice, Kates and proceedings not to be quaftied for want os form, or to t)e removed bv certiorari. Plaintiff ifiall not recover alter tender of fufficient amends. DUtrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expences of this aft how to be paid. Writings not to be futge& to ftamp-duties. Limitation of a&ions, General i2ue. Treble cofb. Ppblick aft.

CAP. XLIVt

ad for amending, and rendering more effedual, an afit made in the fifteenth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad for building a workhoufe, and lor the better relief and employment of the ^oc^witbin the parifh of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the county of

CAP. XLV.

4* afl for regulating the proceedings of the coure of jujlidary, and circuit courts in Scotland.

WHEREAS by on aft of parliament *enade in the twentieth year of the reign of his majtjly King George the Second, (intituled. An a& for taking away and abolifhing the heretablc jurifdidtiqns in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for snaking fatisfa&ion to the proprietors thereof; and for reftoring fuch jurifdi<5tions to the crown; and for making more effectual j?rovifion for the adminiftration of juftice throughout that part qf the united fcingdopri, by the king^s coprts and judges there; and for obliging all perfons adting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the^mTonbf'the two kingdoms more complete;) it is among/ otter things enabled, That it JhalL and may be lawful to and for any party or parties conceiving himfelf or tbemfelyes aggrieved by any interlocutor, decree, fentence, or judgement of any of the inferior judges therein mentioned, concerning matters criminal, of whatever nature or extent the fame may be, except all cafes which infer the lofs of life, or demembration, or in makers civil, where (be fufjebt matter of the fuit did not exceed in value the fum of twelve pounds Jlerling, to complain and feek relief ogaufl the fame by dppealio tie next circuit cot^rt of the circuit wherein fucb inferior court Jbaft lit, to be proceeded in before the /aid circuit court, in the way and manner therein directed; and it is thereof ienabled. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in\he year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and forty-eight, thefircuit court fball be regularly held twice in every year, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and the judges thereof Jball continue by the /pace of fix days at the leaf, at each town or place where the circuit courts /hall be held for the difpatcb of bufinefs: And whereas it has been found fr*m experience, that few appeals have been taken or brought

front

Digitized by Google

1783.] ArtBO vicelitM tcrtio Georgii III. c. 45*	a73

from the inferior yurts to the circuit courts, either in matters criminal or civile parties conceiving themfehes aggrieved by the judge-meats or decrees of the inferior courts, (hoofing to take their appeals by advocation or fufpenfion, and to have the fame beard and dif-cuffed before the courts of jufiiciary and feffion, in the cottrfe of law as formerly ejkblijbed, rattier than by toe fummary remedy of appeal to the circuit courts, whereby one branch of buftnefs in thete circuit courts is greatly abridged, and thereby the continuance of the judges at each circuit town for the fpace of fix days is become unneceffary:

And whereas the judges continuing at any circuit town for a longer time than may be neceffary for difpatching and finijbing the bstfinefs brought before them, is attended with many inconveniencies to the publish, and an unneceffary expence to the judges, jury, and whole members of court, as welTas the Jberiffs and inferior magjftrates, who, by law, are obliged to attend the judges while they continue at the circuit towns; for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enaAed ; and be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful for the court of judiciary, and Court of the faid court is hereby authorized and required, at the time of tidary to de< fettling and appointing the fpring and autumn circuits, that is }cn^2* to foy, between the fird and twentieth days of March, and fitft judges (hall re-and twentieth days of Augufi, in each year, by an aft or minute mam in each' to be recorded in the books of adjournal, to declare and deter- circuit town, mine bow long the judge or judges (hall continue and remain in each circuit town or place of the refpedtivc didri&s; at the expiration of which time fo to be limited and declared, the judice-ayre at fuch town or place (hall be concluded and ended, the jury, (heriffs', and other magidrates, difcharged from their attendance, and the judge or judges not obliged to continue longer in fucb town or place; any thing in the aforefaid a<Sl to the contrary notwithdanding.

II.	Provided always. That if any trial or matter Civil or cri- All trials be. anina! (hall happen to be begun or entered upon, and not con- gun before eluded and determined, before elapfing of the time fo to be li- the limited mited and declared for the judge or judges continuing in each £3f circuit town or place, it (hall neverthelefs be proceeded in, and ccj#

the judge or judges, and jury, (hall not be at liberty to depart or leave the faid town or place till the fame is concluded and determined : and provided alfo, That the judge or judges of the judges, fhe-circuit Courts (hall continue, and the (heriffs and other officers riffs, Ac. to (hall attend them, by the fpace of three whole days at the lead continue three at each town or place where the circuit (hall be held, but that ^achtdwn,gm the jury (hall be difcharged from their attendance as foon as the	9

bufinefs may admit.

III.	And whereas by an all, made in the twentieth-firfi year of the Recital of % t reign of bis faid late majefly King George the Second, intituled. Geo. 2. c. 19. An act for the more effectual trial and punifhment of high treason, and mifprifion of high treafon, in the highlands of Scotland;

and

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Alteration introduced by the faid a& #5und to b€ beneficial.

Court of jofficiary, and Circuit courts, may try caules for capital offences it the fame manner as thole tor leU crimes.

Pifcretionary power given to the judges.

Anno viceCm* Gborgii HI. 0.45s	[f;8

and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence writing in Certain criminal profecutions $ and for making ibd further regulations relating to Sheriffs depute and ftewarts d

£:©, and their fcibftitutes; and for other purposes there rwioned; and ricking, That whereas the taking dawn and redo into writing the evident* given in criminal taufes end pr< fractions (not extending to the lofs of life, or to aemembratici before the court of jujiiciary, and the circuit courts, in that pa of Great Britain called Scotland, had, by experience, beenfm vary inconvenient, and to oceajton great delay as well as expend; is thereby erta/ted, That, from and after the prft day of July, in tl year ef our Lord one tboufdni[even hundred and forty-eight, it fa\ and may be lawful for the fata court of jujiiciary, and the faldrtfptt live eircuit courts to proceed in, try, and determine, all caufes on profecutions before them for any crime or crimes not inferring th punifhment of death, or demembration, whereupon the verdill of 0 ajftze or jury is to pafs, upon examining and hearing the evidence ej the witnefs or witnejfes adduced or examined in any filth caufe Or pn• fecution riva voce, without reducing into writing the teftimny sj any fuch witnefs or witnejfes; and that the practice of taking dam end reducing into writing the teJHmony of'witnejfes infuch cafes, be, ad the fame is thereby abrogated and abolijbed: and whereas the alteration in traduced in the trial of the leffer crimes by the dbove aft has been feud, by experience, to be attended with important andfalutary cenfejmus: and whereas the taking down and reducing into writing tie evident given in the trial of crimes, which may infer the punijhment ef death, or demembration, as now pratlifed in the court of jujiiciary, and droit coUrts, has been found, by long experience, to be attended with greetin' tonveniencies, by prolonging trials to fuch a length, as has bten fmi dangerous to the health of the judges, council, and jury, whereby the bejl jurymen are often deterred from attending fuch fervicej ad thofe who do attend, after being exhaufted .with the fatigue f fuch long trials, are little able to difcharge their duty in rtconftdering the whole evidence as taken down at ftich length in writing, U crier to form their verdiSf; for remedy whereof, be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court of judiciary; and the faid refpedfive circuit courts, to pro* ceed in, try, and determine all caufes and profecutions befd them, for any crime or crimes inferring the punifhment of dcatl or of demembration* in the fame manner as is now praflifl in profecutions for lefler crimes, by the Verdidt of an affize, I

S, upon examining and hearing the evidence of the wk or witnefles adduced or examined in any fuch caufe 0 profecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the rdli mony of any fuch witnefs or witnefles.

IV.	Provided always, That if in the trial of any of the crime which may infer the punifhment of death, or demembration, i (lull appear to the judges more expedient to take down and re duce into writing the teftimony of all, or any number of th witnefles, according to the prefent pradtice, it (hall be lawfti for them to proceed in that manner; any thing in this prefea adl to the contrary notwithstanding.

'	,	Google

Digitized by '

1783*3 Anno nctftfto tertio Georgii HI. c. 4	75

V.	Provided alio, That in all fuch trials and profecutions, Counfel, or whether the evidence be Reduced Into writing, or be taken from prisoner, may the witnefTes viva 1we,without reducing the fame into writ-

ing, the council on both iides, and the pannel, or prifoner, may interrogate the witnefies upon all pertinent and legal queftions, and immediately before the affix* or jury (hall be factored the evidence (hall be fummed up by the judge, or oqe of the judges, before whom fuch trial (hall be had. ,

VI.	Provided likewife, That nothing herein contained (hell	trials

iter, or be underftood to alter, in any refpeft, the form or mode for high trea-of trials before the find courts for the crimes of high treafon, fon,&c.

or of mifpriiion of treaion.

VII.	And whereas by an aft, pajjedin the parliament o/Scotland, Recital of two

iatbeyeefr one thoufani Jin	hundred and Jeventy-two, Aft aftsofthepar,

concerning the regulation of the judicatories, among other

tins of the court of	jufticiary, if is	providedThat four of tho

Jbeil always be a quorum of that touri :and , by a£f of the parliament of Scotland, made tie the year one tboufand fix mired and	eighty-one, intituled, A ft appointing the quorum of

the juftice court in time of vacance, it is Jlatuted and ordained.

That in time of vacance of the feffisn, three of tho tommijfienert nfiitiory /ball bo a fuffkient quorum: and tubereas It has been , fttouxpifience, that'the quorum appointed by the ad btnty Scotland firjl above recited, is often attended with -

tumus, as interfering with the attendance of the judges of tho court tfjvftieiory to their duty at judges in the court of jejfion, and that Ibt ttaJoU for reducing the quorum of the (aid court of jufticiary ta thru,	applies,with more propriety, to tno time of the fittings of

the court offefjion, than to the	time	of the vacation of that eourt; he

k therefore cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That any three Three judges flf the judges of the court of judiciary, who are alfo judges %

Of die court of firffion, (hall be a fufficient quorum of the faid to le a quo-court of jufticiary, as well during the fittings of the court of rum, during Mon, as in the time of vacance, or recefs of that court.	the Gttings of

VIII.	And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That all	°*

the powers, authorities, and regulations, contained in this aft,

(hall take place and'have continuance from and after the firft day ment™ndcon-sf July next, for the term of three years, and from thence to rinuance of (he end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer, this aft.

CAP. XLVI.

Aa aft far widening the north-weft end of Fenchureh-ftreet, and the Couth end ot the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Comnon council impowered to widen the paflages, as delcribed in the (chedule annexed.

Digitized by

Google

THE

!	Anno vicefimo terdo Georoii ttl. e.	[1783;

THE SCHEDULE

T» wbitb tbtrefers.

,	\ ’

Ground to be laid into the ftreet at the weft end of Fenchurch-ftreet}

videlicet,

OK the weft fide thereof, fronting Gracechurch-ftreet, from north to fouth. Twenty-four feet, feven inches: on the foath fide thereof, fronting Fencburch ftreet, from weft to eaft, forty*fix feet: and on the north, eaft fide thereof, upon a curve line, fifty feet.

Ground to be laid into the Old Jewry, at the fbuth*weft end thereof!

videlicet,

AT the fouth end thereof, next the Poultry, from eaft to weft, fixteen feet, five inches: on the weft fide thereof, from north to fouth, one hundred and eight feet, five inches: at the north end thereof, from weft to eaft, five feet,,four inches: and on the eaft fide thereof, next the Old Jewry, from north to fouth, one hundred and eight feet, five inches.

In cafe of refufai to treat, or defective title, a jury to inquire of the value. Jurors may be challenged. Court of mayor and aldermen may examine fritneffes on oath, and dire& the jury to view. Jury to afieft the value on oath. The court to give final judgement. The owners of houfes, See. on payment of the money awarded, to convey. In cafe of refufai or inability to make a good title, &c. the purchafe money to be paid into the bank, Suc^ verdicts and proceedings to be entered, and deemed records. On payment of the money, &c. the premifes to veil in the city. In what dries and manner the court of aldermen may order the money fo paid into the bank to be placed at intereft. The dividends to be paid to the perfons in pofTeflJon: but recoverable agiinft them by tkofe intitled to the mefne profits. The bank to obey the orders of the court of aldermen, aod the city not to be accountable. In cates of femes-covert having a feparatt e It ate, the purchafe money to be paid to whom they dircd, in truft, to the former ules. The purchafe money paid for premiles bought of other truf-tees, to be re-invetted in other purchafe* upon the fame trufts. Bargains and Tales enrolled in purfuance of this a&, to have the operation of fines and recoveries. In wbat cafes perfons claiming intereft in any premifes fo fold, (hall be barred therefrom. Perfon fo barred may recover the purchafe money againlt the perfons to whom paid, together with intereft. Yearly tenants to furrender pofleffion, on tender of fix months rent, or twelve irjonth* notipe. Mortgagees to accept their money on fix months notice, or tender of fix months intereft. On payment of lucb money into the bank, the mortgagees eftate to veil in the city. All the monies afore-fatd to be paid to the parties, or into the bank, before the city (hall proceed topull down any houfes, &c. Court of aldermen iropowered to fet fines on the fljeriffs or officers, jurors or witnefles making default. For (editing tne payment of tithes, charged on buildings to be taken down. Com* ipon council may difpofe of wnat (hall be more than is necepary far the purpofes of this aft* and may delegate their powers to a committee. What perfons excluded from fuch committee. When the paffage is enlarged, the ground to be under the care of the commiflioner* for paving the city. Powers to be void, if not executed within ten years. Writing* to be without damps. Di It refs not to be ri**<ned unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff* (hall not recover after tender of fufficient amends. Older of juftice. See. not liable to be qualhed for want of form; nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of aftions General flTue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP.

Digitized by

1783*] Anno ▼icelimo terdo Georoii III. C. 47,-49;	277

CAP. XLVII.

An ad for altering and varying the powers of an ad, pafled in the fiith year of the reign of King George the Firft, for making the river Douglas alias Afland navigable, from the river Kibble to Wigan, id county palatine of Lancafter; and for enabling the company of pro* prietora of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an ad

Jtailed in the tenth year of his preient Majefty’s reign, to pur-chafe the iud river navigation! for amending the faid laft mentioned adj for in* co« porating ami consolidating the hud two navigations and for other pnrpofts.

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad for improving the navigation of the river Trent, from a place called Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicefter, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln! and for im* powering perfons navigating veffels thereon to hale the fame with krftt, *

CAP. XLIX.

An 68 far repealing an aft made in the twenty fecond year ef bit prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad for charging a (lamp-duty upon inland bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other notes, payable otherwife than upon demand; and for granting new ftamp duties on bills of exchange, promiffory and ether notes j and atfo Jiamp~duties on receipts.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an a8y made in the laft fejfton of parliament , intituled, An ad for charging a (lamp-duty Recital of upon inland bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other as Geo. notes, payable otherwife than upon demand, it was enatfed^ c. 33% That, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one tboufand f"even hundred and eighty-two there Jbould be raijedy levied, collefledy and poddy throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufelf his Majeftyy his heirs and JucceJforSy for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, payable otherwife than upon demand, Jbould be ingroffedy written, or printed, where the fum exprejjed therein, or made payable thereby, Jbould not amount to the fum offifty pounds, a jiamp-duty of three-pence; and for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jheet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promiffory note, on other note, payable other-wife than upon demand, Jbould be ingroffedy written% or printed, where the fum expreffed therein, or made payable thereby, Jbould omount to the fum of fifty poundSy or upwards, a Jiamp-duty of fix-fence : now we% your Majeftfs moft dutiful and loyal J'ubjiflSy the Purpofe of commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembledy finding that it this ad.

, will

a?8	Anno	vicedtno	tertio Geokoii III. c. 49. [178$:

willbe convenient,	and for publick to repeal	the fold

Jlamp-duties, fo made paypble by the fend recited ad, and to grant unto your Majefty the	feveral mention-

as well for fecuring a certain fund for payment offitch annuities as by the faid recited ad were charged upon the	as

to enable your Majefly to raife a certain fum of money for of the year one thoufand [oven hundred and eigbty-tbree\ therefore do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be euaded ; and be it enaded by the king's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament atfembled, and by a™ the rU* aatkority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of cited aft re.	Auguft,one thoufand	(even hundred and eighty-three, the rates

pealed. and duties granted by an aft made and palled in the laft SdBeQ of parliament, intituled. An ad for charging a J1 amp-duty on inland hills of exchange, promjfory , or other	payable Other-

Wife than upon demand, At all ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid and payable.

New duties to	II. And be it further enabled. That, from and after the faid

commence on firft day of	Augu/1, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three,

Aug. 1. «7Sj. (1,^ (hall be railed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout nz*	the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Mt?

jefty, hu heirs and foccefibrs, the feveral rates and duties following: that is to fay,

Bills of exchange, pro-miflory or other notes, drafts or orders, under jol. to pay a

lamp-duty of 6a.

If 50I. or upwards, to pay is.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro* miflory note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, where the fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (hall not amount to the fum of fifty pounds there (hall be dunged a -damp-duty of fixpence:

For every pioce of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro-tniflbry note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, where the fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (hall amount to the fum of fifty pounds, or upwards, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of one fhriling.

From Sept. t. III. And be it enafted, That, from and after the firft day of j7Sj. the fol- September, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-three, there dutiwffhairSe ^1 ^ ra'^e<*» *ev'cc*» collefted, and paid, throughout the pud; vis. kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, *	his heirs and fucceflbrs, the feveral rates and duties following;

that is to fay.

Receipts for For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of *1. and under paper, upon which any receipt, or other difeharge given upon aol. to pay the payment of money, amounting to" two pounds, and not »d. each, amounting to the fum of twenty pounds, (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, there (hall be chained a'damp-duty of two* pence:	a

For

Digitized by L,ooQle

1783,] Anno vicefimo tertio Georcii III. c. 49.	279

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of For sol. and paper, upon which any receipt, or other difcharge given upon upwards the payment of money, amounting to the fum of twenty €aciK pounds, and upwards, (hail be ingroffed, written, or printed, there (hall be charged a damp-duty of four-pence.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to charge any draft or order, for the payment of money on demand, upon any banker, or perion or perfons afting as a banker, redding, or tranfafting the bulinds of a banker,, within ten miles of the place of abode of the perion or perfons drawing fuch draft or order; or to charge any receipt for any money paid into the bank of England^ or the houfc of any banker; or any receipt, or other difcharge, given for any money received on any dividend, payable from the pubJick or government funds eftablifhed by parliament; or any receipt given on the back of any bill of exchange, proonffory or other note, (lamped in purfuance of this aft; or upon any bank note, or bank pod bill 5 or to any letter acknowledging the fafe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances; or any receipt in*-dorfed on, or contained in tbe body ot any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory inftrument, already direfted to be damped by any law now in being; or to any releafe or acquit* tance by deed; or to any receipt given by the treafurer of the navy for any money impreded to, or received by him, for the Service of the navy; or to tbe receipt of any agent for money impreded by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance; or to any receipt given by any officer, Seaman, or ihktier, or their reprefentative, for or on account of an>* wages, pay, or penfion, due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance; or to any receipt given upon any navy, victualling, or ordnance bill, iflued, or to be iflued, before the faid firft day of Stpttmber> one thoufand feveo hundred and eighty-three.

V.	Provided always, and be k further enafted. That nothing in tjats aft contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge any bill of exchange, promiflbry or other note, draft, or order, payable upon demand, iflued in that part of Gnat Britain Galled Scotland, where the fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (ball not exceed the fum of twenty-one (hill*

Exemptions of drafts aad orders, for payment of money on demand, upon -bankers living within 10 miles ot the drawer, kc.

Exemption of receipts given by teamen or (oldiers for wages or pen-fions due Iron the navy, army, kc.

Not to extend to bilk of ex* change. Sec, in Scotland, not exceeding ns.	T

VJ. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing Bills of ex-in this aft contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to change, procharge any bill of exchange, promiflbry note, or other note, draft, or order, payable upon demand, with any higher ftamp- p^ble <** duty than the fum of three pence, where the fum exprefled demand, to ' therein, or made payable thereby, (hall not amount to the fum pay only jd.j of ten pounds.

VII.	Provided alfov and be itr enaftedr That ,nothing, in >this Not to extend aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued. to extend, to any to receipts on receipt given upon the back of any foreign bill of exchange. foreign bills

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be k enafted, That no foreign bill of exchange.

•	of

28o

No foreign bill, &c. chargeable with more than 6d. each copy.

Exemption of notes, fee. iflbed by the bank, in con* ^deration of ia,ooo I* per.

Perfbns fraudulently evad-? - the du-

5£u

mb

Co forfeit sol.

Receipts in fill! to pay 4d.

Duty on bills of exchange, &c. to be paid by the drawer or giver.

Duty on receipts to be paid by the perfons rewriting them,

Anno vlcefimo tertio Gfco&Gil III. C.49.	£178

of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be charged with any higher ftamp-duty than fixpence; but that every duplicate and triplicate or fUch foreign bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be chargeable with the like ftamp-duty of fixpence;

lx. And whereas it may he proper to exempt all promiffory and other notes and bills, iffued by the governor and company of tbe bank of England, from the payment of the ftamp-iuties impofed by this a& upon promijjory and other notes, in confides ationy ana upon payment of a certain fum of money in lieu thereof: be it therefore enaded. That all protniffory and other notes and bills, iffued by'the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be exempted from the ftamp-duties hereby impofed upon promiffory and other notes, upon payment of the annual fum of twelve thoufand pounds, by the faid governor and company, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, by half-yearly payments ; fuch payments to be made on or before the tenth day of 08eber% and the fifth day of Aprils in every year; any thing herein-be-fore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-ing.

X.	Andy in order to prevent, as far as may be% any evafion of the aforefaid duties on receipts, be it further enadted, That the whole fum for wjiich any receipt (hall be given, (hall be really and bona fide inferted in fuch receipt; and that all and every perfon and perfons who (hall give or accept any receipt or acquitance, m which a lefs fum (hall be expreffed therein than the fum actually received, with an intent fraudulently to evade the faid duties, or either of them; or (hall feparate or divide the fum actually paid or received into divers receipts, with intent to evade the faid duties, or either of them; or (hall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent contrivance or device what-foever, with intent or defign to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, or either of them, im-pofed upon receipts by this ; every fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as here-in-after is dire&ed.

XI.	And be it further enafied. That all receipts in which the fum mentioned therein (hall be expreffed to be in full, or as a b-tisfa&ion of all demands, and all general acknowledgements of debts or demands being difeharged, (hall be deemed and taken to be receipts for above the fum of twenty pounds, within the intent and meaning of this ad, and (hall be liable to the ftamp-duty of four-pence hereby impofed.

XII.	Andy for afeertaining by whom tbe faidflamp-duties herein-before granted /ball be payable, be it further ena&ed. That the duty hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons giving the fame; and the duty hereby granted on anyteceipt^ (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom the fame*(hall be required; except fuch receipts as (hall be for money paid to any perfon or perfons in refpedl of any falary, penfion, debt, or other fum

P*y*bie

Digitized by VjiOOQ 1C

1783.] Anho vicefimo tertio GeoRGH III. c.49.	2S1

payable from his Majefty to fuch perfon or perfons, in which cafe the duty on fuch receipt fhall be paid by the perfon or per-fons giving the fame.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, for the better and Management more effeClually levying and collecting the faid duties herein-°^e before granted, the fame (hall be under the care and manage- [hedireafon ment o? the commiflioners for the time being appointed to ma- 0f the com-nage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and mi (Turners of paper ; for which purpofe they, or the major part of them, are

hereby required and impowered to employ the neceflary officers under them,, and to ufe and provide fuch (lamps for the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this a<5l into execution with relation to the faid duties, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, arc authorized to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIV.	And, for the better fecuring the faid Jiamp-duties hereby impofed, be it further enabled, That all vellum, parchment, and All vellum, paper, upon which any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, paper* &c. to or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other difeharge, given

for the payment of money, (hall be ingrofled or written, (hall, promiflbry before the fame (hall be ingrofled or written, be brought to the note, See. (hail head office for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, be written and paper; and the faid commiflioners, by themfelves or their thereon, officers, (hall, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this a<5l	.

directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of the (aid duties: and if any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other difeharge given for the payment of money, fo hereby directed to be (tamped, (hall not be marked or (lamped as by this aCt is direCled, or (hall'be marked or (lamped for a lower duty than as aforefaid, no fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, or other difeharge, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity. '	Undamped

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all receipts un-un(lamped receipts, in which any fum of money,' not amount- der a I. may irtg to two pounds, (hall be expreffed, and which (hall (by the he given in insertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or otherwife) be ^ota^ac- Ut given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands knowledgebeing difeharged, may be plended or given in evidence, and mentsofall may be available in law for fuch fum fo exprefled, but not as demands be* ' a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands being dif- ^ 1 c arg-

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadlcd, That all re- ^n^on^re-ceipts, imprefled with a (lamp of two-pence, in which any fum ceipts for *1.' of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to and under*©!, the fum of twenty pounds, (hall be exprefled, and which (hall

(by tho infertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or other- tiepin* wife) be given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or de- expretw Vol. XXXIV.	U	mandsthat.u.

*82

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii 11L c* 49. . [17*5.

mands being difeharged, may be pleaded or given in evidence, and may be available in law for fuch fum fo expreffed, but not as a general acknowledgement of all debt* or demands being difeharged.

XVn. And whereas a great number of fiamps* for the.value if three-pence* may* under the faid recited afl of the loft fejjun if par-liament* have been already provided and imprejfed upon /beets or pieces of taper, intended for bills of exchange* promijfory and other notes* which faia bills of exchange* and notes* may have been printed from copper plates provided for that purpofe: and whereas it might be a very great inconvenience and lofs to merchants* tradefmen* and others* to have fuch Jlamps cancelled, and to provide others of the denomination required by this att\ be it therefore further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commil&oners of his Majefty’s (Vunp-duties, where bills of exchange, or promiflbry or other notes, (hall by this alt require a (tamp of fixpcnce only, to mark an additional (tamp of threepence to the (tamp added thereto. cf three-pence already imprefied on the feme, under the (aid recited ad of the la(t feflion of parliament; and fuch bill of ex-,	change,	promiflbry and other note, fo (tamped with the two

feveral (tamps of three-pence and three-pence, (hall be confi-dered as good and valid as if the fame had been (lamped or marked with one ltamp of fixpence, as herein-before direded, and (hall have the lame force and eifed in law or equity, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith* (landing.

XVIII. And be it further enaded, That the fame allowance (hall be made on prelent payment of the feveral duties granted by this ad, only in fuch manner as by any former law relating to (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is direded and allowed.

XIX* And be it further enaded, That fuch (lamps as the

Bills* Scc.

.marked already with a threepenny ftamp, (hall have another

Vflial allow, ante on prompt payment of du» ties.

Stamps may

be altered and faid commillioners are hereby direded and authorized to pro-

rtnetttfd	-	*■	-	•	....

Any perfon

vide and ufe, (hall and may be altered and renewed in fuch manner as any other ltamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to (tamped vellum, parchment, or paper, direded to be altered and renewed.

XX. And be it further enaded. That if any peffon (hall

ChUfttCrfe*tin* counterfc‘* or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, oMittering any ^afnP or mark direded or allowed to be ufed by this a& fuch counter- for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this ad granted, witf

feirs, (hall an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, 0 fuffcf death as any 0f the faid duties* or (hall fraudulently ufe any (lamp a a sion. mark direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent ft defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, of any of die fax duties * or (hall utter, vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any, veBurn parchment, or paper, liable to the faid duties, with any cow terfeit mark or impreftion thereupon, knowing the fame to fc counterfeit* then every fuch perfon fo offending, and bar thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and ftp fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of deqgy.

Digitized by L )Qle

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georoii III. c. 49.	483

XXI.	And be it further enafted, Thit all powers, provi- Duties torts, articles, claufes^ diftributions of penalties and forfeitures, Jo levied and all other matters and things preferibed or appointed by any &c as th0fe former aft or afts of parliament, relating to the damp-duties under former oh vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be of full force and ftamp-afts. iffeft with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be

applied and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, colleft-ing, and fecuring the faid new duties hereby impofed, accord-mg to the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the" fame had feve-rally and refpeftively been hereby enafted with relation to the faid new duties hereby impofed.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all pecuniary penal- Application ties hereby impofed (hall go and be paid, the one moiety thereof °f penalties, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety

thereof, with full cofts of fult, to the perfon or perfons whp thall inform and fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wtjlminjhr, for offences committed in England, lVales% or Berwuk upon Tweed, and in his M^jefty’s court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

(hall be allowed.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That the feverak rates Duties tobe and duties herein-before granted, (hall be paid, from time to paid torecei*. time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being

of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who P (hall ktep a feparate and diftinft account of the feveral duties impofed by this aft, and payTuch duties (the neceflary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduft-ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the ufes and purpofes in this aft mentioned, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on ftarmpfti vellum, parchment, and paper, are direfted to be paid.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That there (hall be pro- A feparate vided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt account tbere^ of exchequer, a book or books in whicli all the monies arifing ^yth^ auditor from the faid feveral duties impofed by this aft, and paid into 0f theexchs-thefaid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparate and apart quer.

from all other monies paid and payable to hi$ Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatsoever. ,

XX V. And whereas the rates and duties upon inland bilk of exchange y promijfory notes, or other notes, payable otherwife than upon delbandi wercy together with certain other duties, made a fund for torment if the. annuities ejlablifbed by on a51 made in the laji fejfson efpertiameiit, \intituledy An aft for raifing a certain fum of mo-fley by way of annuities, and for eftablifhing a lottery 5) and it b therefore hecejfary that part of the rates and duties by this a5t grmt/d flail be applied towards payment of the faid annuitiesy in IItu if tbi fad rates end duties; be it therefore enafted by the authority afcttftid, That, from and after the £rft day of Augufl, on*

^	*	Digitized by vjOOQ IvT

284

Application of the duties.

Perfons fued for executing this aft, may plead the general iiTue,

and '(hall be entitled to treble coils.

nOeo.j.c.Si

recited,

and repealed.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. f 17S3,

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly fum of fifty thoufand pounds, being the fum which the faid rates and duties were intended to raife, (hall be referved and fet apart, at the faid receipt of the exchequer; and that out of the monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and out of the duties granted by this aft, a proportional part of the fum of twelve thoufand five hundred pounds (hall, from the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, to the tenth day of Ofiober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and the fum of twelve thoufand five hundred pounds, from and after the faid tenth day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, (hall be fet apart and applied quarterly to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the refidue of the produce of the faid rates and duties, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhalf be a fund for the payment of the feveral and refpeftive annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are direfted to be paid and payable, purfuant to an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled. An oft for raifmg a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijhing a lottery.)

XXVI. And be it further enafted, Thar if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or pro-fecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-fuancc of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon and perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (lull have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.L,

An at] for the better regulation of the office of the paymajler general of hii Majejly’s forces, and the more regular payment of the army; a 7i d to repeal an atl made in the la ft feffion ofparliament, intituled* An aft for the better regulation of the ofiice of payuufter general of his Majefiy’s forces.	*

TT7 H E R E A S by an atl, pojfed in the twenty fecond year of , VV his Maje/ly's reign, intituled. An aft for the better regulation of the office of paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, Jeveral provifions were made relative to the payment and clearing of the army, which have been found inconvenient; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,' arid commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and‘by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft be, and the fatne is -hereby repealed. '	■	.	.	v	’-1

II. And whereas it appears, by the reports mbd)\ fy.fti

1	;	'•*	fionm

Digitized by Google

1783'] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c.50;	285

fioners appointed to examine, take, and Jiate the publick accounts of the kingdom, that the paymajiers of theforces have heretofore been aceujtomed to accumulate large funy of publick money in their hands beyond what was necejfury for carrying on the fervices in their departmentand to take and carry cut of office with them, upon their reftgndtion or removal, large balances of publick money, which they have retained and kept in their bands many years after being out of office: and whereas it is highly expedient imt a remedy Jhould be provided for thefe inconvenienciei: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, the pay- Dirediom to matter general of his Majefty’s forces for the time being, in all the paymafter memorials to be by him prefented to the treafury, for money	thii

for army fervices, (hall pray, that fuch fum as be requires may Ibet^eafiuy0 be iflued to the governor ancf company of the bank of England for money tor on his account, (pecifying in every fuch memorial the fum he army fer-requnts, arid for what particular fervice or fervices 5 and the yicc8* commiffiOners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, (hall dired the auditor of the exchequer to iffue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay matter general of his Majefty’s forces, naming fuch paymafter general for the time being, the fum for which fuch letter (hall be drawn upon the unfatisfied order at the exchequer, in favour of the faid paymafter general, tor which, the receipt of the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company (hall be a fufficient difcharge; and all fums Such monies for which fuch letters of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s to be iflued to treafury (hall be drawn, (hall be iflued to the governor and hank, and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have account ot C been heretofore iflued to the paymafter general of his Majefty’s the paymafter forces; and all fuch monies fo lo be iflued to the governor and general, company of the bank of England (hall be placed to an account to be raifed in the books of the governor and company of the (aid bank of England, and to be intituled. The Account of the Paymafter General of his Majefty’s Forces, inferting the name of fuch paymafter general for the time being.

HI. Ahd be it enaded, That no fees whatfoever (hall be paid Only cuftom-at the exchequer or treafury for or by reafon of the tranfedions ary fee* to bo aforefrid, beyond the amount of what hath been ufually paid Schweror upon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the Keafury. former coitom of tranfading bufinefs between the exchequer, r pay-office, and bank feverally.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the pafling of this ad, no money for the Money for

fervice of the army (hall be iflued from his Majefty’s exchequer frmy fervice*

to the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, or (hall be

placed, or direded to be placed, in his hands or pofleflion;

but the fame (hall be iflued, and direded to be paid, to the go- to the bank.

vemor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed

to the account above mentioned.

V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Paymafter, or (he paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces for the time being,

U 3

Digitized by

Google

by

»*$ • bank for all army fayices.

Bank not to ■pay ffi4 money, uiiiefs for army fer-viccs, and in purfuance of proper drafts.

4

Fay mailer, in his firlt memo'ial to the trtafury every month, fhall inilei t the balance of pub-)kk money sn the bank, on hip account, See.

€>n the death

or removal of a p.iy matter, the balance in the bank to veil in bit fucctlTor.

AnnQ viccGmo tertio G^GII III. C. 50. (17*3*

by himfelf, or his deputy* or the perfon qr pet fops in hi« oflfc duly authorized by the laid paym^te1* gcqeral, vooi ^ni aftet the paffing of this aii, (l^ali draw ugorufye governor aMcqfl^ pany of the bank of fyigfand* For alj^ aoijy f<;ryicq and (hall fpecify in each add every cjraft the, pfutiqulrt fifflfks for which the fame is drawn: and no draft, of uyj m* mailer, or his deputy, or the perlpij or, perfon* ^utjioa^cdas afordaid, (hall be deemed a fuflfcjen^ voucher to t^ie laid governor and company of the banfcoI England* V»nl<tls.th$ Specifies the fervice for which it, is drawn, and ha$ betq adlually paid by the laid governor and company of tin; bankjOf England.

VI. And be it further enafled by tlje authority afprdaid, That the monies fq t£ iltu^d to the goyernor, and of the bank of EngL^d* on j^ccouqt ,of t^e paymafter geuepl of his Majefty’s forces, Ihall not be paid out, of the bap*, un-lefs for the army fervices, aqd in purfuancp of drafts, or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the hau of England, and figned by.the payjnaller general of hisMycfl/t forces for the time being, or ijis deputy, or the perfon or per-fons authorized as aforefaid; in which drafts (hall be fp^ied the heads of fervice to which the funis therein qiendooedare to be applied; and which drafts, lo dra^n, Ihall be fuffipent authority to the bank to pay fuch money to the persons ipqa-tioned in fuch drafts, or to the bearer of them.

. VII. Andy that the commifioners of his Majtffs trptfurjIQ have a frequent knowledge of the balance of caff in the bpniseftbt governor and company of the bank of England* on aefopnt ofty foy- \ wafer general of his Mojefy's forces, in order to enable then judge of the propriety and neceffty offurther tjfuesy an# to prevent tit unmcejfary accumulation of publick money in the hands of the gevtm and company of the bank of England; be it.ena&edhy the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the palling of this ad, in the firft memorial prefented every month, or oftener if required, to 1 the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, by the paymafter general of his Majelly's forces for the time bemg, for a (ppply of money for the army fervices, fuch paymafer dial! infers in the body of fuch memorial, the futn total of the balance of publick money, on his account, in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of Englandy together with,an account of all the claims, outllanding drafts, and othftr d^gian^f, mkhi which fuch balance is chargeable, and is to be applied

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid That upon the death, refignation, or removal, of the prefen^ and of every other paytnaller of his Majefty’s forces hereaftef to be appointed, the balance of calh for which he Hull attbai time have credit, on his account as paymafter general, with tbf governor and company of the bank of Englandy (hall, as looo as a fucceflor Ihall be appointed to the faid office, adlually vdj in fuch fucceflor, in trull for the fervice of the army, and ^ forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to tjie accounf

tized^ v^»ooQle

ifAnno vicefimo tertio Georoii III. c. 50.	1By

of fach fuoceflbr paymaftcr general of his Majefty’s forces, to be applied to the laid fervice, in purfuance of the like drafts as aforefaid. And the paymaftcr general ofTiis Majefty’s forces Paymafter to for the time being (hail, and he is hereby directed and required, iflue his drafts to form his memorials and requifitjons to the treafury, and to ^^untoY ifbc his drafts as aforefaid, for all charges and deman4s, on army Cervices, account of the army Services, whiph are due and remain unfa- from April 10, tisfied from the tenth day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred <7**» and eighty-two, although the fame have accrued in the time* of any former paymaster general; and alfo within twelve months and, after a after the accounts, enabling die faid paymafter general to com- time fpecified, plefee the heron-after mentioned accounts, (hall be received, to ^imal ac^ makeup, or caufe to be made up, an annual account of the counts of the ordinary and extraordinary fervices of the army, intituled, Tie ordinary and Aarnni of tie Paymqfler General of bis, Majejty's Forces, to be extraoitfinary figned and attefted by every paymafter general, who (hall have to be pud or difcharged any part or the laid account; the firft ac- tranimitted to count to commence on the tefith day of April, one thoufand the auditor of ftvavfr hundred and eighty-two*, and to end the twenty-fourth theimpreft. day of December following; and every fucceeding account to begin on the twenty-fifth day of December, and to end oft the twenty-fourth day oi December following,, in the laft and every fiieceeding year, and to tranfmit the fame, together with proper touchers* to the auditor or auditors of the impreft, who (hall, and they are hereby directed and required, within fix months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or caufe to be examined, the fatd; annual accounts, and, if found fatisfadory, to prefent, or caufe tabeprefented, the fame to the proper officer or officers, for declaration; and when the fame is declared, a quietus of acquittance^ in the ufual form, (hall be made out to the find paymafter or paymafter* general, his or their heirs, executors, and adeniniftrators. *

IX.	And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the paffing of this a<3, the paymafter Paymafter to generalo^his Majefty’s forces for the time being (hall keep the keep an ac-account with the bank of all monies iflued to or directed' to be	th*

paid to him for the fervice of the army: and the faid paymafter *****	*

general, obferving the rules and regulations hereby prefcribed,

Stall not be anfwerable for any money which he (hall not a&oftUy receive 5 and the governor and company of the bank of England (hall be anfwerable for all the monies which (hall be adtaally received by them for the fervice of the army.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfbn or perfons (hall, from and after thepaffing Any oerfai of this ad, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufe who »*U or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wil- of\be folly ad or affift in the forging or counterfeiting, the name or ^^after^c. hand of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces for the to obtain time being, or of his deputy, to any draft, cheque paper, in- ®oney,from ftrument, or writing whatfoever, for or in order to the rccehr-	„

fog or obtaining *ny of the money in the hands or cqftody of ™ ki0J1#

U 4	the

^ gitized t Google

288	Anno	vicefimo	tcrtio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783*

the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces ; or ihall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or aflift in tiro forging or. counterfeiting, any draft, cheque paper, inftrument, or writ-* ing, in form of a draft made by fuch paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, or his deputy; or (hall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever; every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (being thereof lawfully convided) (hall be, and is and are hereby declared at>d adjudged to be,,guilty of felony, and (hall fuflfer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Books of ac-	Xf. And be it enaded. That all books of accounts what-

count in the foever kept in the office of paymafter general, (hall be held to office^be belong to the faid office, and (hall not be at the difpo&l of the held to belong paymafter general, to take and difpofe of the fame as his pri-. 10 the fame, vate and proper books of account: provided that nothing herein . ihall extend to prevent any perfon or perfons who hath or have exercifed the office of paymafter general, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, by himfelf or themfelves, or by any perfon or perfons authorized by him or them, from taking copies or extrads thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer (hall be made out for every feveral paymafter, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators.

XII.	And whereas it appears, front the reports of the emmif-ftoners for examining, takings and fating*, the publick accounts of the kingdom, that the falaries, fees, and gratuities, received by feveral of the officers, clerks, and fervants, employed in the office of pay-majlcx general of his Majefly's forces, have, of late years, amounted to fums beyond a reafonable and adequate compilation for their re-1	fpeftlve fervices; be it therefore enaded by the authority afore-

FromDec. 15, faid, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December 1783, no ftes next, no fee, perquifite, emolument, or reward whatfoever ue^'vrhaft111 Cotber than and except the falaries and allowances herein-after rr’s office3for mentioned) (hall be taken in the faid office for any buGnefs, bufineis <toiie matter, or thing, to be done therein 5 and in lieu thereof, the therein} officers, clerks, and fervants, in the faid office, (hall receive annual falaries, payable quarterly, without dedudion, together with fuch further augmentations (the faid augmentations to be made no oftener than once in the year) as the increafc of bufi-nefs in the faid office from time to time (hall require; the faid falaries and augmentations to be regulated by the paymafter M :	general, by and with the concurrence of the lords commi(Goners

j	of the trealury, and Iris Majefty’s approbation had. thereon, and

not otherwife; and a lift of the faid officers, clerks, and fervants, together with an account of the falaries paid, and aug* mentations made to them from time to time, (hall be entered in a book, intituled. The Salary Bock,'and depoftted in the office of the (aid paymafter general, and copies thereof lodged in the peafury and bank of England; and if .any pejrfqn belonging to,

or

Digitized by

Google

1783*] Ajino vlcefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. *	289

or who (hill hereafter belong to, the laid office, (hall take or on penalty accept any fee, perquifite, emolument, or reward, (other than and except the falaries and allowances above-mentioned) he SpacUatfd** lhall be difmiffed from his office or employment, and be ren- for three dered incapable of ferving his Majefty in any employment what- years, ever for the fpace of three years. /

XIII.	And be it enafied by the authority aforefaid. That Fees paid, and all fees paid at the office of the paymafter general, (ince the to be paid, tenth day of Oftoberr one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- *r°m two, and which (hall be paid at the faid office on or before the ^,**783, how twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufancf feven hundred ^nd to bedifpoied eighty-three, (hall be depofited in the hands of the cafhier of of. the faid office, or others authorized by the faid paymafter general, in order to form a fund, from which a reafonable au|-mentation to the falaries and appointments of the feveral officers, clerks, and fervants, (hall be made, for their fervices daring the aforefaid period; the faid augmentation to be regulated by the faid paymafter general, by and with the concurrence of the commiffioners of the treafury, and his Majefty’s approbation obtained thereon, and not "otherwife; and the remainder (hall be paid to the treafurer or vice treafurer of Chelfea hofpital, to be applied to the fund for an augmentation to the halt-pay of officers, and others provided for by this aeft.

XIV-. And whereas the agents of the Jeveral regiments, troops % and companies, of his Majefty*s army, have been accuftomed to flop two days pay out of the arrears or clearings due to every commiffioned officer, avowedly for the purpofe of difeharging fees of office; and whereas fuch ftoppage not feeming to be warranted either from undet the King's fign manual, or from any other authority whatfoever \ be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the From Dec. 15, twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and 17*3* ag«nts eighty-three, no fuch ftoppage as aforefaid (hall be made; and nott° makc if any agent (hall, after,the faid twenty-fifth day of December, f"r dift^rS* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, prefume to flop ing fees of the faid two days pay as heretofore, or any part thereof, fuch office, agent fo offending (hall be difmiffed from his agency, and be rendered irtcapaBleof ferving his Majefty in that capacity for the fpace of three years.

XV.	And whereas a confederate annual fum of money is or may be favedfrom the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and independent companies, a large part of which faving is cr may be rendered permanent; be it hereby ena<5ted, That all fums faved from the Savings in the faid allowance, or brought in account in confequence of any clothing of favings to be made in the adminiftration of Chelfea hofpitaU (hall ^n^es C&c*~ be paid to the treafurer or vice treafurer of the (aid hofpital, to- how^tob/ap-wards.a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers plied, who have been or (hall be maimed or grievoufly wounded in his Majcfty’s land fervice, or as an augmentation to the pen-fions of widows, or as penfions to the children of fuch officers as have been killed in the faid land fervice, as his Majefty (hall direct and appoint; provided that no addition to half-pay, in

confequence

Digitized by Google



Anna viccfim© tertio Gborgji III. c. 50. [1783.

consequents of maims of wounds, or pea (ions to widows wfcofe hulbands have, or (hall have; been killed in bis kfrjffty’a for* vice, (ball exceed Jwenty-five pounds a year; nor (haU the allowance to a Single child of an officer killed exceed twenty pounds, a year, nor be continued longer (if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be provided for ict'hia Ma-jeftv’s feryice; or, if more children are left, the (hate of each child (hall not exceed twelve pounds a year, to be continued 10 the males as aforefaid, and no otherwise*

Not to deprive XVI. provided always, and be it enacted by the fitttbofity tb« Mymafter aforefaid, That nothing in this. a# contained (ball be COnArued ot iwe tifual to. deprive the paymafter general of the ufusl allowances for MnSddfCu»dr fowfclf, W for contingencies, nor to Levant him from admi-forcontingen- niftering or applying, the hud contingencies according to the cies.	ufual courfe of office.

Mot to take XVII. Provided always, and be it ona&cd, That nothing away the herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to P°Werftf tbf la^c away? dmfinilh, or alter, the power of the paymafter ge-wmovln^of- n?ra? of his Majefty’s forces, to appoint^ remove, or change, at ficers employ- his pleafure, all or any of the officers, and; clerks employed in io hit of- his faid office ; or, with the confept and approbation of the fice. See. commiflionerS;Of the treafury,, or any three of them, fignUiod in writing, to increafe die number of fiich clerks, in cafe the circumftaocea of the buGnefs of the foid office ffiould render fiich an incrcafq neoeflary; which laid additions) officers, and clerks (hall, upon their relpe&ive appointments, become in-titled to the like faiaries as are hereinbefore directed to be paid to Vhe officers and clerks in a fimilar rank and ftation in the faid office, aind (hall be fubjcdlto all the rules, regulations,, pro-vifions, pains, and penalties, to which the officers and clerks now exiting in the (aid office are mads by this aiSb

XVIII.	And whereat it appears, by the report made by the cm* mitjioners appointed to examine* take, aftd Jlafe, the puhlick accounts of the kingdom, that making the payment of the army more fmplet expeditious 1 and intelligible* would be of great puhlick utility: and whereas it is proper that regulations jhould be made for that purpofe\

All eftimates, be it enabled. That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, debentures, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, all eftimates, dc-See. to be made bentures> clearing warrants, and all warrants and accounts* of from Dec? 25. whatsoever nature they may be, belonging to the army, whether for the fpacq of one or more years, (any part or parts of a year, as the fervice may require, exceptca,) (hall be made out from the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year $ any other ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And whereas the dividing the ejiablijbments under their ft*

Secretary at	vera^ °fft™"* wwld greatly facilitate the aforefaid purpofts \

war to form	be it enafled, That the fecretary at war (hall, and he is hereby

eftimates of	directed and required to form, or caufe to be formed, eftimates

the feveral	for the feveral annual fcrvices of which the eftablifhments of

vices tinder	f^e army con^ > that is to fay, an eftimate of the charge of the

diftina heads, penfions to be paid to the widows of commiffioned officers; an

eftimsfte

Digitized by Google

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii 111. c. 50.	^

cftio^atc qf the charge of the clothing of the uoti-commUBoti^d officers and private then of his Majefty's regular forces; *n cftU nwtjp o£the charge pf agency, charged m,thc clearing of the fenexal corps, and of the allowances made to the agent of fa fpbfi^epce of non*effedive men, called Warrant Men\ an efti-^te of the charge of the in and out pensioners of Chelfea bofpir tsL aqd of the expences of the fafd hofpital; an eftimate ot the atffosU pay of the coqnmiflioned officers, and non-commiflioned oncers, and private men, of his Majefty’s farces, on the feveral efcbUfhn^ents; an eftimate of the charge of the allowances made to captains, paymafters, furgeons, and tor the ufe of riding matters, rough riders, and expepces incident to the fame; an eftimate of the charge of the allowance to the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces, the fccretary at war, the committary general of the mutter*, the judge advocate, their deputies, clerks, and the contingent expence* of their refpec-tive offices, exchequer fees, and all other fervices now paid oitf of the dedudion of twelve-pence in the pound, and one day's pay, and not otherwife provided for by this ad: and the faid Copies where* fccretary at war (hall, and he is hereby directed and requir^ tQ of to be traef-tranfmit copies of the faid eftima^es, fo foon as the fame have odttedtothe been agreed to by the houfe of commons, to the office of thp paym paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces.

XX.	And be it enaded, That, from the twpnty-fifth day of P*ym*4tatto Duembjr, one thoyfand fever* hundred and eighty-three, the for°} ***-paymafier general of his Majetty’s land forces mall, and fa is

hereby direded and required to form his memorials and, requi- forinp^es apr Ctions to the treafury, and to iflue his drafts upon the governor propriated for and company of the bank of England, upon, the twenty.-fqyrt& doling, <» day of June, and twenty-fourth day of Deamber> m every year, in equal payments, to fuch perfop or perfons as have V regular nually/ alignment from the feveral cqlqneJs, lieutenant colonelscommandant, majors and captains conpn^n4ant, and captains, for the monies appropriated for the clothing of the nori-commif»

Honed officers and private men of his Majefty’s. regular forces.

XXI.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad dull CXr Not to titer tend, or be conftrued to extend, to the making any alteration the privileges, in the privileges, profits, or emoluments* which the laid coIo-

nets, lieutenant colonels commandant, major*, and captains iicUt. col.^c. commandant, and captains, now derive, either from the cloth- relative to ing, or the non-effiedive. men, called; Ifarrflfit Mtnf or Haul- clothing, or bots, of their refpedive regiments, troops, and companies; but non**fl«ctive the faid colonels, lieutenant colonels, commandant, majors ^cn‘ and captains commandant, and,captains, (hall continue io enjoy and receive the fame privilege*, profits, and emoluments, as they would otherwife enjoy and receive from the nett offreckonings, and from the nan-effedive men, called Warrant Men, or Hautbois* of their rpfpedive, regiments and corps, had this ad not been made*

XXII.	And, far the better prevention, of the iffuing frap the ep~

(bejuer ayy more monies tban./kali be neceffary for tbc pufpofet rer

cited

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo tcrtio Georg 11IIL c. 50. [*783.

Secretary at cited in this afi; be it enacted, That, from and after the palling -rtatraaf. Gf th;s 3^ the fccretary at war (hall, and he is hereby direded paymafter’s an<^ required, from time to time, to tranfmit to the office erf the office an ac- paymafter genera! of his Majefty’s Jand forces, an account of count of the the effective commiflioned and non-com miflioned officers and effective offi- private men of his Majefty’s regular forces, and embodied mi-vaW8*rcgulars ^tia> ^erv^ng *n Great Britain, diftinguifhing each corps fcve-and embodied rally5 and the faid pajjnafter general fhall, and he is hereby militia, in directed and required, to form his memorials and requihtions. Great Britain. ancj t0 j{fuc his drafts, as aforefaid, for the fubfiftence of the faid effective commiflioned and non-com miflioned officers and

Not to extend to alignments, debentures, &c. prior to Dec. »5» »7*3-

Paymafter rtftiy iffiie certain allowances to agents monthly.

Allowances to colonels of fubfiftence of non-effective men, to be added to their pay.

Secretary at war to form an eftimate of monies ne-ctflary for recruiting each regiment, &c. and fo trauf-mu it to the paymatter’s office.

private men, according to the faid accounts, and for no other fervice under the faid title or description.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That nothing in this a<ft fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any aflign-ments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts of the army, for periods prior to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; but all fuch alignments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts, (hall oe prepared and made up in the fame manner as they would have been, had this a<ft not been made.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That this adfc (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the pay* mafter general of his Majefty’s forces from ifluing; to the agents of the refpedtive regiments, troops, and companies, in monthly payments, the allowances given to the agents, in lieu of the fubfiftence of the non-effe&ive men, called Warrant Men, formerly paid to them.

XXV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the allowances heretofore made to the colonel or commandant, known by the name of allowances to the colonel of the fubfiftence of non-effeftwe meny called Warrant Men and Hautbois, fhall be added to the pay of the faid colonels and commandants; and the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces fhall, and he is hereby diredted and required to iffue the fame, in monthly payments, at the time the fubfiftence of the army is iffued.

XXVI. And whereas the method offetting apart the fubfiftence of the non-effective meny as a fund for the recruiting and other contingent fervidly tends to obfeurity and confufion in accounts; be it enadted, That, from and after the pafling of this adt, the fecre-tary at war fhall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or caufe to be formed, from time to time, an eftimate of the monies which may be neceflary for recruiting each regiment, troop, or company, of his Majefty’s forces, and to tranfmit the faid eftimate to the office of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces; who fhall, and he is hereby diredted and required to form his memorials and requifitions, and to iffue his drafts, as aforefaid, for the fame, at the times, and in the proportions, which the faid fecretary at war fhall di-red!; and to charge the fame to the account of each regiment,

troop,

Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

1783.], Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.	293

troop, and company, for whofe ufe the faid monies have been-iflued.

XXVII.	And whereas it is necejjary that accounts of the recruiting fervice Jhould be regularly tranfmitted \ be it enadted, That Recruiting every officer employed \n the recruiting any regiment, troop, officer*, every or company, of his Majefty’s forces, (hall, and he is hereby

directed and required, every two months, to make up and toabftraft0f tranfmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if the numbers refident in Great Britain, (who in this cafe lhall, and he is here- recruited, &c. by directed and required to certify the fame,) to the adjutantt0 lheea^uJ general of his Majefiy’s forces, an abftradl of the numbers re- ^	9

cruited during the two preceding months, and alfo to tranfmit agent, a copy of the faid abftradl, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the faid fervice during the two preceding months, to the agent of the corps for which fuch officer is recruiting refpeftively; and on failure Penalty on herein, the officer, through whcfe negledt fuch abftradt and neglctt. account, or a copy thereof, (hall not have been tranfmitted to the adjutant general, or to the agent of the corps refpe&ively,

(hall be liable to be tried for fuch negledl by a general court-martial, and, if convifted, (hall be cafhiered, or (hall fuffer fuch other punifhment as by fuch court-martial (hall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which fuch negleft (hall be committed, (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who (hall report the fame to the commander in chief, or to the fecretary at war, in order that the officer fo ftegle&ing may be brought to trial for the fame.

XXVIII.	And whereas his Majcjly has been gracioujly pleajed to direct a part of the poundage deduced from bis forces to be returned;

be it ena&ed. That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Directions to

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the fecretary at the fecretary

war (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to form,

caufe to be formed, on the* twenty-fourth day of June, and [n^ poundage

twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an account for deduced.

the preceding fix months, of the monies neceflary to be iflued

for defraying the expence of repaying fuch parts of the poundage

deduced from the pay of the forces as are now returned to the

effective men of his Majefty’s foot forces, or which his Majefty

(hall, by warrant under his royal fign manual, hereafter diredt

to be repaid ; and to tranfmit the fame to the office of the pay-

mafter general of his Majefty’s land forces, who (hall, and is

hereby direfled and required, within fourteen days from the

receipt thereof, to form his memorials and requifitions, and to

iflue his drafts, as aforefaid, for the fame, upon the faid twenty-

fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, and to

charge them to the account of efcch corps, as aforefaid.

XXIX.	And whereas it is expedient to hep the fervices which are

now provided for out of the fubfjlence ijfued for the non-effective Secretary at men, or the contingencies, more dijlinfi; be it enabled, That ^ fecretary at war (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to tjmates herein '	O'	forrrl,	rr.enfioned;

Digitized by v^»ooQle

and to tranf-mit them to the pay-office.

Certain annua! allow, adces to be made to captains of foot, Sic.

Anho vietfimo tertio GeoRCii III. c. 50. [17S3.

form, or caufe to be formed, from time to time, an eftiroite d? the monies neceflary to be tfTued on account of * the extra price of bread, when his Majefty’s troops are in barracks; alfo ah eftimate, from tinie to time, of the monies neceflary to be ifliied fot* defraying the expences of marches; alfo on or before the firft day of November iri every year, an eftimate of the mo-w nies neceflary to be iflued For ni$ Majefty’s horfe and drigoon forces, ufually called Grafs Money; and alfo, on the twenty-fourth day of Juhe\ and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an eftimate of the monies neceflary to be iflued for the expences of deferters, fubfiftence of difcharged men, fees 4f offices, hofpital expences, carriage and expenses of new arms, travelling expences of officers and horfes before they join the regiment; together with all lefler contingencies, now ufuafty paid, or which his Majefty fhall, by any future regulations, under his royal figh manual, dirndl to be allowed to and for the ufe of each regiment, troop, and company, of his forces; ana to tranfmit the fame to the office of paymafter general of hie 1 Ntajefty’s land forces, who (hall, and he is hereby dire£ted and required to form his memorials and requifttions, and to iAue his drafts as aforefaid, for the feveral monies contained in the faid eftimates, at fuch times, and in fuch proportions, as the (Secretary at war (hall direct, or are otherwife provided for by this aft, and to charge the fame to the account of each corps; as aforefaid.

XXX.	And whereas it has been the praflice to apply part of tbe non -effective fubfejlente to the ufe of captains of troops and companies of his MajeJIfs regular land forces: and whereas tbe faid allowance is fubjlantially equitable; but it will be more convenient to make a fpecifick allowance in lieu thereof; be it enafted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowance (hall be made to each of the captains of companies of foot, during their continuance in fer-vice, according to thecftabliftiment of their fefpeftive companies; that is to fay, when the companies' are at the eftabltfh-ment of feyenty fix men or upwards, the aforefaid annual allowance (hall be fifty-fix pounds ten (hillings ; when the companies are reduced in their eftablifhment under feventy-fix, and above fifty men, the aforefaid annual allowance (hall be

are

forty-feven pounds feven (hillings and fixpence; and when tbe companies are reduced in their eftabli(hment to fifty men or under, the aforefaid allowance (hall be thirty-eight pounds five (hillings; fcnd alfo the annual allowance of thirty pounds ndw made to the captains of troops of horfe and dragoons, (hall continue to be made; for which faid allowances the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces ihalL, an^l he is hereby di-refted and required to form his memorials and requifitions, and to ifliie his drafts as aforefaid, on the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of Dctember% in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the fame to the account of the Jeveraf regiments, troops, and companies, to which the laid captains belong.'

~	'	xxxr.	j*i

Google

Digitized by *

1783-] Anno vicefimo teftio GeoRgU III. fc. $0.	293

XXXI.	And whereas the captains of thi regiment and independent' companies of invalids, have been accuftomed to receive the Jubftjlence of certain non-effective men called Contingent Men, as an indemnification for the repairs of arms, burials, and Ioffes by men dying in tbeir debt, and have olfo been allowed the pay of the non-effective nan in tbeir fold fevetal companies: and whereas the regiment and independant companies of invalids have been confidered as an honourable retirement for officers of long fetvtce, and it is proper to make a fuitable and more equal provifion for that branch of the fervice; be it enadted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Annual alone thoufand ^feven hundred and eighty-three, an annual al lowancet to Iowa nee of one hundred pounds (hall be made to each of theb* made to captain* of the regiment and independant companies of inva- Jhewg^ent lids, when the eftablHhment of their refpe&ive companies (hall andindepend-acnount to feventy private men, or upwards; and ah annual ant companies allowance of eighty pounds wheh the eftablilhment is under the*f invalid** faid number of private men; for which faid allowances the pay* mafter general of bis Majefty’s land forces (hall, and he ts hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifitiohs, and to iffue his drafts as aforefaid* on the twenty-fourth day of and twenty.fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the fame to the account of the icgiifient and independant companies of invalids.

XXXII.	And whereas his Mqjefty has been pleafed to toufe repayment to be made to the non-eommiffioned officers and private men of bis foot forces, of the ftoppages made for the ufe of the paymajlers and furgeons: and whereas it is proper to make provifion fot the pap majursand Jmrgeons in lieu thereof; be it enabled. That, from the Annual allow-twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and tnc**to ** eighty-three, an annual allowance of one hundred and twenty mafteta°anY* pounds (hall be made to each of the faid paymafters and fur- furgeons of gcons, when the eftablifhment of their companies is fifty pri- the foot vale men, or upwards \% and an annual allowance of feventy J?rce,» pounds, after the companies (hall be reduced in their eftablifh-ment below the faid number of private men: for which faid pages made allowances, the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces (hall, for their ufe. and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifitions, and to ilTue his drafts as afbrefaid,Nupon the twenty-fourth day of June% and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the fame to the account of each corps, as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And whereas it has been ufual for the allowances made te the paymafters, furgeons, riding majters, and rough riders, of his Majejbfs horfe and dragoon forces, to be paid to them out of thje mo-nits tffited under the name of Orafs Money, and it is proper to make Annual tb 4 diftmfl provifion in lieu thereof; be it enadted, Thar, from the ^ymaftenT twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufend feven hundred and fargeoni, 9 eighty-three, an annual allowance, at and after the rate of teh riding mat pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his Majefty’s	°Li

Borfe and dragoon forces, (hall be made to each of the faid pay- dragocS fo matters, when the eftablilhment of the troop amounts to fortyrieu ofgrafa

private money.

Digitized by

Gc ;Ie

29$

Paymafter of every regi-ment, &c. to tranfmit to the agent, every two month?, an account of fubfittence a&ually paid therein.

And twice in every year to tranfmit to the (aid agent the feveral accounts herein fpicified.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georoii III. c. 50., [17H31

private men, or upwards ; and an annual allowance at and after the rate of feven pounds fifteen (hillings, for every troop, (hall be made to each of the faid paymafters, after they fhall be reduced in their eftablifhment below the faid number of private men; and alfo an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eight pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his Majefty’s horfe and dragoon forces, (hall be made t6 each of the faid furgeons, when the eftablifhment of the troop amounts, to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of fix pounds four (hillings, for every troop, (hall he made to each of the faid furgeons, after they (hall be reduced in their eftabliftunent below the faid number of private men; and alfo an annual allowance, at and after the rate of twenty-three pounds fix (hillings, for every troop of and in each regiment of his MajeftyYhorfe and dragoon forces, (hall be made to the colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major commandant, of every corps, for the ufe of the (aid riding matters, rough riders, or for incidental expcnces relating to the fame, when the eftablifh-ment of the troop amounts to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eighteen pounds one (hilling, for every troop, (hall be made to the faid colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors commandant, for the aforefaid purpofes, after they (hall be reduced in their eftablifhment below the faid number of private men: for which faid allowances, the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and re-quifitions, and to iflue his drafts as aforefaid, on the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the fame to the account of each corps, as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And be it enacted. That every paymafter of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majefty’s regular forces, or embodied militia, (hall, and he is hereby directed and reqoired to make out, and tranfmit to the agent of fuch regiment, troop, or company, an account, every two months, of the exadt fub-fiftence actually paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods ariling from deaths, defertions, or difeharges, of men, in the courfe of the faid two months: and on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth dny of December, in every year, the faid paymafter (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and, within three months from each of the above periods, to tranfmit to the faid agent, the following accounts; that is to fay, an account of all the expences which have attended the recruiting fervice of his Majefty’s regular forces, for the preceding fix months, diftinguiftiine the fubfiftence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of cxpence, under their feveral heads; an account of the poundage paid to the effe&ive men, in the preceding fix months ; an account of the allowances made for the extra price of bread, to fuch of the troop* who have been in barracks, the preceding fix months; an account of the expences which have attended

Djgitized by

Google

1^83.] Anno vkefimo tertlo Georgii III. 6. $0;	297

the marches of any regiment, troop, or company, from one part of Great Britain to Another; an account of the monies paid, for the preceding Jix months, ufualiy called Graft Money; an account of hofpital expences, travelling expences of officers and horles. Before they join the troop, or regiment, anti all othef lefs contingencies which are now, or which his Maiefty (hall, by any ftiture regulations under his royal fign manual, direct to be allowed fot the preceding fix months, under their feveral heads; the faid refpedtive accounts to examined and certified by the commanding officer of each refpedtive COtps, who (hall, and he is hereby directed and rfcauirdd to efcatftine and certify the fame 5 and on failure herein, the paymafter, through wbofe negledt the faid refpedtive accounts (hall not be tranfmit* ted as aforefaid, (hall be liable to a trial for fuch negledt by h general court martial, and if convidted, (hall be cafhiered, of (hall fuffer fuch other puni(hment as by fuch court martial (hall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regi* ment, troop, or company, in which fuch negledt (hall be committed, (hall, and he is hereby %diredted and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who (hall report the fame to the commander in chief, or to the fecretary aC war, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the fame.

XXXV.	And be it enadted, That, from and after the twenty* Agents to fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- ™aiCtc?0uiits four, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company, of his 0f their r*-# Majefty's regular forces, and embodied militia, (hall, and are fpeCtive regi-hereby diredted and required to make up an annual account of ®t,llB* ** each regiment, troop, and company, for the preceding year, v ending the twenty-fourth day of December; the accounts of the forces and militia ferving in Great Britain, to be made up within fix months after the expiration of the year ; the accounts of the federal corps on foreign fervice, within two months after the refpedtive accounts, enabling the agents to make up their faid annual accounts, (hall be received by the faid agents; and in the faid accounts, the feveral imprefts, or monies received, including the monies received for cad korfes fold, and every other receipt which belongs and ought to be brought to the credit of the pubiick, in the accounts of the refpedtive corps, and the feveral dilburfements or monies paid, (hall be properly diftinguifhed under their feveral heads of fovice, the arrears due to the feveral officers, and the agency due to them, upon the full pay of the commiffioned officers, non-commiffion-ed officers, and private men, of the feveral corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then (truck which is doe from the pubiick to the faid regiment, troop, and company;	r	.	•

and to tranfmit the fame within the aforefaid limited time, to gether with proper vouchers, agreeable to the prefent (landing fecmTry at * regulations, or any future regmatipus which his Majefty (hall, war, and pay-under his royal fign manual, diredt, to the office of the fecretary nwfter*gen> Vot. XXXIV.	X	at

Digitized by LjOoq ie

2$Z

on forfeiture of tool*

Not to dif-charge agents from making up fuch other accounts a« the fecretary at war may require.

Directions relative to muf-tering the forces*

Directions for making out army Debentures and clearing warrants.

Anno vfcefimo tertlo Georgii IIL 0.50*	[178^

at war* and a copy thereof to the office of the paymafter general of his majefty’s land forces; and on failure herein* or in any other of the regulations preferibed to the faid agents by this a&» the faid agent or agents fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every offence* to be recovered by any per-fon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and the ieccetary at war (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and fettle* or caufe to be examined and fettled* the aforefoid annual accounts, and to tranfmit the lame, together with certificates of the feveral charges allowed in the faid accounts, and the balances of the fame* within three months after the receipt of the faid accounts refpedtively* to the office of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces.

XXXVI.	Provided always. That this a<ft (hall not extend, or beconftrued to extend, to difeharge any agent or agents from making up, in the courfe of the year, fuch account or accounts as the fecretary at war may have occafion for or require; and any agent or agents, refuting obedience to fuch requitition or requifitions, (hall be liable to the penalty aforefait).

XXXVII.	And whereas the common practice of muftering the forces, is not of prejent ufe, be it ena&ed. That his Majefty’s forces (hall be muftered on, or as near as may be to, the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year; at which time the commiffaries mall, and they are hereby directed and required to take exa& lifts of all the com-miffioned and non-commiffioned officers, and private men, then actually exifting in the feveral regiments, troops, and compa* nies; and alfo lifts of fuch commiffioned and non-commiffioned officers, and private men, who have been in the feveral regiments, troops, and companies, for any part or parts of the preceding half year, fpecifying the periods at which fuch officers, and private men, came into the feveral corps, and when they died, or where removed* and alfo the dates and atteftations of all recruits, acquired in the preceding half year: and the com-miflary general of mufters (hall, and he is Hereby dire&ed and required/to tranfmit the fame to the offices of the fecretary at war, and paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces, and comptrollers of the accounts of the army, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, and firft day of May, following the faid mufters refpe&ively.

XXXVIII.	And whereas the prefent method of making out tbs army debentures and clearing warrants is inconvenient; be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the fecretary at war (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to prepare and fend, together with the annual accounts of the agents, and certificates aforefaid, warrants to the office of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s land forces, authorizing and directing the (aid paymafter general to make out debentures, wherein the films borne on the feveral eftablifhments, and the monies dilburfed du account thereof, (hall be fpecified, and the balance certified,

which

Digitized by LiOOQle

i783*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii lit. c. 51—53.	*99

which is due to 6r from each regiment, troop, and company, of his Majeily’s regular forces, and embodied militia; which faid debenture the paymafter general (hall, and he is hereby di-recced and required to tranfmit to the office of the faid fecretary at war, within three months from the receipt thereof; and the fecretary at war (hall, and he is hereby directed and required, immediately on receipt of the faid debentures, to make out, or caufe to be made out, clearing warrants, directing and authorif-ing the faid paymafter general to form memorials and requifi-tions, and to iflue hi9 drafts as aforefaid, for the balanceor net monies due to each regiment, troop, and company, of his Majefty's regular forces, and embodied militia, for clearings, and to charge the fame to the account of the faid regiment, troop, and company; and the faid clearing warrants (hall authorize and direct the paymafter general to make the excefs which (hall arife upon the feveral eftablifhments, after deducing there from the monies fo disburfed and paid as aforefaid, a favingv and to carry it to the credit of the publick; and to charge’ every deficiency, which (hall arife from the feveral efta-blifhments not being fufficicnt to difcharge the difburfements paid on account as aforefaid, to the general account of contingencies, or to fuch other fund as may be applicable thereto.

XXXIX.	And be it enaCed, That this adt (hall not extend, This a£t not or be conftrued to extend, to the making any alteration in the to extend to prefent mode or regulation of the two troops of horfe guards, or 5^^, the two troops of horfe grenadier guards, the royal regiment of f00t gjayds, horfe guards, and the three regiments of foot guards; but the fame (hall continue in the praCitc of the fame mode and regulations as they would otherwife have done had this aC not been made.

CAP. LI.

An a& to repeal an aft, made in the fifth year of rhe reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a& for further punifhment of vagabonds calling themfelves Egyptians.

AGt 5 Eliz.	10. recited, and repealed.

C,A P. LII.

An a& for punithing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain.

Number of forces 17,483, including *,030 invalids. — This aC to continue in the realm ot Great Britain, from June 24, 1783; till March 25, *7*4-

cap. im.

An ad to enable the commijfmers of fupply of the feveral therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britan called Scotland, to	affefs and levy certain funis for relieving fuch of inhabitants

X 2of

.	Digitized by Google

300	Anno	vkefimo	tcrtio Georgii III. c. 53.'	[1783;

0)T	the faid aunties as have been reduced to	by the

of the laji	year's crop of tornj and to enable bis	during

the next recefs of parliament, by and with the adviee of bis privy tountH, to permit the importation of torn into faid tomtits for a limited time,and in Jbips or vefftls belonging to any fate in amity with bis	Majefty,navigated by foreign

WTHEREAS, it is highly nettffary to matefomeprovifmfor Preamble. yy ^ relief of futbof the inhabitants of the	tounties of

Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invernefs, Rots, Nairne, Cro-martie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithnefs, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, as are or Jball be reduced to dijlrefs by the failure of the	crop of corn, and the

fearettyand high price of corn occafeoned thereby : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enailed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-Comroiffion* rity of the fame, That the commiffioners of fupply for the faid ers of fupply feveral and refpedtive counties of Kincardine, Aberdeen, Info* certain verntfs. Rtfs, Nairne, CromartArgyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, counties in	Caithnefs,Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, may, and

afofOhemay *h®y are hereby authorized (if the circumftances of the faid < landholders to counties (hall require and admit thereof) to affefs and levy upon * raife a fum of all and every the heritors and landholders within their refpec-moneyt tive (hires, a fum of money not exceeding fourteen pounds Scots on every one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent of the faid counties refpe&ively; fuch fum to be raifed and levied in the fame manner, and with and under the fame powers and authorities, as are directed by an alt made in this prefent feiGoa of parliament, intituled. An att for granting an aid to his Majtjly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thotifand /'evenhundred and eighty-three, with refpeft to • the cefs thereby direded to be raifed and levied.

.	...	II. And be it further enafted. That the commiffioners of fup-

in relieving	Pty afting within and for the feveral (hikes aforefaid relpedlively,

inhabitants	(hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply the

reduced to monies arifing by virtue of the affeliment authorized to be made Yrr bir thi* adl, in relieving fuch of the inhabitants of the faid retail year's °* fpe&‘ive (hires as have been reduced to indigence by the failure crop.	of the laft yearY crop, and in fuch way and manner as the

faid commiffioners in their judgement and diferetion (hall think fit.

His Majefty III. And whereas it may be	y during the next recefs of

impowered, /lament,to permit the fret importation of corn into the faid feveral recrfMtfpar-	and re/pebtive counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invernefs,

liament, to * R°fs. Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, iflhe his pro- Caithnefs, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, be it clamation for further enaftea. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for.his importation*of Majefty, by his royal proclamation, to be iffued by and with corn, for four the advice of bis privy council, to permit the importation af

Digitized by

Google

corn

1783.] Anno vicefuno tertio Georgii III. c.54—56.	30t

corn for the fpace of four months, to be computed from the months, into third day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- tbe three, into the faid feveral and refpcfiive counties of Perth,cottn“eif Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invemefs, Refs, Nairne, Cromartie, Ar-gyl*+ Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithnefs, Elgin, Dunbarton,

Orkney, and Zetland; and that all fuch com, to be imported by virtue of or under fuch proclamation, (hall not be fubjedt or liable to the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or im-pofition whatfoever; and fuch com fo imported may be carried coaftways under the fame regulations as corn being the growth of this kingdom; any thing in any former ad or ?£ts of parlia* mfent to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftanding.

IV.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Whatcom faid. That the faid corn, (videlicet) corn, grain, or flour, wheat, and flour may or wheat flour, rye, rye flour, barley, oats, peafe, and all forts of be imported, corn, grain, and meal, and pulfe, may be imported into the aforefaid places in any (hip or veflel belonging to any date in amity with his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, navigated by foreign feamen.

CAP. LIV.

An ad for providing a proper workhoafe, within the parifh of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the faid pardh.

CAP. LV.

An ad for building a new goal for the; town and county of tbe town of ICingfton upon Hu.l; for purebating an additional burial ground for the ufe of the parifh of the Holy Trinity, in tbe (aid town) tor regulating the fares of hacknty coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods ; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of party walls, and for preventing certain nui-lances within the faid town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an ad of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and eftablilhlng publick quays or wharfs at Kingfhm upon Hull, in refped to fuch as are or may be built oppoflte to certain ftaitbs in (be faid ad deferibed; and for other purports.

CAP. LVI.

An aH to allow the drawback of the whole duty of	upon	the

(	exportation of rite.

WHEREAS by an a8made in tbit prefent fefjton of parlia-

menty ( intituled,An aft for allowing the importation ofRecitaj0f rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free of duty, s. of the for a limited time,) Rice is permitted to be imported into Qreat prefent f«f-Britain, from any place whatfoever, at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and three, without payment of any fubftdy,	cuft, or duty, on importation

whatfoever: now, in order to encourage the trade and commerce of this kingdom, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be x „

X 3	cnaded	;

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii ID. c. 57, [*783.'

ena&ed j and be it enadted by the king’s moft excellent Ma-~ jefty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-F t fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, upon the 1783! a SraJ- exportation of any rice which (hall be imported into this back of the kingdom after the faid thirtieth day of September^ one thou-whole duty of farid feven hundred and eighty-three, inftead and in lieu of all f°rmcr drawbacks, the exporter (hall be allowed a drawback or the^xporta*1 aHowance of all the duties of cuftoms which were paid upon tioa otrice, the importation of fuch rice j which drawback (hall be made and allowed in fuch manner, and under fitch roles, regulations, penalties, ^nd forfeitures, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of cuftoms upon the exportation of fuch rice, was, could, or might be paid and allowed, if this adk had not been made.

C A R LVU,

An aft for the fait of prize goods fecured in warehoufts in ibis king-domy for which toe duties are not paidy or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Preamble. ITTHEREAS great quantities of prize goods, which bar# V V been taken during the late hoJlilitiesy are now remaining in feveral warehoufes in this kingdom, in which they were fecured in purfuance offeveral afis of parliament made for the relief of the cap-tors of prizes with ref petit to the bringing and landing certain prize -goods in this kingdom: And whereas, now the hojiilities are ceafid, it .is expedient that fuch warehoufes Jhould be cleared offuch goods within a reafonable time, to be allowed for that purpofe: be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the autho-If warehoused ri;y of the fame. That if fych ‘goods (hall not be either ex-pntt goods ported, or the full duties paid for the fame, on or before the ^orted oiTthe twenty~fifth day °f December, one thoufand (even hundred and Suties paid, * eighty-five, but (hall then continue and be dill remaining ia before Dec’ fuch warehoufes, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflion-*5» »7*v ers of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Londonox Edinburgh refpedHvely, com million- or any three or more of them for the time being, to caufe fuch TOa/fetuhe*118 E^ods remaining to be publickly fold, by auction or inch of kmc.	candle, to the beft bidder 5 and the money arifing by fuch fale

to be applied, firft, in difeharge of the duties diie and payable for fuch goods, and the expences of fuch falej and the overplus (jf any) to be paid to the proprietor of fuch goods, or other perfou duly authorised to receive the feme.	'	*

Digitized by Google

CAR

1783.]	Anno vicefimo tertxo Georgii III. c.58.

303

CAP. LVIII.

An ail far graining to his Majejiy fevtral additional and now duties upon flamped vellum^ parchment, and paper ; and aljo for repealing certain exemptions from the Jfamp duties•

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies which we have freely granted unto your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have refolved to give and . grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional and new (lamp-duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly* befeech your Majefty that it may be enacfted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, 1 in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the From Aug *• fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thou- j£*?n fand feven hundred and eighty-three, there (hall be levied, Outiefto bn collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britaitiy paid to his unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, Majefty5 vi-

the feveral (lamp-duties following; that is to fay,	dehcetj

For every

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or which&ftia?inbe piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- written or ed, any receipt, or other difcharge, for any legacy left by any printed a rewill or other teftamentary inftrument, or for any (hare or part jCC,£*

Of a perfonal eftate, divided by force of the ftatute of diftributi- exceeding ons, or the cuftom of any province or place, the amount where- *o1.an addi-of (hall not exceed the value of twenty pounds, there (hall be tional duty charged an additional (lamp-duty of two (hillings and fix- °f *d. pence; and where the amount (hall exceed the value of twenty pounds, and not amount to one hundred pounds, an additi- a”100 * onal damp -duty of five (hillings; and where the amount there- 100\t los of (hall be of the value of one hundred pounds, an additional anf1 a 1^3,4/ ftarop-duty of twenty (hillings; and a like additional (lamp- dition upon duty upon every further fum of one hundred pounds, fo left by every tool, any will or other teftamentary inftrument, or for any (hare or £?rc'£ry part of a perfonal eftate, divided by force of the ftatute of dif- 0n which toll tributions, or the cuftom of any province or place:	be written or

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or printed any piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroired, written, or probateof a printed, any probate of a will, or letters of adminiftration, for or above the any eftate of or above the value of one hundred pounds, there value of 1001. (hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty of twenty (hillings; an additional and a further additional duty of twenty (hillings, where the duty °f 2°s* eftate is of or above the value of three hundred pounds; and a Bool, value further additional duty of twenty (hillings, where the eftate is ” of *oi# of or above the value of fix hundred pounds; and a further ad- 6oo|*

X4	dhional**of}1-

304	Anno vicefimo teuio Georgii III. C. 58.	[1783.

t^jooI. value, ditional duty of twenty (hillings, where the eftate is of or above — of ,1.	■ the value of one thoufand pounds:

. For every (kin or piece pf vellum or parchment, or (heet or An additional piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed, written, oj print-dun« want- *n Great Britain, any indenture, Teafe, or other deed, for *d in 17Geo.j. which a (lamp-duty of one (hilling and fixpence is payable, by viz. an ioden- virtue of an adl made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his tore, leaf* or prefent Majefty, except bonds given as fecurity for the payment ?^er,d''d of any fum or (urns of money, there (hall be charged an addi-rtamp-duty oftional ftamp-duty'of one (hilling :

is.«d i*	For	every (kin or piece of vellum Or parchment, fir (heet or

granted (ex- piece of paper, upon which any bond (hall be ingrofled, wrh-cept bond* ten, or printed, given as fecurity for any fum of money, the ntyTor pay-U* amount whereof (nail Exceed one hundred pounds, there (hall mentof	be charged an additional ftamp-duty of five	(hillings*, and

money.)	where the amount thereof (hall be of the value	of five hundred

On bonds for pounds, or upwards, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp* above iool.an duty of ten (hillings:

dutUofn%f	For every (kin or piece of vellum qr parchment, or (heet or piec?

for cod*and P3Pcr* uPon wh^h (hall he ingrofled of written any original upwards ibs. writ* (except fuch original qpon whicji a writ of Capias ifiues) JEvery (kin, Subpepia* bill of A{iddlefex% Latitat, writ of Capias, Quo Minus, &c. contain- writ of pedimus Pofejlqlem to take anfyrers, e^arqine witnefles, inganorjp- or appoint guardians, o(r any other writ'whatfoever, or any pttnT&c.	other ptocefe or mandate that (hall iffue out or	pafs the feals of

where the	any *he courts at fVtJlminftcry courts of the	great feflions in

debt or da*	Walts ^ courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whar-

mabe amounts foever holding plea, where the debt dr damage doth amount to d^uonal^uty ^°rty (hillings or above, dr the thing in demand is oif that of 6d.	•	value, (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for

fuffering comqipn recoveries, and writs of Habeas Corpus, al-mns^hoid ways cxccPtcd>) <ha11 ** charged an additional (lamp-duty twoecclefiaf- of fixpence:

t»c»l livings. For every (kin or pjece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Uc. arkxtidi- piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled written,’ or print-t.onaldutyof ^ any difpenfatiori to hold two ecclefiaftical dignities or bene-On admifiions hces* or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other difpenfation into either ot or faculty from the lord arqhbifhop of Canterbury, or the maftef the inns of of the faculties for the time being, there mall be charged an ad-coart. an ad- ditional ftamp-duty of forty (hillings:	‘

0^40* ^Ut/ For cvcry ^,n or P1CCC ve^yin or parchment, or (heet or imdon every Picce	uPon which (ball be ingrofled, written, or print-

regiller or	any	sdmHfion into any ot the four inns of court, thebe' (hill

ctrtifkate of l*e charged an additional ftamp-duty of forty (hillings: the decree of Fqr every Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or t^ken thtrttn P,CCF P3Pcr> uPon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print-an adtfuional* any regifter, entry, teftimonial, or certificate of the degree *1.	pf utter barrifter, taken in any of the faid four inns of court,

c	there (hall be charged an additional ftamp-duty of four pounds:

grnhJoHet- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heef or ter* patent piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed, written, or print*

(d,

Digitized by

ik

Google

1783.] Anno vicefitno tertio Georgii III. c. 58.	305

ed, any grant or letters patent under the great Teal of Gw* under the Britain, or the feal of the duchy or county palatine of	gnat feal, or

of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchifc, liberty, or privi- leal of the lege to any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, or £“**7®*	,

exemplification of the fame, (commiflions of rebellion in pro- " honour* cefs always excepted,) there lhall be charged an additional tic. an addi-fiamp-duty of forty (hillings:	tional 40s.

For every (kin or piece of vellum j>r parchment, or (heet or On every ad-piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written or print- mittance of a ed, any admittance, or inftrument for admitting, of any fellow of the college of phyficians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, phyfcians, or pro&or, notary* or other officer or officers, in any court what- of an attor-foever in Great Britain, (not being an annual officer in any cor- ney> Pro*“r» poration or inferior court, whofe office is under the' value of ten pounds per antium,in falary fees, or other perquifites,) there ”	*

(hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty of forty (hillings:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of Oa bills of paper r upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any note or bill of lading, which mall be figned for any goods or Reported, an merchandizes to be exported, there (hall be charged an additio- additional «d. nal damp-duty of four-pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (he^t or On certificates piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or print- for drawing ed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any cuftoms *?ac!t af,y or duties, or any part of any cufloms or duties, for or in refpedt p^Jion*an of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes,	gd.

which (hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, from Great Britainyfor pny parts beyond the feat, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty of eight-pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or On every d-piece of paper, upon which, (hall be ingrofled or written, any ci- tation or mo-ration, or monition, made in any ecclefiafiical court, or any libel ““g" or allegation, defpofition, anfwer, fentence, or final decree, or court, &c. an any inventory exhibited in any ecclefiafiical court, the courts of additional is. admiralty or cinque ports, or whereupon any copies of them refpedlively (hall be ingrofled or written or upon which (hall be ingrofled or written any proteft, or any other notorial aft wharfoever, there (hall be charged an additional damp-duty of one (hilling:

, For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or On every con-piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled or written any veyanee, fur-conveyance, furrender of grants or offices, releafe, or other deed rend*r whatfoever, yvhich (hall be inrolled of record in any of the courts at tVtflminJiery or in any other court of record whatfo- record in any ever, or by any Cujloi Rctulorum, or clerk of the peace, there court of redial! be charged an additional damp-duty of two (hillings and	an

fixpence:	as. 6 th*

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or	’	’

pi«e of papef,' tlpdn which lhall be ingrofled or written any	"nt!

writ‘of covenant for levying fines, any writ of entry for fuffer-	fines,

ing a common recovery, and any exemplification, of what na- an additive (©ever, that (Mil pafs the ftal of any court whatfoever, tional js.

there

*	Digitized by vjOOQ 1C

Anno viceffmo tertio GfioRon III. c. 58.	[1783.

th^re (hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty of five (hillings: * For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofied or written any beneficial warrant or order, under the fign manual of his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (except warrants or order* for

..........................be

306

On every beneficial war* rant, under his Majefty’e fign manual.

an additional the fervice of the navy, army, and ordnance) there (hall warrants^*1 charged an additional (lamp-duty of five ftiillings : orders for the fervice of the navy, army, and ordinance.)

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or CrIr piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofied or written any frock in any transfer of nock in any company, fociety, or corporation, within company, &c. Great Britain, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty in Great pf two (hillings and three-pence:

Sd’ti1**21	^or every *k‘n or P^cc vchum or parchment, or (heet or

si/td.0 piece paper, upon which (hall be ingrofied, written, or prints On eveiy fur- *4, any copy any furrender of, and admittance to, any render of, or cuftom- right or tenant-right eftate, not being copyhold, which; admittances (hall pafs by furrender and admittance, or by admittance only^ m*ffht an<*	^all	not	Pa^$ ^ deed, (except fuch cu(lorn-right or

eflS^not tcnant-right eftates as (hall not exceed the clear yearly value of copyhold, twenty (hillings) within thofe parts of Great Britain called Eng -which (had land, Wales* and the town or Berwick upon Tweed* there (had dce/h?En - cbarS^4 an additional damp-duty of two (hillings and fix-

land or Wales, pence:

an additional as. 6d. (except under the yearly value of tos.) mdw?/or ^or every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or admittance piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofied, written, or print-to, any copy- ed, any furrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or hokl eftate, tenement, (except fuch copyhold lands or tenements as (hall notofthe Mt excecc^ the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings,) within yearly value thofe parts of Great Britain, called England* Wales* and the town of»os. of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or leafe by copy of court in England or re]j, & any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor additional* *hhin the (aid parts of Great Britain, (other than and except ss. 6d. the original furrender to the ufe of a will, and the court roll or (except the books wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or uv-original fur- inrolled,) there (hall be charged an additional (lamp-duty of SS.tST twolhillin6sandfapei.ee:

and the court rdls or books. >

On every bill, jror cvcry fk;n & p*iece 0f vellum or parchment, or (heet, or cariorT or^l- P*ece °f PaPer> uPon which (hall be ingrofied or written, any other plead-' bill, atifwer, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, interrogatories, depofitions taken bycommiffion, or any other pleadings whatfo-ever, in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, an4; county palatine courts, or other courts of equity, there (hall charged an additional ftajnp-duty,of fi*pence :

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Of On every ad- piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofied pr written anj nfifliPn into admiflion into any corporation or company, of any matricuUti* tionon in eithcr of the two univerfities, there (hall be ch^getl *9 additional as. a44itional (lamp-duty of two (hillings :

Digitized by Cj

For

ings, in the courts of chancery exchequer, &c. an additional 6d.

783.] Anno vicefimotertio GeorgiI III. c. 58.	307

For every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or On every ori-iece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed or Written, any rixicipal or original inftrument of furrender or refignation, fer-ice or cognition of heirs, charter or feifineof any houfes, lands, n^ion, char-enemems, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage ter or feifine enure, in Scotland, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp- of houfes, luty of one frilling :	if

For every (kin or pipce of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Scotland, an iece of piper, upon which (hall be ingroffed or written any additional i«. principal or original feifine, taken or following upon any tnort- For every ori-;age, wadfet, heretable bond, alienation, or diTpofition, or upon E1?*1 feifine ny charter, precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprizirtgs, or ad- mortg^&c. udications of lands or tenements holding of any fubjeft as in Scotland,an iforefaid, in Scotland, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp- additional it. huy of one (hilling :

For, every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or For every ori* n&cc of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed or written any ^inal retour of irincipal or original retour of any fervice of heirs, or any precept *n>’ fe"icc.

\f Clare Conjlat of lands or tenements bolding of any fubjeft as s^S’and an iforefaid, in Scotland, there (hall be .charged an additional (tamp- additional in luty of one (hillipg :

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or FQr every piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed or written any charter or re-rharter or refignation, confirmation. Novo Damus, or charter ipon apprizing, or adjudication made or granted by fuch fupe- additional rior or others as aforefaid, in Scotland, there (hall be charged an idditional (lamp-duty of one (hilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or *°r cvervori-piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed or written any Sent of fur-principal or original inftrument of furrender or refignation ofrenderof iny meffuages, houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tithes, lands, tene-mills, fiftiings, and other heretable rights, or any of them, to be mcnt8> Sec. t? made to any of his Majefty’s fubjedls, who are or (hall be the JhereojT^0™ Superiors thereof; or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation * Scotland^

>r to 3/iy mpgiftrates or others who have power to receive fuch additionally urrenders or refignations, in Scotland, there (hall be charged an	*

idditional (lamp-duty of one (hilling:	For every (kia

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or £°«ta,ning piece of paper, upon which any agreement (hall be ingroffed, uty of written, or printed, whether the fame (hall be only the evidence 6». yf the contrail, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a For every in* written inftrument, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of fix ventory of hillings;	fMrmture,&c.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of ^en*^ar®' paper, upon which (hall be ingroffed ^or written, any inventory agreement, as catalogue of	any	furniture,	goods,	or	effeils,	made with	re- &c. a duty of

Ference to any	agreement,	or	For	the	fecurity	of	any	perfon, *s* 6 d\

[except inventories prpduceable in the ecclefiaftical courts, and torkVineccle-ilfo except inventories of goods and chattels diilrained for rent fuftical courts In arrear,) there (hall b$ charged a (lamp-duty of two (hillings and of goods md fixpencflt:	diftrained for

Forrcnt#)

Digitized by Google

$o8

For every award, 5*.

Thif aft not

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c.58.	[1783^

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece 0 paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any^ award, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of five (hillings. 1 oz II. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing! to affcft lega- *n this aft contained (hall extend to charge with the additional cies tec. Ieft duties by this aft impofed, any legacy left by any will, or*other the wife, teftamentary inftrument, or any (hare or part of a perfonal eftate annddbil^ t0 divided by f°rce	^atutc	of diftributions, or the

orcn,of the cuftom of any province or place, which (hall be left to the tcftator. wife, children, or grandchildren, of the perfon making fuch wilt '	or teftamentary inftrument, or (hall be divided amongft them!

force of the ftatute of diftributions, or the cuftom of any provin „ or place.

wot^xUnd, to !!!• Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority hbds for in* aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or furances to be conftrued to extend, to charge or make liable any label, flip, or ^tbe memorandum, containing the heads of infurances to be made bt change, or corporations of the Royal Exchange AJfurance, or Linden df* London Af- fyrance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange AJfurance of boufit fisrances from and goods from fire> and London AJfurance of boufes and goods fren fire)	“	-	~

nor to agreements for kafes at rack rent of any flttflijag* on* der $1, per ann. or for

manufactq-rers, or menial fer-vants, or relating to fale of goods, or where the value of the matter (hall

fire% or any of them* to the payment of the damp-duties charged by this aft upon contrafts or agreements.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the duty of fix (hillings, by this aft impofed on agreements, any memorandum or agreement for any leafe at rack hireof labour-rcnt	any meflfuage under the yearly value of five pounds; or

er*f artificers, to charge any memorandum or agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufafturcr, or menial fervant; or to charge any memorandum, letter, or agreement, made for or relating 'to the fale of any goods, wares, or merchandizes j or to charge any memorandum or agreement where the matter of metnoranaum or agreement (hall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds; or to charge any memorandum or agreement made m

_________ that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that (hall be (lamped

sot exceed sol. yrtth the duty required on deeds in that part of Great Britain or agreements called Scotland.

thaHhaUbe ' Providec* alfo, That no memorandum or agreement not (tamped as (tamped (hall be deemed to be void, in cafe the fame (hall be required	damped at the head office, or the faid duty (hall be paid there*

there.	on and a receipt given thereon for the fame by the proper officer

at days allow- receiving fuch duty, within twenty-one days after the fame fhall ed for pay- have ^cn cntcrccJ jnt0-

m n ° uy yj And further enafted. That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the faid addi-Duties grant- tional and new duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the coaimif* (loners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, at the major part of them, arf hereby required and impowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe1 and

on agree* mencs^

Duties gri ed by this aft * to be under the management of com-miflioners (or (lamps.

Digitized by Google

1783.) Atmo vicelimo tertloGEORGii III. c. 58.	309

to ufe and provide fuch (lamps to denote the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things Becefiary to be done for putting this aft in execution with re* lation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the majoV part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchjnent, and paper.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted. That, to One new prevent the multiplication of damp9 upon fuch pieces of vellum (tamp may be or parchment, or fheets or pieces ot paper, on which feveral ProT'de‘Lto duties are by the feveral alts of parliament impofed, it (hall and ^oVdutiea may be lawful for the faid commiflioners', indead of the diftindt on eacfeskin, damps directed to be provided to denote the feveral duties on

the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to caufe, * if they (hall fee occafion, one new damp to be provided to denote the (aid feveral duties, and the additional duty granted by this aft, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, charged with the faid feveral duties.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all vellum, parchment, Vellatmparcfe-and paper, liable to the duties hereby charged, (hall, before the J"*"1’ &c'“ fame (hall be ingrofled, printed, or written upon, be brought to befor^prlottd the head office for (tampjng or marking vellum, parchment, or or wrote on, paper; and the faid commiflioners, by themfelves, or by &c.

their officers employed under them, (hall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any perfon or perfons from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this aft directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, which (hall be brought to them for that purpofe; the perfon fo bringing the fame paying, to the receiver general of the (lamp-duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this aft.	tff . „

IX.	And be it further enabled. That the fame allowance (hall ,n^Tf* be made on prefent payment of the feveral duties granted by made on this aft, and in fuch manner, as by any former law relating prompt pay-to (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and mei>t* allowed.

X.	And be it further enafled,- That fuch (lamps as the faid ^an?p*”?*5r. commiflioners are hereby directed and authorized to provide

and ufe, (hall and may be altered and renewed in fuch manner	*

as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all perfons who dull have in their cuflody or poflelfion any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the damp of mark which (hall be foaltered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp -denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby diredled to be imprefled, (hall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes directed.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That if.any perfon (fall ooun- Perfon* counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any terfeking

faL «

Digitized by VjOOQlC

Anno vieefimo tcrtio Georoii 111. c. 58.	£1783

knowingly fed, (tamp, or mark* directed or aMovred to be ufed by this, <* ▼ending any ^oy other a<5t of parliament, for the purpofe of denoting the

310

fuch counter- duties by this or any other aft of parliament granted, or (hall 1 *’ er counterfeit or. referable the impreflion of the fame; or (hall ufcj

death as fe Ions.

Duties grant* cd by this aft to be levied, See. as tbofe under

ter, vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any vellum, parchment, at paper, liable to the (aid (lamp-duties, with fuch counterfeit mark or impreflion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counters feited; or (halt privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or n>ark, direfted or allowed to be ufed by this or any other aftd parliament relating to the damp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convrfted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall (offer death as in cafes o( felony, without benefit of clergy.

XII. And be it further enafted* That all powers, provifions, articles,' daufes, didribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, preferred .or appointed by any fbrJ mer aft or afts of parliament relating to the damp-duties on

former damp- vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be of full force and effed

afts#

Certain claufes in turnpike and navigation afts. See. patted before December 5, 178a, repealed.

with relation to the feveral duties hereby impofed; and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colle&ing, and fecuring the (aid additional and new duties hereby impoftd, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feversdly and re-fpeftively been hereby enafted, with relation to the mid additional and new duties hereby impofed.

, XIII. And be it further enaftedy That all fuch parts of any *ft or afts of parliament relative to any turnpike, highway, parings road, bridge, inclofure, navigation, or canal, or any other matter or thing, pafled before the fifth day of J>ecembtr> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt any mort-gage, alignment, transfer, or other fecurity for borrowing money, or any nomination, contrail, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whatfoever liable to damped duties, from being damped, (hall be, and the feme are hereby repealed*

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the the faid repeal faid repeal (hall hot extend to an transfer of any pubiick or undn0t <X" government docks or funds; or to any indruments, documents, cn #	or other writings whatfoever., concerning the pubiick revenue,

or pubiick funds; or to any other writing exprefsly exempted from the damp-duties by any aft of parliament granting any fuch duty or duties, unleis where fuch exemption has been repealed.

Duties to be XV. And be it further enafted. That the feVeral duties here-paid to re- in-before granted (hail be paid* from time to time, into the oflftamSCnCral hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties duties?^* on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the feveral duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted') into the receipt of the exchequer,

for

To what cafes

Digitized by LjOOQle

*7^3-] Anno vicefimo tertio Geqrgii III. c. 58.	311

for the ufes and purposes in this ad mentiefced, at fueh time, sind in fuch manner, as any foniner duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are dirc&ed to be paid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That there fhalLfee provided A Separate and kept, in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt of aj^OUIJ.t . exchequer, a book of books, in which M the monies arifingf {^Tbythe from the laid feveral duties, and paid into the faid receipt as auditor of aforefaid, (hall be entered, Separate and apart from aH other the exche-monies paid and payable to his Majefty, bis heirs and fuccef- quv. fcrs, upon any account whatsoever; and the faid money, fo paid How to be »to the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, together applied* writh fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted

by any ad or ads of this feilion of parliament for this purpofey be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all feoh other charges and cxpences as are directed to be paid and pay* able purfuant to an ad of this prefont feflion of parhament,

(intituled, An aft for raifing 0 certain fum of money by way of an* nuities, and for ejlablijhmg a lottery.)

XVII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if at any time or times it (hall happen, that the produce fo cafe the of the feveral duties granted by this ad, together with the feve- dnties grant* yal other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this* feflion of ^.th” parliament, for the payment of the Several annuities of three Qf t£?annui-pounds per centum, and of four pounds par centum, and of thir- ties granted teen (hillings and four-pence per centum, in refped of twelve bjrthe l°tttorp millions, borrowed in purfuance of an ad of this profenr feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of money J?icnt fo" that by way of anmituiy tjnd for efiublijbing a lottery,} (hall not he fuf- purport ficient to pay and discharge the feveral annuities of three pounds per centum9 and of four pounds per centum, and alfo the faid annuity of thirteen (hillings and four-pence per centum, to continue for Seventy-Seven years, from the fifth day of Januaty9 one thoufand Seven hundred and eighty-thifce, and then to'eeafe, together with the other charges and expences attending the Said refpedive annuities, to be Satisfied and paid out of the fame, at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment, at wlych the fame are direded by the faid ad to be paid; then, the deficiency and fo oft^n, and in every fueh cafe, fiich deficiency or defici- fuP* encies (hall and may be Supplied out of any of the monies {Ve .which, at any time or times, (hall be or remain in the receipt fundi < of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefleS, overplus monies, land other revenues, compofmg the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former ad [or ads of parliament in that behalf,) and fueh monies of the Maid (inking fund (hall and may be, from time to time, iflued [and applied accordingly: and if at anytime or times, before! lany monies of the faid fund, to be eftabli(hed as aforefaid, (hall R>e brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there (hall happen no be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities as afore-lpid,. which (hall be a&ually incurred, and grown due, at any

|	*	Digitized	by	Google

jit	Ahno	vicefimd	tcrfld	GeoROII	HI.	c.59.	[178$.

of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned ; that then, and in every fuch cafe* the money fo wanted (hall and may be fupplied out. of the monies of the finking fund, (except as before excepted,) and be ifliied accordingly.

Tobereplac- XVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority ed out of the aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall belflued out of the faid next fuppUe*. finding (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

In cafe of a	XIX. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

furplua of aforefaid. That in Cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder femefe^l be	mon‘cs	arifing	by	the	laid	fund,	after the faid feueral and

teferved for refpeftive annuities, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied, or the difpofitkm money fufficient (hall be referved for that putpofe, fuch furplus 'of parliament, or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for the dif-pofition of parliament, and (hall not be ifliied but by the authority of parliament, and as (hall be directed by future aft or ads of parliament; any thing in any former or other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftandiog.

Perfons feed XX. And be it further enafted. That if any period or per-for executing fons (hall at any time or times be fued, tnolefted, or profecuted, t&for* for any thing by him or them done or executed in putfuance of general this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perlbn or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence} and (hall be and if upon the trial a verdift '(hall pafs for the defendant or Mtidcd to defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, treble cods, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble coils awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Recital of a bill now depending in the houfe of common*.

CAP. LIX.

An all	to provide that the	proceedings on the Pill, now depending in

parliament, for inflifting certain pains and penalties on fir Thomas	Rumbold, baronet, and Peter	efquire, for	cer-

tain breaches of publick truft, and high crimes and mifde-meanors, committed by them whilft they refpeftively held the offices of governor and prefident, cbunfellors, and members of the feleft committee of the fettlement of Fort Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandel, in the Eajl Indies, /bad riot be	difcontinued by any prorogation or dij/ohetion 0/parliament.

WHEREAS a bill is depending in the of , intituled, A bill for inflifting certain pains and penalties on fir Tbomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, efquire, for certain breaches of publick truft, and high crimes and misdemeanors, committed by them whilft they refpeftively held the offices of governor and prefident, counfellors and members of the fejeft committee of the fettlement of Fort Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandel, in the Eajl Indies: and whereas, on account of the prefent late period of the feffion, and of the great body of evidences adduced in fupport of, and againjl the truth of the allega-

a	tioos

Digitized by Gooele

1783*] Anno vfcfefinao tjbitio GeoROU III. C. 66.	t	*f

tmis in the bill, it is probable the parliament may be prbro&uei before, the faid till,' under the above crrcumfancesy can be properly tenfiderei: and whereas it is highly expedient for the publick fervice, that the faid bill jhould be proceeded on as early as pojfibU in the next feffion of parliament \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mdft excellent majefty * by and. with the advice and confenc of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons. In this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame; That the The proceed* proceedings on the faid bill now depending in the houfe of com- i"g* onthe mons, intituled, A bill for inf ixing certain pains and penalties on rcc,lt5d}^,!iir fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, efquire, for continued by certain breaches of publick trufl, and high crimes and mif demeanors, prorogation7 committed by them whiljl they refpeliively held the offices of governor or diflblutiorl and prefident, ceunfeUorss and members of the feleU committee of the fettlement of Fort Saint George, on the coajl 0/Coromandel, in the Eaft Indies, (hall not be difcontinu^d by any prorogation or diftolution of parliament; but the faid bill maybe proceeded on in the next feffion of parliament in fuch and the fame manner as could or might have been in cafe the prefent feffion of parliament had been continued, and no prorogation or diffolu-tkm of parliament bad happened or taken place.

C A P. LX.

An alt for further continuing fo much of an a8, pajfed in the twenty-fecund year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a<5l for reftraining fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, efquire, frpm going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for difcovering their eftates and effects, and preventing the tranfporting or alienating the fame, as relates to refrain-mg the faid fir Thomas Rumoold, baronet, and Peter Perring, efquire, from alienating or otherwise difpqfing of their refpeflive real ejlates*

WHEREAS an all was pajfed in this feffion of parliament,

^ for continuing an aft, paifed in the twenty-fecond year Recital ofc, j. of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An && f°r refrain- of the prelent ing fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet^ and Peter Perring; efquire, ^on-from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for difcovering their efates and effieHs, and preventing the tranfporting or alienating the fame: and whereas, by virtue of the faid recited all, the jjffid ably pajfed in the t wenty-fecond1 year of the reign of bis prefent Mqjefiy, is to have continuance, and be in force, until the end of the prefent feffion of parliament, and no longer: and whereas a bill far infilling certain pains and penalties on the faid fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring* efquire, for certain breaches Of publick trufl, and high crimes find mif demeanors, committed by them vuhilfl they refpeHively held the offices of governor and prefident, mnfellors and members of the felell committee of the fettlement of ,

Vw. XXXII.	Y	Forr

Digitized by Google

m	Anno	vicefioyj	tertio Gkorgu ill. c. €u [1785,

Fort Saint George, ontbt coaft of Coromandel, in tbt Eaft Indies, is Jlill departing im par and it is therefore expedient that the f aidafl, made in tbe year of reign of bis prefent	Majefty,	whisk, by virtue of tbo find	wiU

ton tinuance, and be in fores, only until tbo end of tbo prefent of parliament\Jbould be in part further eontimod, in order, and- to tbe intent, that tbe real eftates of them, tbe faid fir Thomas Rum-bold, baronet, and Peter Pemng,	rfiaybe fetured fo as to

an finer and be liable	to jnjlitein parliament: may it therefore pleaie

your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by tbe King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-feat of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. Part of*» That, fo much of the above-mentioned aft, made in tbe twen-Ge°: *’	fi ty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An

until Feb. s for retraining fir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Per-,7g+>	’	’	ring,	tfquirt, from going out of ibis kingdom, for a limited time;

and for	difcovering tbeir efiattsand effe&s,	and preventing tbe

porting or alienating tbe fame, as relates to remaining the (aid nr Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Peering, elquire, from alienating or otherwife difpofing of their refpeftive real eftates, (hall, and is hereby declared to have continuance, and be in force, from the expiration of the term limited by the laid recited aft, pafied in this fe(Hon of parliament, until the firft day of February, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afote&k), FublSckaft. 'That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publish aft;

and be judicially taken notice of at fisch, by all judges, iuftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the Tame.

C A P. LXI.

An aft for veiling in Henry earl of Pembroke, hit heirs ami affigns, for ever, the fee-maple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynnwdfton, and certain lands and hereditaments in tbe parishes of Great Bedwyn end Burbage, in the county of W^tt; and for fettling other lands sad hereditaments in lieu thereof to the fame ides.

Recital of letters patent of $ Edw. 6. dated May 7. whereby the hundred of Kynwtrdfton, with lands. See. in the parilnes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in tbe county of Wilts, were granted to William firft earl el Pembroke, in tail male, to be held of the crown, in. chief, by knights' fervice. The before-mentioned hundred, lands, foe. litinted in Grot Bedwyn and Bnrbage, veiled in the earl of Pembroke, bis heirs, kc. m fee, dtfeharged from ell claim of the crown In refoeft thereof. 'Other manors, dec. vefted in the heirs mats of WiRfem the firft eari of Pembroke, with the ultimate remainder thereof to his Majefty, Gsocrsl laving.

C At

Digitized by

1783.] Anno vfcefimo tertio GfioRGii III. c. 62.'

VS

CAP. LXII.

jin aH for granting to bis Majejly a fiamp-Suiy on Usances to it' taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending medicines; and certain (lamp-duties on all medicines fold under pub licences9 or tender tie authority of bis Majeflfs Utters patent.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afl^mbled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies which we have granted to your Majefty in this fefiion of parliament, have voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto your Majefty the rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, there (hall be charged, levied, and paid unto and tor the ufe of his majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, the feveral rates and duties following j that is to fay, all perfons (except fuch as have ferved a regular apprenticeftiip to any furgeon, apothecary, druggift, or chymift, or fuch as (hall have kept a (hop for the fpace of three years before the palling of this adt, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines fold by virtue of his Majefty’s letters patent) uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, (hall annually take out a licence for that purpofe, in manner hereinafter preferibed:

And where the perfons, fo uttering or vending drugs or medicines, (hall refide within the cities* of London and IVeflminfttr, or within the diftance of the penny poft, on every fuch licence there (hall be charged a ftamp duty of twenty (hillings:

And where the perfons uttering or vending drugs or medicines (haH refide in any other part of Great Britain, there (hall be charged on every fuch licence a ftamp-duty of five (hillings:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure, of any medicine *inder the price or value of two (hillings and ibcpence, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any per-foij or perfons taking out fuch licences, or by any perfon or perfons under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of three pence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure, of any medicine of the price or value of two (hillings and fix-pence, and under the price or value of five (hillings, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon or perfons taking out

Y a	fuch

Preamble#

From Sept, f, 179), certain perfons felting medicines are to take out a licence annually for that purpofe#

If refidinglfl London, or within tne diftance of the penny poft, to pay aos.

In any other

Sart of Great ritain, 5 s.

Perfons felling medicinrs under fuch licences, See. to pav, for every box,

&c. under ts 6d. m ftamp-duty of jd.

For every box, bottle, See. of the value of as. 6d. and under 5s a duty of 6d.

Digitized by Google

3*6

For every box, bottle, &c. of the value of 5 a. a duty of 11.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.	[1783*

fuch licences, or by any perfon or perfons under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of (ixpence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure, of any medicine of the price at value of five (hillings and upwards, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by perfons taking out fuch licences, or by any perfons under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of one (hilling.

the navy or array

Duties to be under the management of com mif-fioners of ftamp-duties.

Not to extend II. And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contain-of ed (hall extend to any perfon or perfons vending any drugs or .	mC(Jicincs,	who	(hall have ferved as a furgeon in the navy or

army, under any commiflion or appointment, where the fame (hall have been duly entered at the war office or navy office.

III.	And be it further enalled, That, for the better and more effeltual levying and collelling all the faid duties hereinbefore granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the commiflioners for tne time being appointed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part ot them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch (lamps to denote the faid feveral duties, as (hall be requi-fite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this all in execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the firft

From Sept, i, 1783, unqualified perfons felling medicine* without

day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, no perfon whatfoever, required by this alt to be licenfed, (hall, unlefs he or (he be licenfed in manner herein-after prescribed.

Any two of

the commif* fioners of

a licence, (hall utter, vend; or fell, any medicine in Great Britain, upon pain forfeit 51. to forfeit, for every offence, the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

V. And be it further enalted, Thar, from and after the paff-ing of this all, any two or more of his Majefty’s commiflioners ltam s appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps on vellum, gram licences, parchment, or paper, or fome perfon duly authorized by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who (hall apply for the fame, to fell medicines in any city, town, or other place, within Great Britain, for the fpace of one year, to commence from the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feveh hundred and eighty-three, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, to commence from the day of the date of every fuch licence \ and all and every perfon and perfons,

Digitized by

Google

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. C.6a«	317'

Tons, who (hall take out fuch licence for felling medicine*, (hall Licences to be take out a fre(h licence for another year, ten days at the leaft	'r0

before the expiration of that year for which he or (he (hall be they expire, fo licenfed, if he or (he (hall continue to fell medicines; and lhall in like manner renew fuch licence, from year to year, paying down the refpedive funas due for the (lamps on fuch licences, as long as be or (he (hall continue to fell medicines.

VI.	And, in order to fecure the duty hereby impofed, be it further enacted. That every perfon making, uttering, or vending fuch Venders of medicines, (hall fend to the comroifiioners of (lamps, or to medicines to their officers appointed by them for that purpofe, paper covers, [aSeig^oYhe0* wrappers, or labels, made for inclofirrg fuch medicines, with 0fgce to be his, her, or their name or names, and any other particular flampcd j word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which

the fame is intended to be fold, in fuch manner and form as

the faid commiffioners (hall dired, in order that the fame may

be damped with the feveral and refpedive duties hereby directed

to be impofed, and delivered again, from time to time, to fuch

maker or vender, as occafion (hall require * and every box, and to cover

packet, bottle, or phial, or any other indofure of medicine, Jhei' boxes,

uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon* or perfons taking out J^c^oiif-^

the licence required by this ad, or that (ball be uttered, vend- fibers (hall

ed, or ibid, by or for any perfon or perfons under the authority dired.

of any letters patent, (hall be covered, wrapped up, or inclofed

with fuch mark or device, and in fuch manner as the coramif-

fioners of his Majefty’s (lamp-duties (hall from time to time

direct.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per* Penalty on fons (hall utter, vend, fell, or expofe to (ale, any box, packet,

bottle, or phial, or any other inclofure of medicine, fubjed to

the (lamp-duties hereby impofed, unlefs the cover, wrapper, or dicinet #icn-

ltbel hereby directed to inclofe, or to be affixed to the fame, out a proper

(hall be marked, fealed, and (lamped, as by this ad is direded, ©over,

or (hall be inclofed in any cover or wrapper, or (hall have any

label affixed thereto, marked or (lamped with a damp or mark

of lefs denomination or value than by this ad is direded, all

and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and

pay, for every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure

of fuch medicine fo uttered, fold, or expofod to fale, the fum

of five pounds, to be recovered .and applied as herein-after is

direded.

VIII.	And, to prevent the feal, mark, $r damp, hereby directed to be ufed, which hat inclofed any medicine, from being made ufe of again for inclofng other medicines, the box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure whereof is hereby dire fled to be Jlamped; be it coaded. That if any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently cut. Penalty on tear, or take off, any mark, feal, or (lamp, in refped whereof, making ufe of or whereby any duties are hereby payable on any box, packet, y^^rco-bottle, or phial, or other inclofure of any medicine; or (hall once, fraudulently inclof? any box* packet, bottle, or phial of medi- &c. 10I. 9 cioc, in any paper fo foaled and (lamped as aforefaid, the fame

Y 3	having

Digitized by VjOOQLC

318	Anno	viccfirpo	tertio	Georoii	III.	c.6z.	[1783,

having been once made ufe of for the purpofe aforcfaid; or if any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter fell* utter, or expofe to (ale, any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other mclofcre of medicine liable to any of the duties hereby pharged, the fame not being at the time of fuch felling, uttering, or expofing to (ale, inclofed in feme cover* wrapper, or label, adqally (lamped as by this a61 is direded; then fo often, and ip every fuch cafe, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned, (hall forfeit the (up of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is dire&ed.

IX.	Andy to prevent perfont fo licenfed as aforefaid from filling and buying any coverj, wrapperr, and labehy which have befire bee* made ufe offor denoting any of the duties by tins a& impofidy and fur Psny perfon preventing fuch frauds, be it ena6led. That if any perfon (hall, who (hall buy from anJ after the paffing of this ad, fell or buy any fuch co-vm to^beufed ver* wraPP€|Y or label, in order to be again made ufe of for tbp for tnclofing ittdofing any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other indofure of medicines	medicine, liable to the duty hereby impofed, every fuch per-

more than	ft>n fo offending (hall, for every fuich offence, forfeit the fom

forfeit 101 ten pounds, tq b$ recovered find applied as hereinafter is directed.

Either buyer X. Provided always, and be it exuded, Thaf if either tbp or feller may buyer or feller of any fuch cover, wrapper, or label, (hallin-tbe°other a«nd *orlnngsinft the other party concerned in buying or felling fuch be himfelf in- cover, wrapper, or label, the party fo offending (hall be ad-demnified. mined to give evidence againft the party informed againft, and (hall be indemnified from the penalties by him of fter incurred.

PertHfit conn- XI. And be it further enaded* That if any perfon (hall forfeiting	counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged,

mark*to	^ feal, damp, or mark, directed pr allowed \o be ufed by

foflFW death	this ad, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the jmpreffion of the

as felons.	fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-

1	ccflbrs of any of the faid duties; or (hall privately or fraudu-

lently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, direded or allqwed to be ufed by this*ad, with intent to defraud h{s Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid dpties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffpr death as in cafes qf felony, without benefit of clergy.	•

Penalties bow XII. And be it further enaded, That all pecuniary penalrief to be divided, hereby impofed /hall be divided and diftributed in manner Allowing; that is to fay, one moiety thereof (hall be paid to bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods qf fuit, to fuch perfon and perfons as (hail inform and fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts at JVeJlminjlery for offences committed in Englaniy Walesy or Berwick upon Tweedy and in his Majefty’s court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotlandy for offences committed there, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

wherein

b

Digitized by v^ooQle

1783.] Anno vicefirao ratio GeoRGII III; C.63.	319

'wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the feveral rates and Darin to be duties herein-before granted dull be paid from time to time paid to the into the hands of the receiver general for the time b?ing of the

duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall jLmp dotics, keep a feparare and diftinCt account of the feveral rates and du- and by him ties, and pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, paid into the and accounting for the fame, bring deducted) into the receipt tt>-h*‘luer* of the exchequer, for the ufes and purpofes in this aCt mentioned, at fuch time and in fuch manner as any former duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That there (hall be. pro- Auditor t» vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of keep a ftp*-exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing

from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered disparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatsoever j and the faid money, Application fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, ot the duties, together with fuch other rates and duties as (hall be granted by any ad or aCU of this feffion of parliament for this porpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fbch other charges and expenees as are directed to be paid and -payable purfuant to an aft of this ptefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An all fir rai/tug a	certain	famif montj way ef annui-

ties, and for eftabBJhiag a htttry.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon or per- Perfons (bed font (hall at any time be fued, aaolefted, or profecuted, for any for executing thine by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a&,

or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch pef-	iffoe,

(on and perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give	*

the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if and flsaU be

upon the trial a verdidi (hall pafs for the defendant or defend-

ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfoited, then tre“e<gft** '

fucb defendant or defendants (hall have treble colts awarded to

him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIIl.

An all for granting to his Majejly an additional duty upon Jlagt coaches,and other carriage: therein mentioned.

1

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affetnbied, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expenees, do humbly prefent your Majefty with the free gift of the further rate herein-after mentioned; and do

Y 4	befeech

if

Digitized by Google

Ana* vicefimo tprtio Georoii III. c. 63. £1783.

ttefepch your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ■ in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of . From Aug. t? the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one *783, the thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, there (halt be raifed, ^vicd» .collefted, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great to be paid to Britain, untq and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and his Majefty; lucceflbr*, the additional rate aqd duty following; {that is VIZ-	tQ fay,)	.	.	.	*

For every Every four-wheeled chaife, or other machine commonly callage coach, ed A Diligenceor Poft-coach, and every coach, berlin, landau, four-wheeled chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with machin?, em- four wheels, or other machine,* by what name foever the lame ployed in car- now is or hereafter (hall be called or known, to be employed as rying paflen- pUblick ftage coachqs or carriages, ' for the purpofe of conveying one'h^tMnny PaGcngers f°r hire, to and from one place to another in the for every mile kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be charged with an additional fucb carnage duly of one halfpenny for every mile fuch carriages (hall travel, fliflj travc|. t0 ^ paid ^ the owners thereof. v	*

To be under the manage-inent of corn-miffi oners for damps.

II.	And be it further ensued. That, for the better and more

effectual levying aqd collecting the faid additional duty hereinbefore granted, the fafcne (halhbe under the government, care, and management of the coromiflioners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, am hereby required to do all filings neceflary to be done for putting this aft into execution, in as ample a manner as they are authorized to put into execution any law concerning (tamped vellum, parchment, aqd paper. . ;	*•' ‘

III.	And be it further enadted, That all powers, provifions, d%.butio.tof articles, claufes, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and forfeitures,n other matters and things preferibed or appointed by an aft &c.‘appointed made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prfefent Majefty, by to Geo. 3. intituled, 4* for repealing an aft, made in the nineteenth year of

the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all per-fons letting horfes to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties oh all 'horfes let to hire for the pqrpqfes of travelling poft, and by time; and'upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for grafting offer duties in lieu thereof j lhall be of full force and effect, with relation to the raies and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raifmg, levying, collecting, and fecuring the faid additional rate and duty hereby impofed, according tf> the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feyerally and refpeftively beeti hereby enafted with relation to the (kid additional rate and duty heteby impofed,

IV.	Ant]

AH pbwers.

p. 51. (halt be in force vtitb relation to flusaft.

Digitized by L^ooQle

i

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. C. 64.	321

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid additional rate Th* duty to and duty herein-before granted, (hall be paid, from time to ** tothe time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (tamp duties, (hall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the faid additional and by him duty, and pay thi fame (the neceflary charges of railing, pay- P^d into the ing, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the re- cxc c^ucff Zreipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid$ and in the office of the auditor Auditor to of the faid receipt, there (hall be provided and kept a book or enter the books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duty, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate mo®^ oth€r and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the Application faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as afore- thereof, faid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are direfted to be paid and payable by an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifmg a certain fum of money by way of an» nuities, and for ejlablifhing a lottery.

CAP. LXIV,

An aft for taking away fiom the commifftoners of excife, in England and Scotland, the power of compounding with perfons making malt not to fell, but to be confumed in their own private families.

Wr H E R E A S By the feveralftatutes now in force for impojing Preamble.

duties upon all malt made in Great Britain, the commifftoners of excife, or other perfons by them refpeflively appointed for that pur~ pofe, are authorized to compound and agree with fuch perfons as Jhall make malt not to fell or make profit thereof \ but to be confumed in their own private families onlyy at a certain rate or payment for every hiaiy' which, at any time or times, during the continuance of ftub compofitionf Jhall be of the family of fuch perfons refpeftivelyy as in and by the faidJlatutes is particularly directed and required: and Whereas great frauds have been, and are now frequently praflifed by means of fuch compoftiom, and great quantities of malt have been privately fold and dijpefed of by ftub compounders, to the manifejl injury of the revenuel and of the fair trader \ for remedy thereof, be it enabled by tne King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augufly From Aug. 1, one thoufarid feven hundred and eighty-three, all the powers *783. all com* and authority to the commifiioners of excife, or other perfons, pojjdons, for by all or any of the faid ads, given to compound and agree	1

with any perfo'n or perfons for the duties on malt by any fuch families, (hail {lerfons made or td be made, (hall ceafe and determine; any ceafe. thing in any of th£ faid ftatutes, or in either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftanding.

'	II-	And

Digitized b^CjOO^lC

322

Aan* viceficno tertio Crorou ltlf c. 64. [178^.

II. And it is hereby further eni&ed by the authority afore-Compound* faid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who hath or have *rsv on or be- already made compoGtion or agreement for the duties of the lore Aug. «•>	them rcfp^ively made, or to be made, m purfuance

entnmoTan	a<^f* °* any or them, Hull, on or beifore the teoth

malt they day of Jugujl> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, were po&ffed make true and particular entries of all fuch malt as they, or any °f on Aug i, 0f them, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for them, or of 50 L and all any thcm> wcrc poflefled of on the firft day of Augujl, one fuen unenter- thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or had in his or their cd malt. cuftody or pofleffion, at the office of excife within the limits of which they (hail refpedively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and alfo all the malt of which no fuch entry (hall be made; and within fix days after he, fhe» or they, (hall have made, or ought to have made, fuch entry as afore* faid, (hall pay down for the faid malt, the feveral duties chargeable upon malt, or, in default thereof, ihall forfeit and lofe double the value of the (aid malt; and that the houfes, out* Honfet, &c. houfes, and other places belonging to fuch compounders, from of compound- and after the laid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hun-a*’ aftC r hi ^rec* an<* eighty-three, (hall, and are hereby nude liable to the ^U(urvey of furvcT °f the officers for the duties on malt, in the fame man-proper offi- ner, and under the fame rules, and under the fame fines and cprt.	penalties	for refufal, as perfons making malt for fate are liable.

IIL And whereas it may have happened, that% in purfuance of the powers by the faid before-recited Jlatutes given, the officers appointed by the commiffioners of excife for that purpoje may> Jince the twenty-third day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-threfy have made or renewed compofitions for the duties on molt with perfons applying to make or renew fuch compofitions, and the money payable for the fame may have been received by fuch officers: now, to prevent all confufion, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch compoGtions as (hall have been fo made, renewed, or agreed to be made, Gnce the laid twenty-third day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, (hall be, and are hereby declared null and void \ and all fuch fums of money as (hall have been received by the laid officers from the perfons fo making or renewing their compoGtions as aforefaid, (hall, and the fame arc hereby dire&ed and required to be returned to the perfon and perfons refpe&ively who (hall have paid the fame; any thing in the faid former adts to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penaltes, and forfeitures, in relation to the laid duties upon the malt ftock in hand, (hall be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and me* thods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by a&on of debt, bill, plaint, or informatiori, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflmnjler, or in the court of exchequer in 'Scotland refpe&ively 2 and that one moiety of every fuch fine

penalty

Compcfi'oat made or renewed Gnce June 13. IT**, to be void.

Penalties and forfntuics to be levied ind recovered, See. jm tne fame m inner as rtiote under former laws of excife.

Digitized by Google

17*3-] Anno vicefimo tertio Gborgii 111. c. 6g, 66*	313

penalty, and forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall di^ cover, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the fifth year of the rcien of bit

{>refent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the aft made in the aft feffion of parliament, intituled, * An aft for vetting the fort of 41 Senegal, and itt dependencies in the company of merchants trading “ to Africa;” and to veft at well thd faid fort and itt dependencies, as all other the Britifh forts and fctlements upon the coaft of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, eftate, and effe&s of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the laid forte, fettlcments, and their dependencies, in his Majefty: and for fecuring, attending, and improving the trade to,

Africa; and for vefting James Fort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all other the Britifh forts and fettlemeats between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for fecuring and regulating the trade to Africa.

CAP. .LXVL

Jbt	aOfir grouting it bit MajeftyJeveral	and duties nptn -

gtns, wains,torts, and	other Jutb carriages, net charged with oaf

duty under the management	ofthe ttmmijjmtrs of txcife.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Mmefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Aibjedto, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neccflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties herein-after mentioned} and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; add be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, Prom Nov. >, from and after the firft day of November, one thoufand (even 17*,»the fol-hundred and eighty-three, there (hall be raifed, levied, cojletft-ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto hi, Majefty and for the ufe of his Majefty, his neirs and fuccefTors, the feve- v«.	*

ptl rates and duties fallowing; (that is to lay,}

That every perfon who (hall keep any waggon, wain, cart. For every pr other fiich carriage, with three or four wheels, (except fuch waggon,wain, ferriages as are now charged with any duty under the manage- &e*’,it^ 5 °f ment of the commiflioners of excife,) (hall yield and pay an- alread^r '°0 pually the fum of four (hillings for every fuch waggon, wain, charged with part, or other fuch carriage as afbrefaid, which (hall be exprefled a duty) 4*. in a licence for that purpofe:	Per **"*•

And that every perfon who (hall keep any cart or other car- por cartv, fiage, with two wheels, (except fuch carriages as are now and other

charged two-wheeled

Digitized by Google

g24	'	Anno vicefimo t«rtio Ge&RGIi III. c [178$.

carriage*, charged with any duty under the management of the conunif-(**cePt tb0‘* Sorters of excife,) (hall yield and pay annually the fum of two charged) (hillings for every fuch cart or other carriage, which (hall be a>. per ann. exprefled in a licence for that purpofe.

No pci Ton to

pay for more II. Provided nevertbelefs, and be it former enacted. That

than one fuch pCrfon fl^n be obliged to pay the faid yearly fum of four

3w«f in**1"	f°T morc than one fuch carriage employed in agricul-

agncuhore turc only, nor for more than three fuch carriages employed for

only, nor any other purpofe, on which the faid duty of four (hillings is

more than hereby charged, where finch waggons, wains, or other fuch car-

other pur-** nages, are	or	for him or her, for his or her own ufc

pofe* except only, and <l>all not be ufed for the carriage of any goods, wares,

carriages em- or merct)andife, for hire, or be let out for hire.

ployed tor III. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing

jVre*	m this aft contained (hall extend, or be Con.lrucd to extend,

tocarts^or to charge with the duty hereby impofed, any cart or other car-

otbee two•	riage with two wheels, employed in agrioWture only, and not

wheeled car- employed in parks or pleafure ground, or ufed for the carriage

riages, em- Df any goods, wares, or merchandize, for hire, or let out for ployedinagn- Mre/ °

NotT* 0t[y d	always,	and	be it enacted, That nothing herein

to one horfe10 contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to carts pfit cans. with two wheels drawn by one horfe only, and employed only for the carriage qf peats or turf for fuel, and not let out for hire.

Carriages em* V. And be it enacted. That in cafe any waggon, or other ployed in car- carriage, (hall be prelTed for the purpofe of conveying any arms, rymg arms, ammunition, or other baggage, under and by virtue of any &^Ufbrfo?-n* for preventing mutiny and defertion, and for the better diers, orma- payment of the army and their quarters, or for the regulation rines, not of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (bore, and the owner cteemed woMc- {hereof (hall be paid for fuch carriage, the fame (hall not be log tor .	to	he	a	working	for	hire within the intent and meaning

pf this aft.

VI.	And% for the better and more effectual raifing, levying y collet!* ingy and payings the faid rates and duties herein before granted, be Patios to be it enacted. That the fame (hall be under the government, care, under the and management of the commiflioners for the time being ap-5a«>mrnif-nt P°*ntc<*t0 roanagc the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parch-fioners of meat, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby damp duties, required and impowered to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as (hall be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch marks or (lamps as they (hall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion j and to do all other afts, matters, and things neceflary to be done for putting this alt in execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties hereby granted, in the i	like and in as foil and ample manner as they, or the major

Digitized by CjOOQie

1783*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66•

part of them9 are authorized td put in execution any of. the laws now in being concerning (tamped velfonrt, parchment, and paper.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That all and every perfon and perfons who, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, (hall have or keep any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage hereby directed to be licenfed, for his, her, or their own life, or the ufe of any perfon of or for whom he, (he, or they, is, are, or (hall bg committees, truftees, or guardians, if living in London, Weft-minfter, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (hall, within thirty days after the faid firft day of Novembet, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he .or (he (hall begin to keep fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other fuch carriage or carriages relpeAivcly^ not being in the place or ftead of the former, give notice in writing, at the head office in London for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of the waggons, wains, carts,, or other carriages, fo by him, her, or them refpeAively kept as aforefaid, and of the parifh or place where he, (he, or they refpedlively refide; and (hall at the fame time pay down the refpe&ive annual rates and duties fo impofed as aforefaid for keeping the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every perfon and perfons who, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, (hall keep any waggon, wain, cart, of other carriage, hereby dircdlcd to be li-cenled, for his or her own ufe, or for the ufe of any perfon of or for whom he, (he, or they (hall be committees, truftees, or guardians, in any other part of Great Britain, (hall, within fixty days after the laid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he, (he, 'or they (hall begin to keep fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other fuch carriage or carriages refpeftively, not being in the place or ftead of the former, give notice in writing to the proper officer appointed by the faid commiffioners for that purpoie, redding next to the place where fuch perfon or perfons, for whofe ufe the fame (hall be fo kept, (hall refpec-tively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of (he number of the waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, fo by him or them refpeclively kept as aforefaid, and of the pa-ri(h or place where he, (he, or they refpeflively refide; and (hall at the fame time pay down the refpe&ive annual rates and duties fo impofed as aforefaid for the keeping the fame.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall give, or be obliged to give fuch notice as aforefaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times

of

32S

Perfons living in London, or within the weekly bills, (hall give^no-tice, at the ft amp-office, of the number of waggons, &C. they keeps

Perfons refid ing in any other part of Great Britain to give like notice to the proper officer in the height bourhood.

Such notice as aforefaid to be given, and payment made annually, on forfti. ture ot $ 1.

Digitized by

Google

3*6

Anno vkefimo tertio GsoROtl lit. & 65. [c783.'

of giving or belng obliged to give fucb fitft notice, to give a frefli notice in manner aforefaid, and pay down the relpc£bve annual rates and duties above mentioned, according to the num-

Not obliged to go farther than the next market town to make pay* meat, &c.

Upon pay* ment of the duties, a licence Shall be given.

her of waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, io by him, her, or them refpe&ively then kept, and in the fame manner to renew fuch notice, and make fuch payment, from year to year, as long as he, (he, or they (hall fo keep any fuch carriages j and if any perfon or perfons (hail (o keep any fuch wag-

!£on, wain, cart, or other carriage as aforefaid, without giving uch firft or other notice, and making fuch payments yearly in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (nail refpedively forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds for each offence.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fnch perfon as aforefaid (nail be compelled to travel, for the making fuch entry, or the payment of the (aid duties, or other eaufe whatfoever, touching or concerning the fame, if he or (he live in a market town, out of the faid town, or if he or (he live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town neared to his or her habitation.

£1. And be it further enailed, That, upon the payment of the faid feveral rates and duties, fo hereby granted, at the faid head office of (lamps in London., or to the refpedive officers in the country, a licence (hall be given to every perfon lb paying fuch refpedive rates and duties; which licence (hall contain the number of fuch waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, fo refpe&ively entered, the fum paid for the lame, and the time for which fuch licence (hall be granted.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all profecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, as alfo for all forfei-nrighbonring tores an^ oflences made and committed againft this ad, (hall juftice; * be heard and determined by anv juftice of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch forfeiture (hall be made, or offenca bat appeal committed; and if the party finds himfelf aggrieved by th« may be made judgement of any fuch juftice, he (hall and may appeal to the 1uarter juft ices of the peace at the next quarter feffions, who are hereby . authorized and impowered to bear and determine the fame, and their judgement therein (hall be final: and every fuch juftice is hereby authorized and ftridly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought of any for. feiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this ad, t<t fummon the party accufed, and upon his appearance, or refufa or negled to appear, to proceed to the examination of the mat* ter of fad; and upon due proof made thereof, either by tbs voluntary confefiion of the party, or by the oath of one or mors witnefs or witneffes, to give judgement thereupon, and to awan and iflue out warrants under his hand for the levying of fuel forfeiture and penalty upon the goods and chattels of the of . fender, and to eaufe tale to be made of the (aid goods and clnt tels, if they (hall not be redeemed within fourteen days, ren dering to the party the overplus, if any.

XIII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enaded, Thi

Profecadons to be determined by-*

Digitized by

Google

*783*7 -Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	327

>c (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he JoJHte may fliall fee caule, to mitigate or leflen any fuch forfeiture or pe-	pek

nalty as he (hall think fit; reafonable cofts to the officers and n*,neK informers being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo that fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above die cofts.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena<5\ed,. That no Offence* cog-

bill, plaint, or information, (hall be brought or fued forth in ?'“We by any of his Majefty’s courts of record at	,	for	any	be'profc-

offence againft this a<51, touching or concerning the duties here- cuted in the by granted for or upon any waggons, wains, or carts, in cafes court* at where fuch offences are cognisable by any juftice or juftices of VVeftminfter. the peace.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no writ Writ* of or. or writs of certiorari (hall fuperTede execution, or other proceed- not to ings, upon any order or orders made in purfuance of this aft 5

but execution and other proceedings (hall and may be had and <jer t|,g made thereupon, any fuch writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

XVI.	- And it is hereby further enafted. That all forfeitures Diftribotiou and penalties mentioned in this aft (ail neceffary charges for of fortriams. the recovery thereof being firft deduftedj (hall be divided and diftributed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Ma-

jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fetch perfon and perfons who (hall inform an&iue for the fame.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in Claufe rela-every cafe, where the duty or duties required by this aft to be tive to pay-paid by any perfon chargeable with the fame, (hall be paid, and

entry made as aforefaid, before any information laid of fuch f^g entry?* ‘ entry or payment not having been made, although not ftriftly within the time for that purpofe mentioned, no perfon having made fetch payment and entry (hail be profecuted for not having made fetch payment and entry within the time limited by this aft.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if If any perfon any perfon, having made dye entry and payment of the duty h»vi"8

for any waggon, wain, cart, or other carnage, required by this *{?*	11"

aft to be uoenfed, according to the true intent and meaning eD<| 0f the thereof, (hall die before the end of the year for which fuch en- year, tbe be-try and payment (hall be made; in every fuch cafe it (hall be nefitof hi* lawful for any perfon, claiming title to every fuch waggon, wain,	by

cart, or other carriage, by, from, or under fuch deceafed per- hi* reprtfen-fon, to make ufe of fetch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, tadve. for or in refpeft whereof fuch entry and duty (hall have been made and paid as aforefaid, during the refidue of the year for which fuch payment (hall have been made, in like manner as fitch deceafed perfon might have done if living.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral rates and Untie* to be duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time,.P**d fo the into the hands of tbe receiver-general for the time being of the

duties

Digitized by Google

3*8

ftamp-d utles, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Perfon* fued in execution of this aft, may plead the general iflue,

and (ball be intitled io treble cods.

Preamble.

*

From 06V. i. 1783. the following duty to be paid to hit Majefty; ▼iz.

Anno vieefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6j. [1783.

duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who (hall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the faid feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, arid accounting for the fame, being firrt dedu&ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch maimer, as the duties now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever j and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are di-re&ed to be paid and payable by an adl of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, AH aft for raifing a curtain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftablijhing a lottery.)

XX. And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or per-fons (hall, at any time or times, be died, molefted, or profecut-ed for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a&, or of any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general iftue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defend* ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for granting to bis Majejly a flamp-duty on the regiftry of burials, marriages, births, and cbrijlemngs*

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing fuch fupplies as are neceffary to defray your Ma-jefty’s publick expences, do humbly prefent your Majefty with the grant of the new duty herein-after mentioned; and do be-feech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadVed by the king’s mod excellent Majefty, by arid with the a'dvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, there (hall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the new duty following; (that is to

fayO	TT

Updn

- Digitized by v^»ooQle

1784.] Anno vicefimd tertio Georgii III, c. 67.

329

Upon the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chriften- Upon the citing, m tbe regifter ortny parifh, precindt, or place in Great u*y?f every Britain, a ftamp-duty of three-pence.	riage1 &c<14

II.	And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more The duty to effc&uai levying and collecting the faid duty herein-before be under ihe granted, the fame fhall be under the government, care, and ‘Management management, of the commiffioners for the time Ipeing appointed miffionerTof to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, ftamp*. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary, and to provide and ufe fiich

ftatnps, to denote the faid duty, as fhall be requifite in that behalf; and to do all pther things neceffary to be done for putting this aCt in execution, with relation to the faid duty herein-be-fore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized tp put in execution any former law1 concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	And be it further enaCted', That every parfon, vicar, or Penalty on curate, or other perfon having authority to make entries of^o^Un-burrals, fctarriages, births, or chriftenings, who (hall, from and ter any burial, after the ftrft day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and marriage, &c. cighty-three, enter any burial, marriage, birth, or chriftening, on unftamped m the regifter For any parifh, precihift, or place, in Great Bri- PaPer*

tain, before the pardhmenr, velltfm, or paper, on which the entry of fuch regifter fhall be made, (hall have been duly ftamped, as by this a£t is dire&ed, every fuch parfon, vicar, curate, or other perfon, (haH, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

IV.	And be it further cnadled, That every parfon, vicar, Parfons, kc.

curate, or other perfon having authority to make the entry or impowered to any burial, marriage, birth, or chriftening, is hereby vefted	un-

Vritb full power and authority, previous to the making thereof dc,taker, or" m the regifter of any parifh, precinft, of place in Great Britain, perrons mar-to demand and receive from the undertaker, or other perfon em- ned, &c. ployed in and about the funeral of any perfon fo to be buried,

or from the parties married, or from the parent of the child whofe birth or chriftening is regiftered, or other perfon requiring the chriftening of fuch child, the fum of three-pence: and ^ ^ thfy ifluch undertaker, or other perfon, fo employed in and about retufe to pay fbch funeral, or if the parties fo married, or the parent of the fame, they or other perfon bringing the child, whofe birth or chriftening (bail torteit 5I. fhall be fo required to be regiftered, fhall negleft or refufe, on demand, to pay the faid duty, he, (lie, or they (hall, for every . fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds. *

V.	And be it further enadted, That the churchwardens and Churchward-bverfeers of every parifh, or one of them, (hall, from time to eni, &c. to time, as occafion mail require, provide one or more book or provide book* books for the regiftering of burials, marriages, births, and

VqUXXXIY.j '	£	chriftenings,	p

f	Digitized by

3*0

entering burials, marii-agei, See,

Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGH III. C.67.	[1783*

chrifienings, with fuch (lamps for each entry to be made therein, as by this alt is required; and (hall pay for fuch boolc or books, and the (lamps to be contained therein, out of the rates under t^eir or his management, and (hall, from time to time9 receive back the money, which (hall be fo paid, from the per-fon authorized by this a (SI to demand and receive the duty hereby impofed, on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chriftening; and in the cafe of extraparochial places, fuch book or books, with fuch (lamps as aforefaid, (hall be provided, from time to time, by the perfon whpfe duty it (hall be to make entries of burials, marriages, births, and chriftenings.

Entry may be VI. ‘Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no made without parfon, vicar, curate, or other perfon, (hall be fubjedl to any any	the penalties or forfeitures in this all mentioned, for entering,

three"commif* or cauGng t0 be entered^any burial, marriage, birth, orchriften-fumers&c. ing, in any parifh regifter, without any marks or (lamps ;here-on inipedtion on, where a licence, under the hands of three of the com-

payjng tne 3rnou.1t of duties.

midioners for the time being appointed to put this zA in execution, or fome officer or officers by them impowered, (hall have been granted, fignifying. their or his leave or approbation that the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chnf-tening, to be written in fuch regifter may be therein writtefi without any marks or (lamps thereof; fo as the perfon or pet Tons, having the cuftody of fuch regifter, do, from time to tim^, when and as often as he or they mall be thereto required, permit the (aid commjffioners, or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpofe appointed, to infpell and view fuch regifter; and do alfo, from time to time, wlien and as often as he or they (hall be thereto required by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them. Or any other by them, or the major pan of them, authorized, pay unto the receiver*general for the time being of the faid duties, or fuch other officer or perfon as the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall appoint to receive the fame, all fuch fum and fums of money which, according to the true intent and meaning of this alt, ought to be paid in refpelt of all and every fuch entry and entries as (hall be written in fuch regifter; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

Not to extend VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enalted. That nothing

to burials, &c. herein contained (hall extend to charge the entry in any pari(h from any bo(	^c »u&	^c	«n •■>!*<. a«m1i

pitai, See.

JBut to exteid to quakcis.

regifter of the burial of any perfon who (hall be buried from any workhoufe or hofpital, or at the foie expence of any charityi nor the entry in any parifh regifter of the birth or chriftening of any child whofe parents (hall receive, at the time of the birth or chriftening of fuch child, any pari(h relief.

VIII. Provided always and be it further enalled. That the provifions of this all, with refpelt to the regifter of births, burials, and marriages, (hall extend to the people called 4}uaken\ and that the regifters of births, burials, and marriages, now kept by them, (hall be fubjell and liable to the ftamp-duties hereby impofed upon the regifters of births, burials, manages.

Google ' *

Digitized by *

Anno Vicefimo tertid GeorcJii III. c. 67.'

and chriftenings; any thing herein, or in atiy other law, corl-tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

, IX, And be it further enaded, That the faid receiver-general of the damp-duties at the head office, and the head diftributors of {lamped vellum, parchment* and paper, or other perfon 6r perfons duly appointed by the major part of the faid commif-fioners of ftamp-duties to receive the duty by this ad impofed, {hall make an allowance to every parfon, vicar, curate, or othir period receiving the faid duty, as a recompence for his trouble in accounting for the fame, at and after the rate of two (hillings in the pound, oat of the monies by them regularly accounted for, and paid to fuch receiver-general or head diftributor, or fach other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, according to the dire&ions herein-before contained,

X.	And be it further enaded, That all profecutloris for recovery of the duties hereby granted, as alfo tor all forfeitures and offences made and committed agaiftft this alt; (hall be heard and determined by any juftice of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch forfeiture (hall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himfelf aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch jullice, he (hall and may appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter feflions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the fame, and their judgement therein (hall be final: and every fuch juftige is hereby authorized, and ftridly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought for any forfeiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this ad, to fummon the party accufed, and upon his appearance* or refufal or nttled to appear* to proceed to the examination of thfe matter of Fad; and upon due proof made thereof* either by tht voluntary confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, to give judgement thereupon, and to award and iffue out warrants under his hand for the levying fuch forfeiture or penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to caufe (ale to be made of the faid goods and chattels, if they (hall not be redeemed within fourteen days* rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate or leflen any fuch forfeiture, or penalty as he (hall think fit, reafonable cods to the officers arid informers being always allowed over and aboVe fulh mitigation, and fo that fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to left than a moiety of the penalties incurred* over and above the cods.

XII.	And it is hereby further enaded. That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this ad (all neceiTary charges Jfor the recovery thereof being firft deduded) (hall be divided and diftributed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Ma-

his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch verfon and perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

2)	XIII.	And

33*

An Mlowaitte of 1 s, in the pound td be made to pat-fons. See. tor their trouble.

Profeeutiottt for recovery of ddtie*, &c» to be determined by a neighbouring juflice; but appeal ntty be made to thequartte* fefiion*.

jutticb may mitigate pc* naltiea.

Diftribiition of penaluci.

Receiver* of the duties not difqualified as voters*

'Duties to be paid to the receiver general of ftamp-duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Perfons fued in execution of this aft, may plead the general iffue,

and fhall bp entitled to treble cofts.

Anno vlcefimo tertto Georgii 111. c. 68.	£	1783.

XIII.	And he it further enabled, That no perfon employed by virtue of this aft in receiving or accounting for the duties hereby impofed, (hall, merely in refpeft of this aft, be difqualified from voting at any eleftion or eleftions of members to ferve in parliament: any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further etTafted, That the duties herein-be-fore granted (hall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the duties, and pay the fame (the neceffiiry charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, bong dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, .parchment, and paperi,'rhre directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies anting from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid; (ball be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or foccefibrs, upon any account whatfoever: and the faid mortey, fo to be paid into the bid receipt of exchequer as aforefcid, fhall be a fund for the payment of the fcveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to to aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An *8 for raifing a certain fum of Money by way of annuities, and fir eflabtifi-ing a lottery.

v XV. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profccuted, for any tiling by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of *ny claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons^ and bodies politick or corporate, (hail or may plead the general Hfiie, sfnd give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift '(hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuhed, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LXVIII.

An aft for appointing and enabling commiffioners farther to examine, take, and (rate the publick accounts of tbe kingdom.

•o Geo. 5. c. 54. recited, si Geo. *. c. 45. 11 Qto. 5. c. 50. Thomas Angui/h, Arthur Ptggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beacbcroft, George Drummond, and William Roe, efauires, or any three of them comrau-(ioners appointed to examine and Itate the publick accounts of the king' dom. The recited afts to continue in force after July is, 178}. No com-miffianer to hold a civil office of profit during pleafure under his Majefty. Any three of the commiffioncrs to be fvrora before the chanccbar of the exchequer, &c. The oath.

Digitized by

Google

I A.i

. ?7®3*il An^o vicefimo terdo Georgii III. q. 69.	333.

I A. B. do fwear, That, according to the beft of my (kill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the feveral power* and trufts veiled in me by an aft, intituled. An aft for appoint* ing and enabling commiffioners further to examine, take, and ttato the pnblick accounts of the kingdom} according the tenor and purport of the faid aft. *	T

/

The faid three commidionert to adminder the oath to the reft. Lords of the treafury may pay 1,000!. to the order of the commidioners. Application thereof for payment of clerks, meifengers, and ocher officers, and in defraying all ocher neceflary charges, as the commidioners (hall appoint* Executors of accountants to attend commidioners and execute their .orders. Continuance of this aft, one year from July u, 17S3, and no longer.

CAP. LXIX.

Am aft U matte the adjutant general of his Majejlfs forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pojlage.

WHEREAS by an at1, made in the fourth year of the reign ^Preamble.

bisprefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for preventing frauds Recjtaj 0f and -abufes in relation to the fending ands receiving of letters 4 Geo. j. and packets free from the duty of poftage,) it is enabled, That, c. 14. from qnd after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four, fo long as the revenue ariftng in the general Utter office, or p oft-office, or office of pojl- mafter general, /ball continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters of packets fent by the pojl to or from any place wbatjoever, Jhall be exempted from paying the duty of poftage, except fuch Utters and packets as are therein particularly ✓ excepted: and whereas the privilege offending and receiving Utters and packets, free from the duty of poftage, is not, by the faid ad, extended to the adjutant general of his Majejly's forces for the time . being, nor to the comptrollers of army accounts for the time being, who, by virtue of their refpeflive offices, necejfarily fend and receive many Utters and packets relating to the publick concerns of tbefe kingdoms ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-afted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by smd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the Adjutant ge-

!>afling of this aft, the faid adjutant general of his Majefty’s nera,»an^ orces for the time being, and the comptrollers of army ac- Qf^P^y ac-* ' counts for the time being, ftiall and may fend and receive counts.may letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the fame fend and remanner, and under fuch reftriftions, as other officers men- ceive letters tioned in the faid aft are thereby permitted, in refpeft offrc5f^n' their offices, to fend and receive the fame in purfuance of the ^ *

, faid aft.	\

5*3

Digitized by

Google

CAP,

Anno vlccfimo tertio Georgii 111. f. jq.	[1783;

CAP. LXX.

Jn aft for the more effeffual preyenting the illegal importation of foreign fpirits, and Jor putting a fop to the private djfiillation of Britifh made fpirituous liquors9, for explaining fueb part of tbm

aft, impoftng a duty upon male fervants, as relates to the, right mf

................ ' ~

appeal from the jujlices of the peace % to amend and reftify a m) take in an aft of the laji fefftcn of parliament, with refpeft to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof ; and for preventing vexati^s aftions againjl officers of excife effting in purfudnce of the authority given by excije Jlatutes.

^rc*u>bly.

WHEREAS the illegal importation of greatly promoted by fiftitious entries of fto

foreign fpirits is f Jlorehoufes and other places for keeping fucb liquors, made by evil-minded and indigent per-Jibs: for remedy thereof, be it enadted by the King’s rtidft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of tbe lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Fromffept. *9. aflqmbled, ancl.by the authority of the fame, That, from and k783.no deal- after the twenty-ninth day ot September, one thoufand feven SaS* hundred and eighty-three, no feller, of, or dealer fr, Foreign quort, within fpirituous liquors, yeflding within the limits of the head othce toe limits of of excife in London, (not being a retailer therepf duly licenfcd the excife of- thereunto,) frail be permitted ,to make entry of any wardioufe.

fnga^icenftd ft°reh°Mfe.% room, (hop, pellar, vault, or other place, by him.

retailer,) (hall her, or them* tended to be made ufe of for the keeping of make eptry of foreign brandy, ^rrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong waters, unlefs any ware-	fuch feller or dealer, at the tifoe of making fuch entry, (hall oc-

keepin	cuPy anc* 'nhabh a tenement Qr tenements of the yearly value

ftignlpiHts, Pf twelve pounds, or upwards, and fc^r which he, (he, (or they, 1	1 L partners,) (hall be affefled in his, her, of their own name or

Staines^ and (hall alfo pay to the parifr rates ; and that no fuch feller or dealer, refiding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, (hall be permitted to make any fuch entry, unlefs fuch feller or dealer (hall be affefled and ether part of pay to church and poor in the feveral parifces and places in the kingdom, which tlfey frail refpedtively refute; and that no entry of any to chu^ and warcboufe, ^orehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, *	for keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong

unlefs he be affefled for a tenement of sal. per ann, See.

Dor in any

• H'

Waters, already made or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, (hail ^>e of any avail lo any fuch feller or dealer (not being a retailer of fpirituous liquors, and dulyjicenfed thereto) not fo qualified, or for any longer term than fuch feller or dealer, fa making fuch entry, (hall be qualified as aforefaid j and every pqrfon fnot being frch'fetaiJer Ijceqfed as aforefaid) felling of or dealing in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong waters, not qualified as aforefaid, (hall, notwithftanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be fellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, and |lrp'og waters, without entry* : 2nd (hall be fubjedt to the

y Google

Digitized by *

335

x £83.] Anno vicelimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 70.

like penalties and forfeitures as fellers of and dealers in brandy,

arrack, rum, fpirits, and ftrong waters, without entry, are,

toy the ftatiites in fuch cafe made and provided, now fubjedt	,

unto.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, tgr(J,^0^i ^ wvhere any entry (hall be made, by any feller of or dealer in the fame brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong waters, of any ware- houfe for houfe, ftorehoufc, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other plaee, heepmg of for the keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or rorcl*p ftrong waters, no other feller or dealer in fuch fpirituous liquors, (not being a joint trader or partner with fuch feller or dealer,) however qualified, (hall, on any pretence whatfoever, make entry of the fame, or of any other warehoufe, ftorehoufc, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place whatfoever, within the fame houfe or tenement in which the entry of any fuch other feller or dealer (hall then be exifting; but/every fuch feller or dealer making fuch further entry of the fame, or any other fach warehoufe, ftorehoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in fuct\ fame houfe or tenement, (hall, notwithftanding fuch further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed^ and taken to be a feller of and dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, and ftrong waters, without entry, and (hall be fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures as fellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, and ftrong waters, without eniry, are now fubjedt unto.

III.	Andy the better to prevent foreign fpirituous liquors, that have been illegally imported into this kingdom, from being removed from the tea coajls into the flocks of entered dealers in thofe commodi-tiesy and of others, be it tnadted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, Directions re* no feller of or dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or jative to tak-ftrong waters, (hall be allowed to take out more than one per-mit in one and the fame day to any one perfon whatfoever, ™oviog fo-(except, as herein-after is excepted,) which permit (hall be reign (pints, granted for the removal of no more than one cafk, or other package, containing any foreign fpirituous liquors of one kind, or fpecies; and if any more than one cask, or other package, of foreign fpirituous liquors of one kind or fpecies at oYie time, diredted to one and the fame perfon, (or perfons, where there are two or more in joint trade or partnerfhip, except as hereinafter is excepted,) (hall be found removed or carried, or re-* moving or carrying, from one place in this kingdom to any > other place, whether with or without permit, the fame, together with the veffels and boats, and the horfes and other cattle.

and the carriages employed in removing or carrying the fame,

(hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be i'eized by any offifcr or officers of excife.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho-riry aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any dealer in foreign fpirituous liquors from taking ukcu out and

Z 4	out

1	Google

3j6	Anno	vlcefimo	tertio	Georqii	111. c.70. [1 ?8 3.

tasks fent the but two or more permits, and, by virtue thereof, fending two -fame day, fo or more casks, or other packages, containing foreign fpiritiaou* as each cask jiqUors cf the fame kind and fpceies, to the feme perfon, m the

a different ^ ^ame daY» fo as cac^ and cvc,7 cas^ or Packagc permit, See! tively (hall be fent under different permits* and by different conveyances.

Mot to pre- V. Provided alfo, and be it further enadked, That nothing vent dealers herein-before contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any feUcr fending with of or dealer in foreign (pirituous liquors, from fending with one &c a^num* the k®c P*1111** by onc the ^a8fte conveyance^ any ber of calks** number of casks with any kind of foreign fpirituous liquors of 60 gallons therein, each fuch cafe then containing fifcty gallons, oc ap* each, &c. wards, of foreign fpirituous liquors of one and the feme kind or fpccies.

Foreign fpi- VI. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefead,

1 f1 thSk# ^hat if any foreign fpirituous liquors (not being in calks contaio-60 gallons? iug fixty gallons, or upwards,) (hall be found removing or car-found remov- rying from any one part of this kingdom to any other pari there-ing at any of, unlefs at fuch times as herein-aftcr mentioned; that is ao umc conu-ary fay^ from tjie twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth lhall b/tor- day °f March, yearly, between the hours of feren m the marn-feited, with ing and five in the evening; and from the twenty-fifth day of the cattle and March to the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, between carriages. the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening, (except the feme is carrying by a known common ftage coach, waggon, or other ftage carriage, which ufuilly travels out of thofe. hours,) all the feid foreign fpirituous liquors, and the package containing the fame, whether the feme be accompanied with or without a permit, and all the cattle and carriages made ufe of in the removing or conveying the feme, (ball he forfeited, and fhaU and may be feized by any officer or officers ofexcife.	*

Particulars to VII. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefeid, be fpecified in That, from and after the feid twenty^ninth day of September* requeft notes when any felkr of or dealer in foreign fpirituous liquors* (hall or permits. fencj a re(jueft note any pCrmit writer, requiring any permit or permits for the removal of any foreign (ptrhuous liquors from his own ftock into the (lock of any other perfoo or per-fons, every fuch feller^nd dealer (hall, and he is hereby required and directed to fpecify, in every fuch requeft note, as woll the quality or kind of foreign fpirituous liquors, intended to be ’ removed with each permit, as alfo the contents of the calk or other package containing the fame, and likewife whether the fame is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance the feid cafe, bottle, or other package retpec-tively, is intended to be fent; and if any feller of or dealer in foreign fpirituous liquors, (hall neglect or refufe to fpecify, in every fuch requeft note, either the quality of the fpirituous liquors intended to be removed, or the contents of the cafe, bottle, or other package.containing the feme; or by what carriage, or mode of conveyance, the feme is intended to be fent,

every

Digitized by LaOOQle

7®3*] Anno vicefimo tcrtio Gboroii III. c. 70. '	337

very fuch requeft note and notes (hall be null and void ; not hall any permit or permits be granted by any officer or permit writer thereon.

VIII.	And whereas,	for tbe bitter Securing the duties chargeable

span txtijeable commodities ,the dealers therein are, Jla-\utes new in farce, required to take out permits from the proper tfjkert of etutfe, certifying that thofe duties have been paid, which permits are to accompany Juch commodities when removing from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof: and whereas great frauds have been committed by forging permits in imitation of tbofa granted by fuch officers, and the penalties already provided to prevent (sub forgeries are not Sufficient to fiepprtfs Jo great an ; for the more effeAoud preventing fuch	praflices, fo mamfeftly tending

to the min of the far trader, and to the diminution of fo material a branch of the revenue of this kingdom, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That tbe refpe&ive comraiffiencrs of excifc Commiflion* in England and Scotland (hall, on or before tbe (aid twenty- crsforEng-ninth day of September, provide, fit caufe to be provided, land and Scot* moulds or frames for the making of paper to be ufcd for per- land, on orbe-tnks, which paper (hall have the words Excife office v&ble in toPpro?* the fabtaoce of fuch paper j and (hall alto provide, or caufe vide mould* to be provided*, one or more plate or plates, engraved with for making of certain marks, tamps, and devices, in manner as to them P*^to^ • (hall fieem meet, (which marks, tamps, and devices, on tbe &«. " (aid plates. Or any of them, may from time to time be varied * * or altered in fitch manner, and as often as the faid cotnmif-ftoncra for the time being rcfpe&ively (hall think necefiary), for the printing, tamping, and marking the faid paper: and all permits from •thenceforth to be given or granted, by the re-fpe&ive officers for the feveral duties of excife and inland duties, for tbe removal of any excifeable commodity, (hall be printed, tamped, and marked by the faid plate or plates on paper fo made, with the words Excife office vidbie in the fubftance thereof ; which faid paper (hall be made, and the faid plate or plates (hall be engraven, by fuch perlbo and perfbns refpefUvely as are now, or hereafter (hall be, appointed by the faid commif-doners of excife,, or the major part of them, from time to time, under their refpedive hands and (cals, for thofe purposes ; and as well the faid paper fb made, as alfo the faid plate or plates b engraved as aforefaid, (hall be kept by fuch officer or officers as (hall from time to time be appointed by the faid comukiffioners, or the major part of themj-efpe&ively, for keeping the fame: and the officer or officers to be appoint- \0 permit* to ed for printing permits, (hall not print, (lamp, or mark any be granted on paper whereon any permit or permits (hall be given or granted anY other p»-for the removal of any excifeable commodity, but on the P*r’ paper fo provided as aforefaid, and having the words ExAft office vifible in the fubftance of fuch paper.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, All perrons from apd after the faid twenty-ninth day of	,	if any who (hall

perfon or perfbns whatfocyer (not being authorized by the re- m#J^an^

Digitized by

Google

fpeftivc

33*

for nuking fuch piper at tfortuid.

or affift in nuking fuch piper. See.

wikis appointed by the commif-fioners of excife.

flull fuffer death at felons.

Perfons counterfeiting permits.

or giving or receiving any falfe permit.

or altering

any granted by the proper officer,

ffiall foifeit

500I.

Anno vicelimo tertio GeoRGH III. C. 70. [17S3-

fpe&ive commiffioners of excite* in England and Scotland ter do) (hall make, or eaufe or procure to be made, or (hall knowingly aid or affift in the making, or without being authorized or appointed as aforefaid, (hall knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion,' without lawful excufe, (the proof whereof (hall lie on the perfon accufed), any frame, mould, or inflrument, for the making of paper with the words Exafe office vifible in the fubftance of fuch paper; or (hall make, or eaufe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or aflift in the making, any paper, in the fubftance of which the words Excife office (nail be vifible; or if anv perfon (except as before excepted) (hall, by arty art, myftery, or contrivance, eaufe or procure the faid words Excife office to appear vifible in the fubftance of any paper whatever; or if any perfon or perfont whatever (not being appointed as aforefaid) (hall engrave, caft, cut, or make, or (hall eaufe or procure to be engraven, caft, cut, or made, any plate or plates, or otheV thing, with any mark, ftamp, or device thereort, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, ftanhp, or device, made and ufed by the direction of the faid commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, re-fpedively, in manner as aforefaid, for the purpofe of printing, ftamping, and marking of the paper to be ufed for a permit or permits, to accompany any excifeable commodity or commodities removing or removed from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, in purfuance of the dire&ions of the feveral ftatutes requiring fuch permit; every perfon fo offending, in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall, for fuch offence, be deemed and adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further ena<5Ved by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September* if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall counterfeit or forge, or eaufe to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal of any excifeable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by any a<ft or a&s of parliament now in force required ; or if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue permit, or (hall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falfe or untrue permit with any fuch excifeable commodity to be removed* or removed as aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently alter or crafe any permit, after the fame (hall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excife; or if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly or willingly publilh or make ufe of any fuch permit fo counterfeited, forged, falfe, untrue, altered, or erafed; every perfon fo offending (hall (in lieu of any former penalty), for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the lum of five hundred pounds; which forfeiture (hall and miy be profecutcd in any of his majelly's conns

Digitized by

Google

i y83.] Anno viccfimo tcrtio Georgii III: c. 70.	'	339

of record at Wejlminfter9 or in the court of exchequer in Scotland*

XI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September 9 Penalty on if any officer of excife or other inland duties, (hall deliver out, .officer* or fuffcr to be delivered out, any paper having the words Mpar^^perL Excife office vifible in the fubftance thereof, either before or mitsimprol after the (lamp or mark, fo to be provided as aforefaid, (hall perly, be printed thereon, or before the fame (hall be filled up, agreeable to the requeft note brought from any trader, for the pur-pofe of having a permit for the removal of fome excifeable commodity; or if any fuch officer (hall knowingly give Qr or granting grant any falfe or untrue permit, or (hall make any talfe or faifeperinit* untrue entry in the counterpart or counterparts of any per- &c, mit or permits, by him given or granted for the removal of any excifeable commodity from the (lock of any dealer therein ; or (hall knowingly and willingly receive or take any excifeable commodity whomever into the (lock of any fuch dealer, brought in with any falfe, forged, or untrue permit, or (hall knowingly permit or fuffer the fame to be done, dire&ly or indiredly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the feveral ftatutes in luch cafe made and provided, every fuch officer fo offending being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported, in like manner as other felons are directed to be tranfported, by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding feven years.

XIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That upon every adlion, bill, plaint, or information, entered Upon every or filed in any of his Majefty’s courts pf record at Wejlminjiery a&ion en-or court of exchequer in Scotland, for'the faid penalty of five tcrcd irl anP hundred pounds, a capias in the firft procefs (hall and may *a°t ifiue, fpecifying the faid penalty; and the defendant or defend- minder,&c* ants (hall be obliged to give fufficient bail, by natural-bom for the pe-fubjeds, perfons naturalized, or denizens, to the perfon or n*hy 5®°Jj perfons to whom fuch capias (hall be directed, to appear in the court out of which fuch capias (hall iffue, at the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution; and	to

(hall likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient gjvc bail for bail or fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, his tppear-to anfwer and pay the faid forfeiture of five hundred pounds, *nce» a»»dalfo in cafe he or they (hall be convi&ed thereof, or to yield his,	Pc*

her, or their bodies to prifon.	**

XIII.	jfnd whereas, notwith/landing the many laws already made to prevent the private dijlillation of low wines and of fpirits9 evil-minded perfons do privately make fpirits \ now for the better defining fuch perfons, be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, From Sep. 19, in cafe any officer or officers of excife (hall know, or have i78j»ifany caufe to fufpedl, that any private or concealed dill, back, or officer fhall other veflel, fpirits, low wines, wafh, or other materials, toy

[ tized by

Iepreparing private ftill,

340

&c. within the limits of the head office, and make oath thereof before a justice, or the comnuffioa* «rs;

or in any other pait of Great Britain, and (hall make oath thereof before a juf-tice of the county, ScCm

the faid com-snUfioners or jufticet may grant a (pedal warrant to break open fnch fu I petted houfe, and to feize fuch Kills, fpirits. See.

and if not claimed, by * the owner, within ten dayt, the fame fhatt be forfeited, and the proprietor, Sec. (hall pay 200I. for every fuch place, and Kill, See. found therein.

Penalty on obltru Cling officers in Seizing private tills, See.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III, C« 70^	[1783,

preparing for diftillation, are fet up or kept in any houfe or place; then, and in fuch cafe, if fuch houfe or place (hall be within the limits of the chief office of excife* upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before one or more juftice*or juftice* of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, where fuch houfe or place (hall be, or before the commiuionets of excife, or any two or more of them; or* in cafe the fame (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon path made by fuch officer or officers, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, diviCon, or place* where fuch officer or officers (lull fulpett the fame to be fet up and kept, fet ting forth the ground of foch his or their fufpicion; it (hail apd may be lawful to and for the (aid commiffioners of excife, pr juftice or juftipes of the peace refaeclively, before whom fuch affidavit or affidavits (hall be made, if he or they (hall judge it reafonabie, by fpecial warrant under bis or their refpedlive hands and feals, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, by day or by night, (but if in the night time, then in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and a (Tiding therein), to break open the doors or any part of fuch houfe or place, where he or they (hall fq> know or fufpe& fuch private or concealed ftill, back, or other veflel, fpirits, low wines, wa(h, or materials tor diftillation, are fo fet up and kept, and to enter into fuch houfe or place,, and to feize all and every fuch (tills* backs, or other vefiels, and all (uch fpirits, low wines, wa(h, and other materials preparing for diftillation, which he or they (hall find and difcover, and either to detain and keep the fame in the houfe or place where found, or to remove the fiupe to the office of excife next to the place where tlfe (amt (hall be fo difeovered and found; and in cafe the fame (hall not, within ten days next after fuch feizure, be claimed by the true aud lawful owj^ef thereof, then the (aid Hills, backs, and other veflels, fpirits, low wines, wa(h, and other materials for diftillation, (hall be abfolutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any fuch private or concealed ftill, back, or other veflel, or thp perfon in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every place in which every fuch private ftill, back, or other veflel, (hall be fo found, and alfo for every fuch dill, back, and veflel, found therein, the fom of two hundred pounds; and if any perfon or perfons (hall pbftrutt, oppofe, moled, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife, or others afting in their afliftance, in the due feizing any fuch private or concealed dills, backs, or other veflels, fpirits, low wines, wafh, or other materials for diftillation, or in detaining or keeping the feme in the place where found, or ia removing the feme, or any of them, after feizure, to the next office of excife as aforefaid; then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XIV,	And) in order to deter per/ons from aiding or ajfi/iing

*	J	Digitized	Google

1783*1 Anri* vicefihid tertk> GtoSGH III. fc. 76.	j4t

tie proprietors of fuch private JHUs in tarrying on their fraudulent praflictSy be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That, FromSept. 19* from, and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, when «7*j.any any officer or- officers of 'excife (hall at any time difcover Sfall be found ana find any private or concealed ftHl, back, or veiTel, for aiding and af-the making, preparing, or keeping of wafh, low wines, or fitting in any fpirits, or other materials preparing, for diftillation, and /hall private dUftif. at the feme time difcover in the room or place where fuch	'

private ftill, back, or other veffel, lhall be fo found, any per- 30 '* folk or 'perfons knowingly aiding, affifting, or anyways concerned in carrying on fuch private diftillation, every fuch perfon and perfons fo difcovered, (hall (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor, or perfon in whole . cuftody or poffeffion the fame mall be found, is now fubjeCt and liable unto) forfeit and lofe the fum of thirty pounds; and it (hail and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excife, and all other perfons ailing in their aid and af-fiftance, to ftop, aired, and detain, all and every the perfon and perfons lb difcovered in fuch room or place, and to convey the faid perfon and perfons before one or more juftice or jnftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpe&ively, wherein fuch perfons (hall be fo difcovered as aforefeid j and it (hall and may be lawful to and and (ball be for fiich juftice or juftices of the peace refpedively, on con- carried before feffion of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more * itt“ice* credible witnefe or witneffes made of fuch offence, to convict the perfon or perfons fo difcovered as aforefeid: and the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall, immediately on fuch conviction, pay the faid fum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who (hall hafe conveyed fuch offender before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, to be applied in maimer as herein-after is directed ; and on fuch offender or On default offenders refiifing or neglecting to pay the faid fum of thirty of paying the pounds, the juftice of juftices fo convicting as aforefaid (hall Pen,llly* <*-and may, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand committed? and feat, or hands and feals, commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpeCtively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months, to be reckoned from the day of fuch conviction, and the perfon or perfons fo committed (hall not be drfeharged until he,

(he, or they; hate paid the feid fum'of thirty pounds, or until the expiation Of tire faid fix months; and in Cafe	a

the perfon or perfons fo c6rrvi<fted fliall be again difcovered focond ©f-in any room or place where any private ftill, back, or other fence, reffd, (hall be difcovered and found as aforefaid, aiding, af-fifting, or otherwise concerned in carnring on any private dif-ttltery, he, (he, or they, W again offending, (hall, upon the Kfce conviAidn*^ ftffeit and pay, for fuch fecond offence, the fum Of firtty pounds, and (hall be committed to the houfe of cottc&ion in manner aforefaid, there to remain for and during

~ the

Digitized by

Google

From Sep. *9} *7*5. all horfes, carriages, &c. employed in re-paoviogBritiQ) fpirits, without a proper permit, may oefeizcd.

Before Sept, so,17I1, diftUlers to demolifh their trunks or clofe veflels for receiving w*Jb, See.

on penalty of iooi.

Diftillers, &c. to take away all pipes fattened to the end of their Bid worms,

Anno viccfimo tertio GEofton III. c. 70. [lytjj

the term of one year, or until the laid Aim of fixty pooafe lhall be paid.

XV.	'And tbt mtrt tfftBuallj prevent the removal of JfirinJ that have been privately dijtilltd, frm the pious where mode to tho houfes of verifiers and empeunders of fpiritsf be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the fesd twenty-ninth day of September, it (hall and may be lawfdl to and for the officers of excife, and they and each of them is and are hereby required to feize all and every horfe and other cattle, and all carriages and boats whatloever, made life of or employed in the removing, carrying, or conveying Britijb made fpirituous liquors from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, unlefs the Britijb made fpirits fo removing, carrying, or conveying, (ball be accompanied with fuch authentick permits or certificates from feme or one of the officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as by the feveral ftatutes in fach cafe made and provided are dire&ed to accompany the feme when removing as aforefaid j which feizures of horfes, cattle, carriages, and boats, (hall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as other feizures made by the officers of excife may now be proceeded upon, heard, ana determined, by any law or laws relating to hts Majefty’s revenue of excife.

. XVI. And whereas great frauds have been and may be Hurried on by means of trunks and other clofe vejfels fit up by difillers and makers of low wines and of fpirits, for receiving wafts and ether materials fit for di/iillation from the wa/h-backs, and other utenfils, before the fame is pumped up into their Jlill or fills j be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, every diftiller and maker of low wines or of ipirits, whether for faleor for exportation, having or keeping any trunk or other clofe veflel or utenfil for receiving or keeping wa(h, or other materials fit for diftillation, (hall, before the (aid twenty-ninth day of September, take up, demolifh, or convert into open veflels, every fuch trunk and other clofe veflel or utenfil; and that no diftiller or maker of low wines or of fpirits, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, (hall ereft, fet up, have, or keep, any trunk, or any other clofe veflel or utenfil, for receiving, keeping,* or making wa(h, or other materials preparing for diftillation, on pain to forfeit, for every fuch trunk, or other clofe veflel and utenfil, fo ereded, fet up, kept, or continued, after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, the fum of one hundred pounds: and, to the end that the officers of excife may be able to tafte and examine the quality of the low wines and of the fpirits coming from the ftill or ftills of every diftiller and maker of low wines and of ipirits, whether for Tale or for exportation, compounder and reftifier of fpirits, every fuch diftiller and maker, re&ifier and compounder, (hall, before the faid twenty-ninth day of September, cut off or takeaway all pipes or other conveyances already fixed or fattened to the end of the worms belonging to their refpe&ive ftill and ftills -B and from and after a	the

Digitized by

Google

*

1783.] Anno yicefimo tertio Georg 11 III. c. 70.

143

the faid twenty-ninth day of September, no fuch dlftillef, maker,

rediifier, or compounder, (hall fix or fallen, or fuffer to be fixed

or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end of

any worm belonging to any of their dill or (tills, but (hall

leave the end of the worm belonging to each and every of

his and their refpedtive (till and (tills open and free for the

officers of excife to tafte and examine the low wines and fpirits

refpe&ively coming from every fuch (till and (tills; and the

low wines and fpirits fo coining from the ends .of the faid re-

fpedtive worms (hall openly and publickly run into an open

life, or other open vettel kept for that purpofe, and the fame

(hall refpedtively be conveyed from fuch fafe, or other open

vettel, into the low wine calk, or fpirit calk, as the cafe may

be: and if any fuch diftiller, maker, remitter, or compounder, on penalty of

(hall riegled to take away, or cut off, all fuch pipes or other Joel.

conveyances as (hall be fo fixed or faftened to the end of the

worm, to each of his, her, or their (till or (tills refpedtively

belonging, as herein-before directed $ or (hall, after the faid

twenty-ninth dav of September, fix or fallen, or caufe or fuffer

to be fixed or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end

of any worm of any (till to him, her, or them refpedtively

belonging, or (hall run their low wines or fpirits frdm the end

of the worms of their refpedtive (till or (tills into any other

vettel than the fafe, or other open publick vettel kept for that

purpofe, or (hall not convey the fame refpedtively from fuch

fafe, or other open vettel, into the low wines cafk, or fpirits

cade, as the cafe may be ; every fuch diftiller, maker, rectifier,

and compounder, fo offending, (hall, for each offence, forfeit

and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, Difcharge-the difcharge-cocks belonging to each and every (till of every cock* to be diftiller and maker of low wines or of fpirits, whether for fale fixed the or exportation, (hall be fo placed and fixed in the body of the IK?* refpedtivc (tills as that the officers of excife may have free they telong and convenient accefs to the fame; and for that purpofe every &c. fuch difcharge-cock (hall be Continued in a ftraight line from the body of the (till to which it is fixed, and fuch difcharge-cock (hall not, in any cafe, projedt more than three feet from the body of any fuch (till, nor more than eighteen inches from the brick-work or other materials whereon the faid re-fpedive (till or (tills (hall be erected or placed; and if any on penalty of diftiller or maker of low wines, or of fpirits, (hall fix or place 100I. the difcharge-cock of any ftill, to him, her, or them belonging, otherwife than as herein is directed, he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch offened, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, Key« of dif-the keys of every charging-cock, and of every difcharge-cock, charge cocks, that (hall be made ufe of oy any diftiller or maker of low wines	t0	**

and fpirits, whether for fale or for exportation, or by any rec- ma

tifier

Digitized by Google

/

Mouths of fucb cocks to be left free.

Penalty on default.

When any ftill (hall ceafe to be worked, the head thereof (hall be taken off.

on forfeiture ofiool.

Anno vieefimo tertio Georoii UL c. 70." [1783*

tifier or compounder of fpirits, for charging or for dtfcharginj and emptying any ftill or ftills, or other entered utenfil hj him, her, or them refpedtively made ufe of, ihall be had, made, and conftrudled in manner following, and in no other form cm manner whatever; that is to fay. The key of each, and every fuch cock fhali be made with an open eye or hole in the top part thereof, and every fach eye or hole (hall be of foch a fixe, as to be capable of receiving a leaver, fafficient to tom the relpedtive cock or cocks, at aH times when the officers (hall have occafion to turn the fame in the execution of the powers and authority to them given for that purpofe, by the Several ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided; and every fiich key of every fuch cock and cocks, (hall be of one piece, and folid to the bottom, and fo rivetted into the cock of which it is apart as to prevent the fame from being taken out of the body of the faid cock; and fuch charging-cocks and difcharge-cocks refpedtively, (hall not have any hole or place of discharge, but at the mouth only; and no diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, redtifier or compounder of fpirits, (hall, for-any purpofe, or on any pretence whatfoever, fix or place, or fuffer to be fixed or placed, any grate, (trainer, or any other thing whatfoever, on or before the mouth of any fuch charge-cock, or of any fuch difcharge-cock ; but the mouths of each and every fuch cock (hall be left free and clear from every thine that can or may prevent the officers of excife from fearching and examining the infide of the mouth or opening of each and every fuch cock and cocks : and if any fuch dif-tiller or maker, redtifier or compounder, (hall make ufe of, or (hall fix or place any charge-cock, or difcharge-cock, to-an? of his (till or ftills, or to any other of his entered utenfils, of any other conftrudion or make than that herein-before mentioned ; or (hall at any time fix or place any thing whatfoever on or before the mouth or opening of any fuch cock, whereby the officer (hall or may be prevented from fearching and ex* amining the inlide thereof; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch diftiller, maker, rectifier, and compounder, (had, for each offence refpedtively, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority lforefs That, from and after the faid twenty*ninth day ot Septa every redtifier and compounder of (pints (hall take off, or 1 to be taken off, the head and beads of each and every (till am ftills to him belonging, when arid as foon as any fiich (til! ol ftills (hall ceafe to be worked ; and the head or heads of foch ftill or ftills (hall in no cafe, nor on any pretence, or on any account, be put on fuch ftill or (tills, until each fuch ftill (hall be again charged and ready to work, nor until the officer (hall have examined the quality of the fpirits then in each fuch ftill < and if any fuch redtifier or compounder (hall negledt to take oil each and every head and heads from each refpedtive ftill anc ftills, when and fo foon as each fuch ftill (hall ceafe to be worked, or (hall io any cafe, or on any pretence or account whatfoever

u	pul

Digitized by

Google

1783.] Anno vieeGmo tcrtlo GeoRGII IIL c. 70.	345

put on any fuch head or heads, on any of his dill or dills, before fuch dill or dills (hall be charged and ready to work, and before the officer (hall have examined the quality of the fpirits then in the dill, he, (he, or they fo offending' (hall for each offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XX.	And whereas the opening of the furnace doors of the fills belonging to compounders and rectifiers of fpirits, before the Jlills are actually charged, and the heads o f fuch Jlills are put on, has given opportunities for fraud; for preventing of fuch frauds, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after Directions re* the laid twenty-ninth day of September, whenever the officer J?tive to of-of excife (hall have received a notice (as directed by the datute ,nceforop«n-in that cafe made) for opening the furnace door of any dill jng thc fvlV? or dills belonging to any redhfier or compounder of fpirits, nace door of and (hall attend for that purpofe, fuch officer dull not on any dills belong-pretence open the furnace door of any fuch dill or dills, but of fuch as are at that time fully charged, nor until he hath ex- 9 amincd the contents of fuch dill or dills, and hath fcen the head or heads of fuch dill or dills refpedfively adlually put on and ready to be locked down; nor (hall fuch officer, when attending on any fuch notice at the dill-houfe of any fuch rectifier or compounder, be obliged to continue there more than one hour at any one time; and if fuch re&ifier or compounder (half not within that time have charged the dill or dills mentioned in that notice, and have put on the head or heads of the faid dill or dills, fo as they be ready to be locked down, every fuch re&ifier and compounder (hall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before the officer (hall be obliged to attend again to open the furnace door or doors of his, her, or their dill or dills; any law, cudom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXL Andj that the officers of excife may be the better enabled to examine the contents of every fill and fills, to any didiller or maker of low wines and fpirits, whether for fale or exportation, rectifier, or compounder of fpirits% belongings and to take fill gauges thereofs be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from Diftillersto and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September every didiller provide pro-and maker of low wines andTpirits, and every compounder per ladders to and redtifier of fpirits, (hall provide proper ladders whereby fcers'to get the officers of excife may get to the top of each dill to every to the top of fuch didiller, maker, compounder, and redtifier refpedlively their (tills} belonging; and every fuch didiller, maker, compounder, and and to aflift redtifier, or fome perfon on their behalf, (hall be aiding and them in (et-affiding to the faid officer in fetting up the ladder, and in ex-araining the contents of eyery fuch dill, and in taking dillla er* c-gauges thereof; and if any fuch didiller, maker, compounder, <>n penalty of or redlifier, refpedlively, (hall negledt to provide proper lad- a00*# ders for the purpofes aforefaid, or (hall not by himfelf, or by fome' other on his behalf, aflid the faid officers in fetting up the ladder, and in taking the account and dill gauges as aforefaid; or (hall, by any means whatever, hinder or obftrudt Yql. XXXIV.	A	a	tbs

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo tertlo GEougii III. c. 70. {1783.

the officer or officers of excife fom examining the contents of each fuch (till, or in taking the gauge thereof $ then, and in every fuch cafe, the diftiller, maker, compounder, or rectifier, (o offending, (hall, for each offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXII. Jnd) for the further preventing frauds^ be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the (aid impowercd?o twenty-ninth day of September, it (hall and may be lawful for take famples every officer of excife, and they are hereby impowered to take of wafh from at any time or times, a faraple or famples of the wa(h, in any ddhllers,°n^ wafh-back or other veffel belonging to any diftiller or maker pergaJlon for °f l°w w*ncs and fpirits, either for fale or exportation, not the ian\e. exceeding twelve gallons in the whole, out of each fuch walb-back or other veffel, paying for fuch wa(h after the rate of Penalty on one (hilling and fixpence per gallon ; and in cafe any fuch dtf-refufal. tiller or maker of low wines and fpirits, or any workman or fervant to him or them belonging, (hall refufe to permit fuch officer or officers to take fuch fample or famples as aforefaid* upon his or their offering to pay for the fame after the rate aforefaid, or (hall any ways obftrult or hinder him or them in taking fuch fample or famples, fuch difti)ler#or maker (hal), for each offence refpeCiively, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

After Sept. 19, That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September,

no lbllK°rthav! no diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, whether for firie more than one	r	•	^	.	.

fixed charg- or for exportation, (hall, on any pretence whatever, have or

ing pipe, and keep any fixed pipe or other conveyance whatever, leading to

onedifeharge- any (kill or ftills, fave and except one charging~pipe to. each

cock»	fuch ftill; nor (hall have any conveyance whatever leading

from any fuch ftill or ftills, fave and except the difcharge-cock

on penalty of to each ftill refpeflively belonging, on pain to forfeit- for every

aool.	fixed pipe or other conveyance, leading to, or leading from,

fuch ftill and ftills, (not before excepted), the fum of two

hundred pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Any corn	That, if any	corn diftiller, or maker of low wines or fpirits

after Sept.	from corn or	grain, (hall, after the faid twenty-ninth day of

(hall ufc any^* September, make ufe of any melaffes, courfe fugar, honey, or melafles, ho- any compofition or extra# of fugar, in the brewing, making, r\ty% &c. in	or preparing,	wafh for diftillation, or in making or extracting

•	dif-	^ow w*nes or	fpirits, or (hall receive or take into his cuftody

filiation, (hall or poffeffion any quantity of melaffes, coaric fugar, honey, or , forfeit tool.} any compofition or extract of fugar, exceeding ten pounds weight; every fuch corn diftiller, and maker of low wines and fpirits from corn or grain, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch and every fer- °ffencei the fum of one hundred pounds; and every fervant vant, or Other of fuch corn diftiller, or maker of low wines or fpirits from perfon afTirt- corn or grain, and every other perfon who (hall be aiding and (h5iltfCrf ,l)’	*n the u^inS any melaffes, coarfe fugar, honey, or any

aoh or b^iiu- cornPQfition or extract of fugar, in the brewing, making, or

preparing

Digitized by

Google

f 7&3-1 Anno vicefimo tertlo GfeoRGll III. c. 70.	347

preparing wafh for diftillation, or in making or extrafting low pnfoned for i*in£s or fpirits, or in carrying or conveying the fame into the J^th*. houfe, ftill-houfe, or other place belonging to fuch corn dif-filler, or maker of low wines or fpirits from corn or grain, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum or twenty pounds, and in default of payment fhall fuffer three months imprifonment,

XXV.	And whereas diftillers having made entry of their JiilU BoufeSy have Jometimes withdrawn thofe entries whiljl wajh and other materials prepared for diftillation remain unwsrkedy be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the After Sepf. faid twenty-ninth day ot Septembery no diftiller or maker of low jg jf wines or fpirits, compounder or reftifier of fpirits, who fhall £oufe^or have made entry of any ftill-houfe and utenfils, for she pur- utenfils, (ball pofe of diftillation, as by the feveral ftatutes relating to the be withdrawii duties on Britijb made fpirituous liquors he his required to do, "hdft walh,^ lhall be permitted to withdraw fuch his entry whilft walh, low terials^olndrf-Vrines, or other materials preparing or fit for diftillation, are filiation, are remaining in any of the places, or in any of the utenfils, fo by remaining him, her, or them refpeftively entered as aforefaid; but inrbercin. every fuch cafe the officers of excife, under whofe furvey fuch

diftiller or maker fhall then be, fhall continue to furvey the places and utenfils mentioned in each fuch entry, until all the wafh, low wines, and other materials, fhall be worked off, and the duties charged on the produce thereof, or until the fame fhall be removed from and out of the faid entered places, and then, and not till then, fhall any fuch entry, made as aforefaid, be withdrawn*

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Motto leffeu That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued the powers of to extend, to take away or leflen any of the powers or author- of ities heretofore given to the officers of excife and for the inland ** duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the faid

duties.

- XXVII. And whereas by dn aily made in the twenty-firfl year of the reign of his prefent MajeJiy, (intituled, An aft for the bet- Recital of ter management and collection of the duties upon male fervants,*1 Geo. **** granted by an aft made in the feventeenth year of tfie reign ofcaP* **• ** l%0 his prefent Majefty), it was enabled, That all profecutions for the recovery of the duties impofed upon male fervantSy and aljo for all forfeitures and offences made and committed againjl the faid ablsf within all or any of the counties^ /hires > and ftewartriesy cities% towns, or placeSy within the kingdom of Great Britain, /ball be beard and determined by any two or more of the jufticei of the peace reftding near to the place where Jucb forfeitures /ball be made% or offence committed; and if the party finds himfelf aggrieved by the judgement given by the faid jufticesy be /hall and may appeal to the jujlices of the peace at the next quarter fe/JionSy who are authorized, and impowered to hear and determine the famey and whofe judgement therein /ball be final: and whereas doubts have arifeny whether the word Party, in the faid aft mentioned, does

A a a	extend

Digitized by Google

348	Anno	vicefimo tertio GeoROii III. c. 70.	[1^83.

extend as well to the informers in fuch profecutions as to the de-fendants therein named: now, to obviate all fuch doubts, be partyrtn the lt declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the laid aft)exr word Party, in the faid a£t mentioned, was intended to extend, plained. and does extend, to either party who think themfelves aggrieved by any judgement given, or to be given, by any juftices of the peace in purfuance of the faid ad.

XXVIII.	And whereas by a claufe in an aft, pq/fed in the lajk Recital of	Jffion of parliament, (intituled\ An ad for repealing the duties pay-

Geo. IIr, ahle for beer and ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of cap. 6S. f. 18. the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the bar-rel, exclufive of fuch duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned: and alfo additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the faid additional duties on coaches, and on other Carriages; and for the better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife; and alfo for appointing the number of commifiioners of excife, who may hear caufes depending before them relative to the duties on male fervants); it was enafttd, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being within the chejl in which the fame was imported into'this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and then continuing in the fame Jlate in which it was imported), /ball at any one time, directed to one and the fame perfon, (or pxrfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partner/hip) be removed or carried from any city, town, pari/b, or place in this king-dom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chid' office of excife in London, to any other place out of the limits aforefaid, not within the faid city, town, pari/b, or place, from which the fame /ball be fo removed or carried; and if any tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, di~ refted to one and the fame perjon, (or perfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partner/hip), /hall be found fo removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the fame, together with the camjlers, bags, and other package con-tabling the fame, and the ve/Jels and boats* and the borfes and other cattle, and carriages employed in removing or carrying the fame, /hall be forfeited, and /baU and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife: and whereas it was intended that the Jaid forfeitures in the faid claufe mentioned, Jhould extend to all cafes where tea, ex• ceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weightJhould be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in the manner in the faid aft mentioned, but the word Forty was by miftake infected in the faid clau/e, injlead of the word Twenty: now, for correcting and amending the faid miftake, be it enaCted by the authority afore-Tea exceed • That if any tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds itfg to pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the fame perfon, weight, (not (or perfons where there ate two or more in joint trade or part-betng in the ner(hip), and not being in the original cheft as aforefaid,

chert in which /u n u r *	j	•	,	b	.

it was import- be f°unci removed or carried, or removing or carrying,

whether

Google

1783.] Anno vicefimo terdo Georgii III. c. 70;	349

whether with or without permit, from any city, tdwn, parirti, ed)»h?chfhall or place in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the bc rc,!loved faid weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excife irf city,not London* to any other place out of the limits aforefaid, not within within the bilfs the faid city, town, parifh, or place, from which the fame (hall o' mortality, be fo removed or carried ; all fuch tea, together with the ca- hefor-nifters, bags, and other package containing the fame, and the [hc^ackage veflels and boats, and the horfes and other cattle, and carriages cattle, and * employed in removing and carrying the fame, (hall be forfeited, carriages, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife ;	,

any thing in the (aid claufe in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	Ana be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any information or fuit (hall be commenced and If theclaimer brought to trial, on account of the feizure of any goods, mer- of goods, chandizes, or commodities whatfoever, feized as forfeited by ycTdi^^nd any aft or afts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be \t fllau kp« made, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife or inland du- pear to the ties, or of any (hip, veflel, or boat, or of any horfes or other tba* the cattle, or of any carriages ufed or employed in removing or car- pf^bable rying the fame, wherein a verdift (hall be found for the claimer caufe of fei-thereof; and it (hall appear to the judge or court before, whom zure, the the fame (hall be tried, that there was a probable caufe of claimant fhall feizure, the judge or court before whom the fame (hall be tried,

(hall certify_pn the record that there was a probable caufe for * the profecutor feizing the faid goods, merchandizes, commodities, (hips, veflels, boats, horfes, or other cattle; or carriages, as the cafe may be; and in fuch cafe the claimant (hall not be intitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor (hall the perfon who feized the faid goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or the faid (hips, veflels, or boats, or the horfes or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any aftion, indiftment, or other fuit or pro-fecution on account of fuch feizure; and that in cafe any action, indiftment, or profecution, (hall be commenced and brought to trial, againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on account of the feizure of any fuch goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or of any (hips, veflels, boats, horfes, or other cattle or carriages, ufed and employed in removing or carrying the fame, wherein a verdift (hall be given againft the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom fuch aftion, * indiftment, or profecution, (hall be tried, (hall certify on the faid record, that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides the thing fo feized, or thte value thereof, (hall not be intituled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit, nor (hall the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above one (hilling.

XXX.	And* for the more effeftud preventing vexatious fuits againji the officers of extife, and their affijlants afting under the authorities and powers to them given by the fsveral Jiaiutes made for fecuring the duties of excife and inland duties; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day

A a 3	.of

Digitized by Google

35°

From Aug. i, 1783. officer* not to be fued for executing their office, until after a month’s notice.

Particular* to be contained in fuch notice.

Officers may

tender

amends.

If afnend* tendered be fufficient, a verdift to be given for the defendant,

who (hall be intitltd to cods, &c.

No evidence of the caufe of action to be produced, except what is contained in the notice.

Defendant may pay money into court.

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c.70. [1783*

of Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and. eighty-three* no writ (hall be fued out againft, nor a copy of any procefs ferved upon, any officer or officers of excife, or againft any perfon or perfons,acting by his or their order, and in his or their aid* for any thing done in the execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, until one calendar month next after notice in writing (hall have been delivered <0 him, or left at the ufual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to fue out fuch writ or procefs as afbrefaid; in which notice (hall be clearly and explicitly contained the caufe of adtion, the name and place of abode of the perfon who is to bring fuch action, and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney or agent, and that a fee of twenty (hillings (hall be paid tor the preparing and ferving of every fuch notice, and no more.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid officers, or other perfons acting in their aid, to whom fuch notice (hall be given as afore-faid, at any time within one calendar month after fuch notice (hall have been given, to tender amends to the party complain* ing, or to his or her agent or attorney, and in cafe the fame is not accepted, to plead fuch tender in bar to any adiion to be brought againft him, grounded on fuch writ or procefs, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon iflue joined thereon, the jury (hall find the amends fo tendered to have been fufficient, then they (hall give a verdidt for the defendant or defendants.; and in fuch cafe, or in cafe the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or difeon-tinue his or heradtion, or in cafe judgement (hall be given for fuch defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall be intitled to the like cods as he would have been intitled to in cafe he had pleaded the general iffuo only; and if upon iffue fo joined the jury (hall find that no amends were tendered, or that the fame were not fufficient, and alfo againft the defendant or defendants in fuch other plea or pleas, then they (hall give a verdidt for the plaintiff, and fuch damages as they (hall think proper, together with his or her cofts of fuit,

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no plaintiff, in any cafe where an adlion (hall be grounded on. any aft done by the defendant, (hall be permitted to produce any evidence of the caufe of fuch action, except fuch as (hall be contained in the notice to be given as aforefaid, or (hall recover any verdidt againft fuch officer, or perfons adting in his aid, unlefs he (hall prove on the trial of fucb adtion that fuch notice was given, and that in default of fuch proof the defendant in fuch adlion (hall recover a verdidt and cofts as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted. That in cafe fuch officer, or others adting in his aid, (hall negledt to tender any amends, or (hall have tendered inefficient amends, before the adtion brought, it (hall and may be lawful for him, by leave of

c	the

Digitized by Google

35*

j 783.J Anno vicelimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

the court where fuch adion (hall be brought, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he lhall fee fit, whereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgements, (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of againft any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing done by a&ions. any officer or officers of excife, or any others ading in his or

their aid, in execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced within three months next after the caufe of adion (hall arife, and not afterwards ; and (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants (hall and may plead the general General iflue. iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue bis, her, or their adion or fuit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedies for the fame Treble colts, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cafes where cofts are given by law.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid. That if any goods liable tp duties of excife, or inland du- Claimers of ties, (hall be .feized by virtue of or in purfuance of any ad or goods feized ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, or if menVoffiwT* any adion (hall be brought by the owner or claimer of any fuch duties, goods, againft any officer or officers of excife, or for the inland duties, or any perfon ading in their afliftance, for any thing done in purfuance of any fuch ad or ads, the proof of the payment of the excife or inland duties upon the goods fo feized (hall Jay upon the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on the perfon who feized the fame, or againft whom fuch adion (hall be brought.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall obftrud, affaulr, refift, Perfons ob-oppofe, moleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife in the Gifting offi-, due execution of the feveral powers and authorities .given or granted to fuch officers by this ad, every perfon or perfons fo s 9 offending (hall (except in fuch cafes for which other penalties are herein-before direded) forfeit and lofe, for every fuch of-to forfeit 1001, fence, the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this Penalties and ad (and not herein-before other wife direded) (hall be fued for, forfeitures recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued applied, for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife* by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information,,in any

A a 4	of

X

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii IIL C. 71* 72. [1783.

of his Majefty’* courts of record at Wtfiminfter% or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpe&ively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty* his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXXI.

An a& for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain meffiiages* lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, purchased in purfuance of an aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, to veft certain mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truftees, for the better fecuring his Majetty’s docks, (hips, and (tores, at Port(moada and Chatham.

at Geo. 3. c. So. recited t and his Majefty *s letters patent, dated Sept. j 7S1, appointing commifiiooers, and that the commiflioncrs met, on Nor. xi, 17S2, at the town hall of Rochefter, and certain lands, &c. in the parifh of Gillingham, and the timber thereon, valued at 4,789!. 14 s. 3 d. but no provifion made for payment. Enafted that out of the fupplies grant* ed for 1783, the fum of 4,789!. 14s. 3d. (hall be applied for making compenfation for the before-mentioned lands, tenements, &c. Surveyor general of the prdnance to make out bills to perfons intitled under the decree of the commiflioners. Debentures for fuch fums to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, Sec. The fums mentioned in fuch debentures, to be paid accordingly The fum decreed to be paid to the principal and fcholars of King's Hall, Sec. in Oxford, to be laid out in purcnafe of lands, Sec. alfo reciting that feveral fums of money have been decreed to be paid into the hands of truftees, for the purpofes therein mentioned, mirfuant to the wills of Thomas Fletcher and Elizabeth Proby. The faid fums being 1,6761. 14s. 3d. and 174I. 8s. to be paid* to the deputy remembrancer of the court of exchequer; who (hall give a difcharge for the fame, and certify the receipt thereof to the barons of the exchequer, &c. All fuch money received by the deputy remembrancer, to be paid into the bank. Barons of exchequer, .upon petition. Sec. impowered to make orders for payment of the money received by the deputy remembrancer, or for placing it in the funds, Sec. On death or removal of deputy remembrancer, all ftocks. Sec. vefted in him by virtue of this, aft, (ball veft in his fucceflor, Sec. If in future there fhould be no deputy remembrancer, then the trufts veiled in him by this aft (hall veft in the remembrancer. If perfons intitled to debentures (hall negleft to take the fame for a month after notice, they may be depofited with the clerk of the peace, See. All the lands, Sec. which have been valued as to be taken by his Majefty, (hall, on? payment of fuch valuation, be vefted in bis Majefty, his heirs, &c. forever; and all other lands. Sec. comprifed in the ncited aft, (hall remain vefted in their former proprietors. All the lands. Scc. in the recited aft mentioned to be (ituate in the county of Southampton, pnd vefted in Charles Wolfran Cornwall, &c. (hall continue vefted in the fame perfons, and their heirs. Limitation of aftions to fix calendar months, and the defendants may plead the general iflbe, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and it be recovers to have treble cofts.

CAP. l£xii.

An aft for railing.a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand leven hundred and eighty-three. -*■* To raife 1,500,000k on the* fame terms as in the (and tax aft.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

35i

1783.] Anno viccGmo tertio Georoii III. c. 73,74.

CAP. LXXIII.

An ad for.the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the

town and liberties ot Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.---Debts

above two (hillings, and under forty (hillings.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain mujlins, unrated mujlins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths.

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the duties payable upon Preamble the importation, and the drawbacks allowed upon the exportation, of certain fpecies of mujlins, callicoes, and nanquin cloths, for a limited time, as a means to difcourage the pernicious praftice of fnmggling thofe articles into this kingdom, which has been lately, and is now carried on, to the great lofs of the publick revenue, the detriment of the Eaft India company, and the fair trader: may it therefore

Eleafe your Majeft v that it may^be enafted; and be it enafted y the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the thirty-firft day of Auguji, FromAog jt, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and during the *7*s> theirn* continuance of this ad, the feveral rates, duties, and impofi- ^on plain" tions, payable upon the importation of plain muflins, unrated muflins, muflins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths, into this kingdom, to ceafe.

(hall ceafe and determine, and are hereby repealed and made void.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That, in lieu and inftcad of the feveral duties hereby re- New duty of pealed, there fhall beraifed, levied, colleded, and paid, a duty i*percent, of eighteen pounds per centum, on the grofs price for which fuch goods fhall be fold by the candle at the Tales of the united com- India Houfe. pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, without any difcount or dedudion whatfoever.

III.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That upon the exportation of any plain muflins, unrated Drawback to muflins and callicoes, and nanquin cloths, from this kingdom be allowed on into foreign parts, which fhall be fold at the fales of the faid united company after the faid thirty-firft day of Augujl, one S000*' thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, in lieu and inftead of the former drawbacks heretofore paid and allowed upon the exportation of fuch goods, there (hall be paid and allowed to the exporter thereof, a drawback of ten pounds per centum, and no more, out of the duty paid or payable upon the importation of fuch goods in purfuance of this aft.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That the faid duty granted by this aft fhall be r^fed, le- New doty to vied, collefted, recovered, paid, and applied, and the draw- be and back hereby granted Audi be allowed and paid, in the fame drawback to

manner ^ allowed, in

Digitizetl by Google

354

the fame manner, and fub~ je& to the lame regulations, as the tofmer duties and drawback.

Continuance of this a St to Aug, 3*1 >7*7'

Preamble.

Recital of s t Geo, y c. 40. U a* repealed.

Anno vicefimo tertio GeorgiI III. c. 75. [1783-

manner and form, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame rules, regulations, fecurities, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures* in all refpefts '(except where any alteration is made by this aft) as the former duties and drawbacks were fubjeft and liable to by any aft of parliament now in force, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, rules, regulations, fecurities, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, relative thereto, were again repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

V.	And it is hereby further cnafted by the authority afore-faid. That this aft (hall continue in force until the thirty-firft day of Augvjly one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

CAP. LXXV.

j/tn aft for repealing fo much of an aft made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefly% as took off the duties payable Upon the importation of that fpedes of blue called Smalts; and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which JboU not be worth the duties impoftd thereon by an aft of the hft feflm of parliament.

WHEREAS by on aft, made in the twenty-firfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for extending the provifions of three afts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijb and Injb linens exported, to Britijb and Irijh linens, Britijb callicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britabty and to buckrams and tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that fpecics of blue called Smaltsj it is9 among other things, en*ft*d% That* during the continuance of the faid recited afts, no fubfutyy cujlom, ratty dutyy or other impofuion xvbatfoever, /hall be demand-edy colleftedy received, or takeny upon that fpecies of blue tailed Smalts, which Jbatl be imported into this kingdom: and whereas it is expedient that fo much of the faid aft as took off the duties on that fpecies of blue called Smalts, jhould be repealed; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andeonfem of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited aft (hall, from and after the fir ft day of .Augufly one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-three, be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void; and all fuch blue, called SmaltSy which, from and after the faid* hrft day of Augufly (hall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain* (hall be fubjeft and liable to rhe fame duties and impofitions as they would have been fubjeft and liable to if the fai4. tested aft had not been made; any

thing

Digitized by

[783*] Anno vicefimo tertio Gbokgii III. c.7	355

hing therein, or in any other aA> to the contrary not with-landing.

II. And whereas, by an ad made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, (intituled, An a 6k to explain an ad. Recital of %% made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se- Geo. j. c. 73, cond, intituled. An ad for prohibiting the planting* fetting, or [owing of tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the ufe and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland* into England,* for a limited time, under certain reftri&ions,) it wasf amongft other things, enadtd, That tho lito duties Jhould be paid for Jucb tobacco as were due and payable upon the importation of fucb tobacco of the growth and produce of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America: and whereas there is not any provifion make in the faid recited ad* for granting any relief to the proprietors of fucb tobacco* in conjideration of the inferior quality thereof* or any accident or de-fed that may happen in the growth or culture of fucb tobacco, Jo as to render the fame not marketable or worth the duties impofcd there* on; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commif- Commifllon-fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, or any three or «r» of cuftoms more of them, to allow, and order to be paid, to the owner or proprietor of fuch tobacco, out of any revenue under their ma- ^opdctors of nagemcnt which is applicable to the payment of incidents, at bad tobacco the rate of four-pence for every pound weight of fuch tobacco, 4^. per pound for which the owner or proprietor thereof (hall refufe to pay the for the ™e» full duties impofed by the faid recited a<ft; provided fuch to- bebSntVfc* bacco (hall be given up by him, to the proper officers of his	1

Majefty’s cuftoms, to be publickly burnt, or otherwife totally destroyed by fuch officers; any thing in the faid recited a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXVL

An ad for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined fitgar entered for exportation* to obtain the drawback or bounty.

WHEREAS the regulations prefcribed by an ad* made in Preamble.

the twenty fixtb year of bis late Majejly*s reign, intituled%

An a<5t to prevent wines, imported into any of the out-ports of Recital of %$

this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of Lon- Geo. a. c. is.

don* or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty; and

jrjeral other laws heretofore made to prevent the clandejline running

cj wine into this lingdomy have not been Jufficient to anfwer the good

purpofes thereby intended, fucb illicit pradices being lately much in-

creafed* and are now carried on to a great degree at feveral of the

out-ports in this kingdom, to the diminution of the publick revenue*

and the prejudice of the fair merchants: for remedy whereof, may

it pleafe your Majefty that it may be epalted; and be it ena&ed

by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritoai and temporal, and commons,

in

Digitized by Google

356	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii III. C. 76. [1783.

' in this prefent parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the From Sept. ?, fame. That, from and after the firft day of September, one thou-1783, no wine fand feven hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any fort* in from an” out* an? ^ogfhead or ot^cr whatfoever, (hall be removed or potToH^reat	either by land or by water, from any out-port, creek,

Britain to any or haven, in Gnat Britain* not being within the limits of the other part of port of London* to any other town, port, or place whatfoever, the kingdom, within the fame kingdom, without a certificate firft had and ^r<SxtifiSw^ obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the cuftoms at or neareft to the town, port, or place, from which fuch wine is intended to be fo removed, certifying that the duties due and payable for fuch wine had been paid at the port or place of importation, or that the fame was wine fold for falvage, or that the fame had been compounded for or condemned, as the cafe may be; referring to the time when, and ■ the place where, fuch wine was entered, fold, compounded for, or condemned, and expreffing the quantity and fort of wine, with the marks of the package thereof, to what place, and to whom the lame is configned, and by what carriage, and by whpm the fame is intended to be removed; which fafts (hall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor of fuch wine; and if the wine is to be removed by land, the certificate (hall alfo exprefs and limit the time for which fuch certificate (hall continue in force.

Oaths and certificAes to he adminifter-ed, &c. by the collector, &c. without fee. All wine removed without a certificate, &c. (hall be forfeited, with the cattle and carriages removing the fame.

In cafe of difpute relative to removing wine, &c. proof to lie on the claimer.

IT. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the oaths and certificates herein-before required, (hall and may be adminiftered and granted by the colle<5tor and comptroller, or the chief officers of the cuftoms, in the manner before directed, without fee or reward.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That if any wine (hall be removed as aforefeid, or found removing, without the certificate herein-before required, or (hall not agree therewith, all fuch wine, and the cafks or other package thereof, together with the horfes, cattle, carts, waggons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatfoever, employed, or in any ways made ufe of in the removing, carrying, or conveying of fuch wine, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and after condemnation, difpofed of and divided in fuch manner as the like goods may for any other caufe of forfeiture be feized, profecuted, difpofed of, and divided, by any law in force.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any wine (hall be feized for being removed, or for being found removing, without fuch certificate, or any cattle or carriages (hall be feized for removing, or for having been ufed in removing fuch wine, and any doubt or difpute (hall arife whether fuch wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is

not removing, or fuch cattle or carriages hath or hath not been ufed in removing thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, the proof thereof (ball lie on the owner or

claimer

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1783-] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76.	357

claimer of fuch goods, and not upon the officer who (hall feize or flop the fame.

V.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-

&id. That if any perfon or perfons (hall falfely make oath to Penalty on any of the fads herein-before required to be fworn, fuch perfon perlon* fwcar-or perfons (hall, on convi&ion thereof, fuffer the like pains andlng talfc penalties as are incurred by perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if any perfon or perfons (hall forge, counter- and on forfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify, any certificate required or direded altering by this aft, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufe of any cer- •*rtl^Jje#i tificate fo forged, counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfificd, fuch Kc' 5 perfon or perfons fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife as (hall fue and profe-cute fcfr the fame in any court of record at JVcflminJler% or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpedtively.

VI.	And whereas the large dtawback or bounty allowed upon the exportation of refined fugar from Great Britain into foreign parts, hath been and maybe an encouragement to fraudulent traders to re land fucb fugars in this kingdom, after the fame bath been entered outwards far exportation, in order to receive the drawback or bounty thereon; for remedy whereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of Septem- From Sept. r9 &r, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, no draw- 17*3* no back or bounty (hall be allowed upon the exportation of any drawback to Britijh refined fugar, unlefs fuch fugar (hall be packed in hog- expormfon^ (heads, or other calks, each of which (hall contain fix hundred Britifo refined weight avoirdupois of fuch fugar at the lead, and (hall not be fugar, unief* packed in bags, boxes, or in any other packages within fuch pa£kc<Vfi hoglhead or calk; except fuch fugars as (hall be exported to hundred * Africa^ or any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America, weight,

and (hall be packed in iron-bound puncheons or calks, each of Exception, which puncheons or calks (hall be capable of containing one ' hundred gallons of liquor, or more; and the exporter or pro- Exporter, &c. prietor of fuch fugar, together with the matter of the veflel on g»vc bond* board of which the fame (hall be entered for exportation, (hall, amountVf1* before the (hipping thereof, give bond to the collector and thc drawback, comptroller of the cuttoms at the port of exportation, (which for the due * bond they are hereby imppwered to take in the name and to exportation of the ufe of his Majefty, hjs heirs and fucceflors,) in treble the‘uch fuSdr' amount of the drawback or bounty on fuch fugar, for the due exportation thereof, (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted j) and that fuch fugar (hall not be brought back or relanded, or unihipped to be relanded, in Great Britain, the lfie \f Many or the iftands^of Faro or Ferro: and if fuch fugar fo All fugar fo entered for exportat ion, (hall not be bona fide (hipped and ex- entered,which ported on board the veflel on which the fame (hall be fo enter- 0111,1 no* ** f ed, or if fuch fugar, after the (hipping thereof, (hall be brought ^forfeited, back into this kingdom, or be relanded, or unfhipped with ail with the vcf-intention to be relanded, in this kingdom, (unlefs in cafe of fel, &c,

dittrefs

Digitized by

GoO£ 2

358	Anno	vlcefimo	tertio	GeoRGIi	It!.	C.77.	t*783-

diftrefs to fave the (hip from perilling, or by order of the com-miffioners, or principal officers of the cuftoms,) fuch fogar, ten gether with the (hip or vcffcl from which the fame (hall be un-(hipped, and the boats* vefiels, and all other cattle and carriages whatfoever ufed in the landing, removing* carrying or Penalty on conveying of fuch fugar, (hall be forfeited and loft $ and every perfons aflift- perfon who (hall bring back, or who (hall caufe or procure in in unfhip. fuch fagar t0 ^ brought back, or (hall be affifting or otherwife landingt^re- concerned in the bringing back, relanding, or unfhipping fuch of. 8	’	fugar, or to whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly come, after

the fame (hall be brought back, relanded, or unihipped, or by whofe privity, knowledge, or direction, the faid fugar, or any part thereof, (hall be brought back, relanded, or unihipped, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof: which faid forfeitures and penalties (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms j and, after condemnation, difpofed of and divided in fuch manner and form as the like goods and penalties may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, difpofed of, and divided, by any law in force.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That the bonds herein-before directed to be token for the due exportation of fuch fugar, (hall remain undiichaigbd in the hands of the officers who took the fame for three years from the dates thereof; and in cafe no profecution (hall be commenced for fome breach or non-performance of the conditions thereof within three years after the dates of fuch bonds; or if, upon fuch profecution, judgement be not obtained for bis Ms-jefty within the fpace of two years after the profecution is commenced, fuch bonds (hall be void, and (hall be cancelled, but not otherwife.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority

Perfons fued aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, *5£ex£cuting or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance ot Sead the^ge- x^s	Per^on anc* Pcrf°ns Audi and may plead the ge-

neral iffuef * neral iflue, and (hall give this aft, and the fpecial matter in and (hall be cadence > anc* if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defend-entitled to ant or defendants, or the plaintiff (hall difeontinue his action, treble cofts. or he nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him upon

demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII.-

Bonds to remain three years in the officers hands/&c.

An aft for the more effeftual encouragement of the manufaftuw tj flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Preamble. VT7HEREAS it is of confluence that the manufafturts pro-VV duced from the raw materials of flax and cotton, emptying and maintaining great numbers of his Majeftfs fubjefts, fbouli ti preftrued % promoted, and encouraged, but which are now greatly d-flruftcd by the high duties payable on fopt, forth, and other drtirfu

necejisrj

Digitized by Google

1783.] Anno vlcefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77.	35^

ntceffiarily employed and eonfumed therein ; be it therefore enaCted

by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of

the fame. That, from and after the firft day of January} one From Jan. 1,

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall and may be 1784, manu-

lawful to and for any perfon or perfonsin the manufacturing °f flaxland#°t

flax or cotton, and bringing the fame to a finilhed date for fale, ton.^c.^*

or in any part of the procels or progrefs thereof, and who (hall make oath

employ, fpend, and confume any quantity or quantities of fope before a pro-

or ftarch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing P**

of flax or cotton to a finifhed manufacture for fale, or in any of^ope^adC#

part of the progrefs of the fame, (excepting fope employed, ftarch con-

fpcnt, and eonfumed in whitening new linen in the piece for fumed by

fale> the drawbacks on which (hall be and remain the fame as

by any former aCt or aCts of parliament,) or to and for his, her, nufafture &c!

or their overfeers or chief workmen employed under him, her,

or them, in thofe works, or any of them, at the end of each

year from the date of the entry herein-after directed to be made,

or within fix months thereafter, to make proof by the oath of

the perfon or perfons who (hall fo employ, fpend, or confume

the (aid fope or darch, or of his, her, or their overfeer or chief

workman, before the collector or fupervifor of excife of the dif-

triCt or divifion, or either of ‘them, where fope or darch, or

cither of them, (hall be fo employed, fpent, and eonfumed,

(who are hereby refpeCtively empowered arid required to admi-nifter the fame;) which faid oath (hall fpecify the kinds and quantities of the manufactures fo made, prepared, whitened, or fini(hed, and the days between which and the places where the fame were fo made, prepared, whitened, or finifhed refpeCtively, and the quantities and kinds of the fope or darch which were actually employed, fpent, and eonfumed therein; and that no allowance or drawback, by virtue of this or any other aCt or aCts of parliament, was before made to fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, or for his, her, or their benefit, of the duties payable for the fope or ftarch fo fpecified in fuch oath, or any f part thereof; and that upon the making of every fuch oath, the Collector, out faid collector of excife, out of the (honey in his hands which of the money (hall have arifen for the duty upon fope, granted by an aCt JJf the duty* made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Cn fope,

Anne, (intituled, An aft for laying feveral duties upon all fope and granted by paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon 10 Annsc» chequered and Jlriped linens imported; and upon certain folks, colli- c* 191 coes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, or flawed \ and upon feveral kinds of flamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements, for raiftng the fount of eighteen hundred thoufand pounds by way of lottery, towards her Majefty's {upply 5 and for licenflng an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better fecuring her Majefty's duties to arffe in the office for theft amp* duties by licences for marriages and otberwife \ and for relief of per-

font

Digitized by Google '

$6o	Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII III. C. 77. [1783.

fons	who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have

loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the uft of and continued ^ publick;) and continued by an aft made in the third year of by % Geo. 1. the	reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled,

c* 7 i	An	aft for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to

pay off principal and inter ejl on the orders made forth on four lottery afts, paffed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the here-ditary excifey according to a former aft in that behalf; and for efta-blijbing a general yearly fundy not only for the future payment of an* nuities at fevered rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England and redeemable by parliament; but alfo to raift monies for fucb proprietors of the faid orders as fball cboofe to be paid their prin* cipal and arrears of intereft in ready money; and for making gpod fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this aft are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linfeed imported, and Britifh linen ex-Jhall pay to ported;) (hall, and is hereby authorized and required forthwith fuch manu- to pay to the faid manufacturer or manufacturers a drawback fa&urers a 0f the duty on fope, at the rate of three farthings for every pound at?ibpeCfo°n wc,8^t °f hard fop** ancI three farthings for every pound weight ufed;	of foft fope, which (hall be ufed and confumed in preparing and

(Exception0 finifhing all manufactures from flax or cotton for fale, (except fuch fope as (hall be ufed in whitening new linen in the piece, and out of the *n order for. fale;) and the faid collector, out of the money in money in his his hands which (hall have arifen for the duties upon ftarch, bands of the (hall, and is hereby authorized and required to pay to the (aid ftarch'°a manufacturer or manufacturers, a drawback of the duties on drawback on ftarch, at the rate of one penny halfpenny for every pound all ftarch fo weight of (larch which (hall be ufed and.confumed in preparing ufed,	and fini(hmg all manufactures from flax or cotton for fale, (ex-

cept fuch ftarch as (hall he ufed and confumed in fini(hing new linen in the piece for fale;) and the faid collector, out of the money in his hands which (hall have arifen for the duties upon ftarch, (hall and is hereby authorized and required to pay to ^ the faid manufacturer or manufacturers three-pence for every pound weight of ftarch which (hall be ufed and confumed in If collector finifhing new linen in the piece for fale : and in cafe the col-Jhali not have leCtor (hall not then have money fufficient in his hands to fatisfy money fu(E. fuch payments, that then, and in every fuch cafe; the refpeCtive be is to certify commi®oners of the excife in England and Scotland for the time the fame to * being, upon a certificate thereof from the faid collector (who is the commif- hereby required to make and (ign fuch certificate,) (hall, and fionert, are hereby authorized and required forthwith to caufe fuch payment to be made out of any monies arifing from the duty on fope, granted by the faid aCt made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anney and continued by the faid aft made in the third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and out of the duties on ftarch refpcCtivdy, without any further delay.

II.	And be^it further enaflcd and declared by the authority

uforebid,

Digitized by

Google

* 7®3-] Aiino vicefimo tertio GEoftoIi itl. c.$6*

aForefaid, That the owner or chief workman employed in any Maniifeetu-tnanufaCtoiy of flax or cotton, in order to be intirled to the ch^fWork-benefit of this alt, (hall produce an account from his books, man> t0 pr0* Opon oath, of the fope and (larch purchafed by him for the ufe duce an ac. of his manufactory, fpecifying from whom tnc fatrie was pur- c°u/*t, upo* chafed, the quantity a&ually given out to be ufed attd confumed for the year immediately preceding, and the amount of each ftjrch ufed different fpecies of goods, either raw or manufactured, in which by him in his the laid fope and ftarch refpeCtivcly has been ufed and contain- manufaftory* cd; and provided that each and every manufacturer of flax or	Lp^r j

cotton, or his or her overfeer Or chieF workman, (hall, and arc and ^ * hereby obliged and directed from time to time to keep an ac- aif0 a weekly Count of all fuch (opt and ftarch refpeCttvdy as ftull be employ- account) ed, fpent, and confumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of flax Or cotton to a finifhed manufacture for tale; and (hall once in every week enter in a book, to be kept for that putpofe, an account of the quantity or quantities of fope and ftarch fo employed, fpent, and con* fumed in each week refpeCtively, and alfo of the particular fpecies of manufacture in which such fope and ftarch (hall have been employed, fpent, and confumed; which faid book, fo to to be probe kept by each manufacturer, or his or her overfeer or chief duwa to te* workman, (hall at all times, when demanded by any officer of ™*jr excife, be produced to fuch officer, to be by him perufed and 9 infpeded, the better to prevent unjuft claims of the drawback by this aCt granted of the duties on fope and ftarch; and that once in every year, or at the time that the manufacturer (hall apply for the drawback of the duties granted by this aCt, the faid book (hall be delivered to the collector of excife, upon the oath of the perfon who kept the fame, and made the entries therein, of the truth of fuch entries, which book (halt be left and remain with fuch collector.

III.	Provided alfo, That where there is * fuperinteridirtg WheretheriU owner, and likewife an ovCrfeet* or chief workman, each (hall* * faperimerid-Within fix months after the expiration of the preceding year to ^0*nCy’r Which their refpeClive claims apply, produce their accounts on feer, caXftnlt oath before the faid collector of excife, who is hereby required produceaheir fend impowered to adthinifter fuch oath ; which oath lhall be in accounts, on the words, or to the effeCl, following:	the^oUcftS#

Oath for the owner, or fuperintending agent or manager*

1A. B. owner, or one of the owners, or fuperintending manager, of the work tarried on at under the name or firm of	do folemnly fweari

That the abjirafi hereunto annexed contains a juft and true account of the quantify of fope and ftarth rcfpefliVely purchafed by me for the ufe of the faid work under my management, of the quantify delivered out to toe overfeer fot confumption, end of the quantity of each different fpecies of goods upon which the faid fope end ftarch has been ujed and confumed from the	day	of

Vol. XXXIV.	Bb	to

Digitized by k^ooQle

3fa	Anno	vicefimo	tcrtio	Geo&gii	IlL	c. 77.	£1783.

of tie	day of and tbat% to

the bejl of my knowledge and belief tie fold fope and Jlarch has ham charged with, and that the duty chargeable thereon has been duly paid» and that neither the whole nor any part of the faid duties have ham before drawn back or allowed, to the befl of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Oath for the overfeen

I A. B. principal overfeer of the work carried on at

under the name or firm of	do felemnJy

fwear, That the book of account which I now exhibit contains a juft and true account of the quantity and quality of the fope and fiarcb re-fpeftively employed, fpent9 and tonfumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, or whitening flax or cotton, from the day of	to	the	day of

and that the fame was actually ufed and eon-fumed in preparing, bleaching, whitening, or finifbing flax $r cotton goods for faley and not for private ufle ; and that neither the wbde% nor any part of the faid dutics9 has been before drawn back or allowed 9 to the bejl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

IV.	And be It further enacted by the authority aforefjud9 Importation That the whole duties of cuftoms, payable and chargeable by duties on any adl or acts of parliament on the importation of brimftone a^iahoetre an^ kbpetre> anc* confumed in making oil of vitriol* (ball con fumed in * be repaid and drawn back on the oath of the maker of fuch oil making oil of of vitriol at the end of the year from the date of the entry bere-vitriol, to t>c in-after mentioned, or within fix months thereafter; and a cer-repaid. tificate or debenture (hall be given by the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms of the port or diftrict within which fuch brhnftone and faltpetre (hall have been ufed and confumed in making oil of vitriol, equal to the duties and cuftoms paid upon the importation of fuch brimftone and faltpetre; which debenture (hall be paid by thtf refpcvtive commiilioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland, out of the money in their hands arming from the duties on brimftone and faltpetre: provided always, That the maker of fuch oil of vitriol (hall produce a,certificate, from the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms where fuch brimftone and faltpetre was imported* of the fame having paid the duties charged thereon.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autbo-Manufa&ur- rity aforefaid. That no manufacturer of flax or cotton (hall cn of flax and c]ajm 0r receive any benefit from this act, unlefs he (hall have makers of oil cntcre(* bis name and place of abode with the collector of excifc of vitriol, to of the collection or diftrict wherein fuch manufacturer (hall cany enter their on his manufacture, at lead one year before making his chua, names and and (hall, in fuch entry, fpecify the articles upon which a draw-pwxoot	back]

Digitized by boogie

1783.] Anna Tkefkno tertio Georgii III. c. 77.	363

back it to be claimed; and that no maker of oil of vitriol fhall abode with claim the benefit of this aCt, uplefs he (hall have entered his of^xdfe^nd name and place of abode with the collector of the cuftoms of cuftoms. the port or diftriCt within which his work (hall be carried on, at lead one year before his making his claim, and (hall, in fucb entry, fpecify the articles upon which a drawback is to be claimed.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That no fee, Penalty on of-gjratuity, or reward whatfoevcr, (hall be required, demanded, J*ccr**ak,n£ or taken, from any of the faid manufacturers, or their overfeers [a^ureni18”*-or chief workmen,' for making any of the payments of the faid Cept 6d.’for allowances or drawbacks for fope and (larch confumed in the writing each faid manufactures, or drawbacks on brimftone and faltpetre, or oath» &c* for making or taking any of the faid oaths, or granting any certificate relating thereto, except fixpcnce for writing every fucti oath or certificate; upon pain that any of the faid officers offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, pay treble damages to the party aggrieved, befides cofts of fuit, to be recorded in fiich manner as any other penalties herein-after mentioned.

VII. Andy for the better preventing frauds and abufes in obtaining tb$ allowance* and payments herein-before mentioned, it is hereby farther efiaCted. That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, Manofa<5lu-or Sir or her chief Workman or overfeer, or fuperintending ma- fCfrf"?an!!g rikger, or any maker of oil of vitriol, (hall, m the oath or oaths oat^before httfefn-befofe directed to be taken, fwear any matter or thing mentioned, to that (Hall 6e faife and untrue, with an intent to defraud his forfeit iool.

Majefty, hia heirs or fucceflors, fuch perfon or perfons offending therein (hail, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the Turn •t one hundred pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one third part thereof to the me of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other two third parts thereof, with cofts of fuit, to the ufe of the informer or profecutor; and if fuch perfon or perfons fftatl again offend in the like kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any court of record at IVeJlminflery or in any of the courts of Scotlondy every fuch perfon (hall, for every fubfequent offence, fuffer (uch and the like pains and puniftiments as in cafes of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII.	And be it further enafled. That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her chief workman or overfeer employed in keeping the book, in which are required to be entered the weekly confumption of fope and ftarch refpeCtivcly, (hall fwear any matter or thin? that (hall be falfe and untrue, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and be thereof duly conviCled in any of the courts aforefaid, fuch manufacturer, chief workman, or overfeer, (hall, for the firft offence, be committed to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offender (hall be convicted, therein to remain for anytime not exceeding fix months; and for every fubfequent offence, (hall fuffer fuch and the like pains and puniftiments as in cafes of wilful and corrupt perjury,

B b 2	IX.	And

and for a fe-cond offence, (hall fuffer as in cafes of corrupt perjury.

If any manu-fa&urer, or his workman keeping the account of the weekly confumption of fope, 6cc. (hall (wear falfely, he (hall be com* mitted for 6 months;

and for a fe-cond offence, fuffer as in cafes of corrupt perjury.

3*5+

Cojumuance ot th'u ad.

Preamble.

Recital of t o Geo. x. e. io.

5 Geo. ». c* 24.

Anno vicefimo tertio GioRGH III. C. 7$, 79.	[178$;

IX.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefoid. That this aft (hall continue to be m force for and during the full term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. LXXVIlI.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the (hiking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the (ervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty three § and for further appropriating the (applies granted in this Tdfoon of partia-raent.------ 2,100,0001. granted out of the finking fund.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft for the further encouraging the growth of cbffee and cocoa nuts, in his Majejly's tjlands and plantations in America.

WH E R E A S by an aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Firjl, [intituled, An ad for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa riuts, chocolate, and cocoa pafte, imported ; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for'prohibit* ing the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafte j and for better afeertaining the duties payable upon. coffee^ tea, and cocoa nuts, imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Carnwath,) it wasamongjl other things eu* afted and declared, That, in lieu of certain duties, then potable by former afts, an inland duty Jbould be charged and impofed upon all coffee to be fold in Great Britain, from dnd after tbo twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four, after the rate of two Jhillings per pound avoirdupois; and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, over and above * all cujloms, fubftdies, and duties, which then remained payable to his Majejly for the fame, upon the importation thereof: and whereas by an aft, made in the fifth year of bis late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An a<5t for encouraging the growth ^of coffee in his Majefty’s plantations in America,) after reciting, there was great reafon to believe, that the foil and climate of the ijland of Jamaica, and other Britifh plantations in America, were proper for the growth of coffee; and that great quantities of that commodity might be produced in the jaid plantations, ana from thence imported into this kingdom, if encouragement JboM be given for that purpofe, to the great advantage of this kingdom, and of the faid plantations \ therefore, for the encouraging the growth of coffee in the faid plantations, and the importation of the fame into ibis kingdom, it was enafted. That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-five, an coffee of the growth or produft of any of the Britifh plantations in America Jbould, in lieu of the faid inland duties of two /billing; per pound, pay an inland duty of one Jbilling and fix-pence, and no more*,, per pound weight avoirdupois7 and in that proportion for a greater or kjfer a	quantity.

Digitized by

Google -

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79:	365

quantity, and that the perfons nominated and appointed, by virtue

af the /aid therein and herein firft mentioned aft, to manage and

coUeft the /aid inland duty arifing thereby, Jhould, and were thereby

empowered to take and receive the fum of one Jbilling and ftxpence

per pound weight, and no more, for all coffee of the growth and

product of the Britifh plantations: and whereas the lowering the

duty on coffee, the growth and product of the Britifh ijlands and

plantations in America, would fti/l more encourage the growth of

coffee in the /aid ifiands and plantations, if the duty on coffee,

the growth and produce of tbofe ijlands and plantations, Jhould be

further leffened: now, therefore, be it enacted by the King’s

xnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Fr?m Ja!l* *•*

from and after the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven the produce of

hundred and eighty-four, all coffee, of the growth and produce the Britifh

of any of the Brittjb ifiands or plantations in America, (hall, in ifland*» &c- **

lieu of the faid inland duty of one (hilling and fixpence per ^mean7n)and

pound weight, pay an inland duty,of fixpence per pound weight dutyof^*6™

avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jeffer quan- per pound, in*

tity; and the perfons nominated and appointed, by virtue of Itead of n. 6d.

the faid herein firft mentioned a<5t, to manage and colled the '

faid inland duty to arife thereby, (hall, and are hereby im-

powered to take and receive the fum of fixpence per pound

weight, and no more, for all coffee, of the growth and produce

of the faid Brittjb ifiands or plantations above mentioned; any

thingHn the faid aGt to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it ertaded. That the faid duty of The faid duty fixpehce per pound weight avoirdupois, (hall be applicable to the to be appii-ufes and purpofes contained and declared in the faid adf of the ^^nrion-tenth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the e/inThe^ft" Firft; and all officers employed in managing and collecting the i0Geo. 1. ' fame, and all perfons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in fbch coffee, (hall be fubjedt to the rules, limitations, reftridti-ons, forfeitures, and penalties, to be profecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prcfcribed and directed.

HI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A,1the That all the powers, rules, regulations, authorities, directions, ^ns, &c.for" ipethods, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, ra,flngand re-r which, in and by the faid adt made in the fifth year of the reign covering the of his faid late majefty King George the Second, are provided, duties granted fettled, or eftablilhed, for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, regulating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, the duties piicable tothis thereby granted, (hall beexercifed, applied, ufed, and put in exe- a ft. cution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, colledting, mitigating, recovering, afeertaining, and paying, the faid duty upon coffee, hereby impofed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, regulations* authorities, directions, methods, claufes, penalties* matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadted in the body of this prcfcnt adf. •

*	'	B	b	3	JV.Pro*

Digitized by CjOO^IC

366	Anno	viccfimo	tertio	Gborgii	III.	c.	79*	[1

IV. Provided alfb, and it is hereby further enafted, That aH coffee, fo to be brought from the (aid iflands or plantations, (hall be imported in fuch packages, and in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, reftriftions, and forfeiturues, as in. and by an aft, made in the fifth year of his prefent Msjefty’s reign* (intituled. An aft for the better ft curing, and further improvement* of the revenues of cuftoms, excife, inland and fait duties 5 end

ufal

Coffee import-ed from the faid i(lands, &c. to be in fuch packages, and un-der fuch regulations, as mentioned in aft 5 Geo. 3. c. 43.

for encouraging the linen manufaflure of the Ifle of Man need

Recital of at Geo. 3. 55*

for allowing the importation of feveral goods, the produce and 1 nufatlure of the faid ifiand, under certain rejlrifiions and regulate• mu,) are provided and required.

V.	And whereas by an aft, made in the twenty-firfi year of tit reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effeftual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the management of the com-roiflioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punftual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on mak; and for rectifying a miftake in an aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, with refpeft to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impofed by the faid aft,) it was enafted, That there fianU be Qnfwered and paid to his Majefiy, bis heirs and fucceJfors,far ad upon all cocoa nuts then already, or which Jhould thereafter be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties then already payable for the fame at the cujlom-houfe, an inland duty after the rate of eighteen-pence each pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, fubjeft to the additional impejl of five pounds per centum, and of five pounds per centum, in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as the addition nalduty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majefiy by two feveral afts, the one made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefiy's reign, (intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain}) and and si Geo. 3.	ot^er ma^e *n tw*nty~firjl year of his prefent Majefiy $ reign,

c. 17;	*	(intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty an additional duty

upon the produce of feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive commiffioners of excifer in Great Britain:) and whereas the prefent high duty upon cocoa nuts may operate to the Sf couragement of the planters: now, for encouraging the growth of cocoa nuts in the faid iflands and plantations, and the importation of the fame into this kingdom, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the frid fifth day of January, all cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of any of tht Britijb iflands or plantations in America, fliall, in lieu of the Bdtith^flandi	e*ghteci*-pence	cach	pound	weight avoirdupois,

9 chargeable by the faid aft, pay am inland duty-of fixpence per

1	pound

Digitized by Google

19 Geo. 3. c* *5S

From Jan. 5. 1784. cocoa nuts, the produce of the

i 7®3*] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.	367

pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for each pound weight &c. in Ame-avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jefler quan- f^and°du^v o? tity; and the perfons nominated by virtue of the faid recited ad	^	°

of the twenty-firft year of his prefent Majefty, to manage and pound, infteid colled the faid duty of eighteen pence per pound weight avoir- of is. 6d. dupois, lhall, and are hereby impowered to take and receive the fum of fixpence per pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for all cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of the Britijb iflands and plantations above mentioned ; any thing in the faid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That the faid duty The faid duty of fixpence per pound weight avoirdupois (hall be applicable to ** aPPlicV4 the ufes and purpofes contained and declared in the faid ad of ^*Ii^^8eC0Il. the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty ; and all tained in the officers employed in managing and cplleding the fame,' and all ad of ax perfons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in, fuch cocoa Gco* J* nuts, (hall be fubjed to the rules, limitations, reftridions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be profecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. From Jan. 5. That, from and after the faid fifth day of January, no cocoa cobnuts to be nuts ftiall be fuffered to be put on board any (hip or veflel in put on board any of his Majefty’s iflands or plantations in America, until the any veflel in planter or grower of fuch cocoa nuts, or his known agent, (hall Jbe Britiih make oath or affirmation in writing, before two of his Ma- Am ’ a^unfil jefty’s juftices of the peace, in or near to the place where the faid ^plamer cocoa nuts grew, (which oath or affirmation fuch juftices are thereof, &c. hereby impowered to adminifter,) that the fame is adualJy of hasmadeoath the growth and produce of fuch planter’s or grower’s planta- j{jat

tion, lying in the diftrid, divifidn, or parifh of	within	oHntoim

the ifland or colony of	; which oath or affirmation plantation.

(Rail be produced to the colledor, comptroller, and naval offi- Suc^ oath to cer, or any of them, by the perfon or perfons who (hall enter be produced or (hip fuch cocoa nuts, before the entry and (hipping thereof to the proper for Great Britain; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall like wife make oath or affirmation before the faid officers, or any two of ^ an_ them. That the cocoa nuts then to be (hipped are the very other oath to fame cocoa nuts, dhd no other than what are mentioned in fuch be taken, oath or affirmation of the planter or grower, or his known agent, as aforefaid ; which oath or affirmation the colledor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, at the port where the faid cocoa nuts are to be loaded, or any two of them, are impowered to adminifter; and the (aid colledor and comptroller, and naval officer, are hereby required to deliver a certificate of fuch affidavit or affirmation, under their refpedive hands and feals, to the commander or mafter of fuch (hip or veflel on board of which the faid cocoa nuts are to be (hipped; and the mafter, or perfon having command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, before clearing his (hip or veflel, alfo make oath Mafter of the in like manner, that he has received fuch cocoa nuts on board veflel alfo to bis (hip or veflel, and that he has no more or other cocoa nuts be fworn,

JB b 4*	i	on

'	Digitized by VjOO^ 1C



Anno viceflmo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. [17$^

qn board his (hip or veflel than fuch for which proofs (hall' bp made as aforefaid, and that he will not take or receive any more cocoa nuts on board before his arrival in Greet Britem, and making a report of his lading there; for which affidavit or affirmation and certificate, the faid colle&or and comptroller, or naval officer, (hall receive, as a fee or reward, the fucn of Certificates of five (hillings, and no more; and all certificates ot fuch affida-fuch affida-	yits qr affiriqatioqs (hall, by the commander or piafter of fuch

v,“l°h?	(hip or veflel importing fucn cocoa nuts into this kingdom, be

the pioper^ produced by fuch matter, or perfon having command of the offioerrt\s (hip or veflel, to the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms port of import the port where fuch (hip (hall unlade, at the time of making Muog, his report 5 and (hall at the fame time deliver to fuch coliedor gnd comptroller a certificate, under the hands and feals of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and nav?l officer, of the port or place where fuch cocoa nuts (hall have been (hipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular quantities of fetch cocoa nuts which (hall be fo laden, and of Vrhich fuch proofs (hall be made as aforefaid, fpecifying the package or packages in which the fame i$ contained, with the particular marks, pumbers, and'weights qf each package; and the (aid matter (hall likewife make oath, or, if he be one of the people called Quakers^ folemniy affirm before them, that the cocoa nuts in tne faid certificate or certificates mentioned were truly taken on bojud, as in the faid certificate or certificates is exprefled; and that after his departure from the place or places where fuch cocoa nuts, mentioned in fuch certificate or certificates, were laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden on board his faid (hip or veflel, either at fea or elfewhere, any parcel or parcels of copoa nuts, and that all the cocoa nuts on board his faid (hip are mentioned and fet forth in the faid cer-qpon entry of tificate or certificates j and, upon the entry of fuch cocoa nuts fuch nuts at at the cqftom-houfe, and paying or fecuring the feveral duties the curtom- then due thereon, a mark mall be fet on every parcel, denoting parcel fhall be t0 conla*n cocoa nuts of the growth of the Britijb plantatn marked, to ons, and where and by what (hip imported; and thereupon denote they fuch parcel and parcels of cocoa nuts, fo marked, (hall he lodged a ctKegr?w*11 in a warehoufe or warehoufes, purfuant tp the directions of plantations	a<^> in the tenth year of the reign af his hte

fa 9 majefty King George the Firft; ana the importer or proprietor of any parcel or parcels of cocoa nuts, or any other perfon who (hall be employed by fuch importer or proprietor to make an entry with the receiver or collector of the (aid inland duty, (hall deliver to the faid receiver or collector the faid certificate or certificates of the affidavit or affirmation of the growth of the faid cocoa nuts in the Britijb plantations, made before the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and naval officer, together \vith the faid oath or affirmation made, as aforefaid, by the tnaftcr of fuch (hip or veflel at ^he port where fuefi cocoa nuts were taken on hoard, together with the oath or affirmation, or a copy thereof, made by the planter or grower before two of

Digitized by

Google

3*9

1783.] Anno vicefimo tcrtio GpoRGH III. c. 79.

liis Majefty’s jufticcs of the peace there, in the manner before directed; as alfo the faid certificate of the package, marks, and numbers of the cocoa nuts, fo laden on board ; which faid certificate or certificates, oath or affirmation, (hall remain with the faid collector or receiver of the faid inland duty.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

That no commander, or other perfon having charge of any (hip fomm^ndT or vefiel, (hall take in, or permit to fuffer to be taken in, at any wboftiail take of his Majefty’s faid iflands or plantations in America, or at fea, onboard, or or in any creek, harbour, or other place in America, or (hall land, in Ame. land, or fuffer or permit to be landed, out of any (hip or veflel ricl* &c*

in any of the faid iflands or plantations, any cocoa nuts of the ££2^™ growth or produce of any foreign country, (except fuch cocoa nuts growth, as (hall be regularly exported from Great Britain,) on pain of ^exception.) forfeitingall fuch cocoa nuts, and the fum of two hundred pounds, and likewife (hall fuffer twelve months imprifooment; fuch forfeiture to be fued for, recovered, and adjudged, in any court of record in any of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, or in any of |iis Majefty’s iflands pr plantations; and what (hall be reco- Application!* yered in purfuance of this alt, in any court of record in any of penalties, his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, (hall be paid, one moiety td bis Majefty, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame; and what (ball be recovered in the faid iflands or plantations ,/hall be divided, one third to his Majefty, one third to the governor or commander in chief, and the other third to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

IX.	And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That if any Perfons (Wear-perfon (hall falfely make any oath or affirmation, by this all di- ing faifely

• relied to be made, and thereof (hall be legally convided in any uo^er ***“ ***» of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of the faid plantations where fuch offence was committed, fuch perfon or perfons, fo guilty,

Dial] forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and be imprifoned or forging a for the fpace of twelve months; and if any perfon (hall forge or certificate,Ac* counterfeit a certificate of the faid oath or affirmation, or (hall pubiifh fuch certificate, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, and (hall be legally convided thereof in any of the courts aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of two hun-r ^fett dred pounds; and fuch forfeiture (hall be paid, one moiety to aool. his Majefty, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered and divided as is before direlted and appointed.	The duties

X.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That by this aft the feveral duties by this ad impofed on coffee and cocoa nuts, impofed on the growth and produce of Britijh iflands and plantations, (hall be fubjelt and liable to additional duties or impofts of five be liable to pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per the additional centum, fevqrally impofed by the ads refpedively made in the 5 P** «"*»• nineteenth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fecond years of the reign of bis pryfpnt Majefty; u^on the produce and amount thereof * 19l %lf aud

and %% Geo. y

Digitized by Google

370	Anno	vicefitrto tertio GeoRGH III. C. So. [1783-

and that fuch additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules and regulations, powers and authofri-ties, ways, means, and methods, as the faid additional duties or imports are by the faid ads of the nineteenth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, dire&ed to be colleded and paid.

Limitation of XI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid, adions. That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfens, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this ad, fuch adion or fuit (nail be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid m the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in fuch General iffue. adion or fuit (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this ad; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or Treble cofti. defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX.

An atf? for appointing commiffioners to enquire into tie Ioffes andfer• vices of all fnth perfons who have fuffered in tbeir rights, proper-ties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy dijfentions in America, in confequenct of their loyalty to bis MajeJiy, and attachment to the Britiih government.

^T/HERE AS, during the late unhappy dijfentions in Ame-Preamble * * TK*9 man* °f J*ur Majefly's faithful fubjefts have, in consequence of their loyalty to your Majefly, and attachment to the Britiih government, end their obedience to your Majefly s proclamation, and various other proclamations and manifefloes, ijfued by your Majefly's commiffioners, generals, and governors, fuffired in their rights, properties, and profeffions, infomucb that feveral well-deferving perfons are reduced from affluence to circumjlances fo Jlraitentd as to require the aid of a temporary fupport, which has been allotted to them by the commiffioners of the treafury, by annual allowances made, and oecafional affiftance by films of money given to them from the revenues of your Majefly's civil lift, the amount of which has hitherto been made good by parliament; and your faithful commons not doubting but that your Majefly's mofi earnejl endeavours will be Employed for procuring from the united ftaUs of America reflitution of or recompence for the eflates and tffe&s of theft who have thus unhappily fuffered, and intending to give all due aid and affljlance to tbofe who may return to America for the recovery

*f

Digitized by Google

37*

1783*] Annp.vicefimotartio GeoKGH III. c.8o.

tf their formtr pofftffimtender the	pro and

extend fucb relief to others who may, by particular circum/lancts, be

deprived of that advantage, as their refpedive may require, and

the publish afford-, tt which end, tt is	that a diligent

and impartial enquiry floould be made into the Ioffes and fervices of all ftuh per tons as may, within the time hernn-after limited for that purpofe, claim or rtqueft 'fitchaid or relief as is hereby intended to be given: We pray your Majefty that it may be ena&ed 5 and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lortty fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authotity of the fame. That John Hfilmot efquire, Daniel Parker Commiffion-Coke efquire, colonel Robert Kingfion, colonel Thames Dundas, *r* appointed and John AAarJb efquire, (hall be, and they are hereby confti-rated commiffioners for enquiring into the rcfpeftive lodes and ana fa-r ices of fervices of all fuch perfon and perfons who have differed in the American' their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy loyalift*. diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb Government. -

II.	And be it further enaded. That anythree commiffioners Commiffion-in this a& named, before they enter upon the execution of the era to be lame, (hall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King's Bench, Common Pleas,or barons of the Exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to adminifter,) in the form following; that is to fay,

I A. B. do	fwear,That, according to the fkill and The	oath.

knowledge,	I will faithfuVy,	impartially, and truly execute

the feveral powers and trufis vejled in me by an ad, (intituled.

An a& for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the lodes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy dif-fentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijb government,) according to the tenor and purport tf the faid ad.

And every other of the faid Commiffioners in this aft named,

(hall likewife take the fame oath, before the (hid three commit doners,. who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame, after they (hall themfelves have taken the faid oath as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be Commiffion-lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, and re- JJJ, quired, to examine, upon oath, (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter,) all perfons whom the faid commiffioners, or atty three or more of them, (hall think fit to examine touching all filch matters and things as (hall be neceffary for the execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffionersby this a&; and all fuch per*

n \ f°n»

Digitized by VjOOQlC

37*

Anno vicefimo tcrtlo Georgii III. c. 80. C1

Tons are hereby dire&ed and required punctually to attead the laid coaunilTioners at fuch time or place as they, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the Gad commiffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho*

the office of fixed to meet and lit, from time to time, at the office of the late the late fecre- fecretary of Hate for the Am department, with or without tary for Ame- adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fix Their powers. f^ch books, papers, writings, or records, as they lhall judge rac-ceflary for their information in the execution of the powers veiled in the laid commiffioners by this a<51; and the Cud cotn-miffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint and employ fuch clerks, mefTengers, ana officers, as they (hall think meet; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trull in them Severally and refpeftively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fervice, other than fuch falary or reward as the laid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, lhall think fit to direft and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if it lhall appear tq the faid commiffioners that any perfon (hall have delivered to. them an account or claim beyond the real loft, with an intent to obtain more than a juft compenfation, the faid commiffioners (hall, with all convenient difpatch, report fuch account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, who are hereby authorized to make fuch further enqqiry upon the cafe as they (hal| think proper; and if they, or any three of them, (hall be of opinion that fuch amount or claim is fraudulent, then fuch perfon (hall be abfolutely excluded from any compenfation or provilion whatfoever.

Perfon* wil- VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, fully giving That in cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon talle evidence, oath before the faid commiffioners refpeftively, as before men-t0 tioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falie evidence, every of corrupt** *uch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, perjury. (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no claim or requeft of any perfon or perfons for aid or relief on account of the lofs of any property during the late diflentions in America, (hall b: received after the twenty-fifth day of , one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, Thqt the (aid com million-tbeir proceed- ers (hall, from time to time, at their diicretion, or as often as treafur th*nd tf*ey (hall be thereunto required, and as foon as polfible t«Tthe were- after the determination of their examinations and proceedings tarie* of ftate. by virtqe of this aft, without any further requifitioq, give aoafr

n .	count

Digitized by VjOOQlC

Per (baa who

deliver i& fraudulent claims, to be excluded from any compen-6non*

Limitation of the time for receiving claiins.

Com million-ers to give an account of

37}

1783*] .Anno vIceGmo tertio (jEDRGii III. fc.8 r, 82.

count of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commifll-oners of his Majefty’s treafury, and to his Majefty’s principal fccretaries of date for the time being.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That the lords commiflioners Treafury to 6f the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, are pay ft|oooi. hereby authorized and required to iflfue and caufc to be paid all to the order foch lums of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds, to °f com~ facb perfon or perfon* as the faid commiilioners, or any three

or more of them, (hall, by writing under their hands, defire or direct, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer; which fum fo iflued and paid} ^ ^ empl«f-fliaH be employed for the payment of clerks, meffengfcrs, and ed in paying other officers, and in defraying all other ncccflary charges in or clerks, mef-about the execution of the powers of this aA, and in fuch man- f<n,8er|i iter and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiilioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf; the fame to be accounted for, by the perfon or peffons to whom the fame (hall be iflued and paid, according' to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer without any fee or other charges to be taken on the pafling of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiflion-era, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint.

X.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforelaid,In call of ta-That in cafebf a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignation cancy, by

of anyone or more of the faid commiflioners, during the recefs death, Scc. of of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty to no- er^^Tngthe minate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think pro- re£cft of par-per to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; ^hd that every jperfon liamtnt, bis fo nominated and appointed lhall be held and confidered to be Majefty may inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the com-miffioners appointed by this aA.

XI.	And be it further enaAed, That this a A (hall continue Continuance in force for two years from the pafling of this aA and no of this aA* longer^

CAP. LXXXI.

An aA for preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, daring the operation of two aAs paffcd m this prefent feffion of parliament for allowing the importation of corn.

Recital of cap. i. of the prefent feflion. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from England, befote Aug. *6, 1783; nor from Scotland, before Sept. *6, 1783. Recital of c« 53, of the prefent feifion. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from certain comities in Scotland, during the allowance of importation by the King and council.

CAP. LXXXII.

An ail for efablijhing certain regulations in tbe receipt of bit Ma-JeJifs exchequer.

WHEREAS it appears, from the reports made by the tom- preamye> mijfontrs appointed tt examine, take and fate the publick

accounts

Digitized by

Google

374

Anno VkefinxHertio Georgia III. c.82,	[1783;

accounts of the kingdom* that in tbi receipt of bis Mtjejly's exchequer there are feveral ufelefsy expenfive* and unnecejfary offices 5 and that the emoluments artfing from other of the offices in the faid re-tetpt of ixcbequer, are become excefftve\ and that the mode of peering the officers by allowances, fees9 and gratuities, is inconvenient both to the pubic and to individuals : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by (he King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pretent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the tame. That the feveral offices of the two chamberlains, the tally cotter, and of the uther of the exchequer, (hall, from and after the death, (offender, forfeiture, or removal, of tbe prefect pofiefiors of fuch offices refpeAirdy, and after the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the perfons refpeAively entitled thereto, after the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefect pofleflbrs, be abolilhed.

II. And be it enacted, That, upon the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, inftead of the tally now in ufe to

_........ denote the receipt of money at the faid receipt, there fhalt be

to bp abioiifh- fubftituted an indented cheque receipt of each futn fo received;

which receipt (hall be made out by the officer of the auditor attending in the tally court, figned by him, and by tbe officer of the clerk of the pells; and upon paffiog any account of money received, the receipt ihall be produced, together with the account, and examined with the counterfoil of the cheque in the office of the auditor; and the account (hall be compared with the entry in the office of the auditor, and with the record

The offices of tbe two-' chjunbcr-lainv, tally cutter, and ulher of the exchequer, after the death, See. of tbe prefent pofldTors, and thofe entitled after them.

Upon tbe, death, *cc. of the chamberlains, an indented cheque receipt to be

ftead of the tally nqw ufcd, &c.

Upon the death. See

*a t*lc °®cc °f the clerk of the pells, and the truth of the account (hall be certified by the officers checking the fame ; and the cuftody of one of the keys to the tellers chefts, the ftand-ard weights and meafures, and the fiandard pieces of gold and lilver, (hall be committed to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer; any former ufage or cuftom to the cod* trary notwithftanding.

III. And be it enaAed, That, upoir the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the u(her of the exchequer, and up-of the prefent on the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the per* jjfher, °f fon entitled to the faid office, after the death, furrender, fbr-fuchnecefary ^citurc? or removal, of the prefent pofleflbr of the faid office, articles ^ the chief or prefiding officer, in each refpeAivc office in the which have faid receipt of exchequer, (hall fupply his office with all fuch been provided neceflary articles as have been heretofore provided by the u(bcr ffialfbe fup- thc rccc*Pt 5 an<* fuch chief or prefiding officer (hall be allowed fuch annual fum of money, for and in lieu of all fuch oeceflary articles, fo heretofore provided by the ufher of the (aid receipt, as (hall be appointed tty the commiffioners of his Ma-

hall be fup< plied by tbe prefiding officer in each office.

jefl^s treafury.

Aft th d - x T • And be it enaAed, That, from and after the detenni-terminafan'of nat*on °f the intereft of each of the four tellers in the receipt the intereft of of his Majefty’s exchequer, the office of fecond clerk to each u	%	refpeAivc

Digitized by t^ooQle

1783-] Anno vicefimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 82.	375

refpeftive teller (hall be, and the fame is hereby aboIHhed; and the tellers, the proportion of fees, now belonging to fuch fecond clerks, *he °®ce °£ Hull be carried fo, and made part oL the monies herein-after aboUih-directed to be referved for the purpofcs in this aft mentioned, ed.

V.	And be it enafted, That from and after the death, for- After the render, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefent auditor, of the pre- death. &c. of font clerk of the pells, of any or either of the four tellers, or two the prefent chamberlains of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, the clerk of the payment of all falaries, fees, allowances, perquiGtes, gratui- ^\\9y &c. ties, and emoluments, to the (aid fcveral officers in the receipt the payment pf the exchequer, (hall ceafe and be difconjinued; and that gratuities, in lieu and inftead thereof, there (hall be paid to the auditor (^'officers the fum of four thoufand pounds per annum; to the chief clerk (hall ceafe. erf the auditor, one thoufand poundsper annum •, to the clerk Certain fums of the pells, three thoufand pounds per annum; to the firft clerk to be paid to the clerk of the pells, eight huodred pounds per annum ; to tj*em the firff clerk to the clerk of the pells, as, receiver of the money thereof# arifing from, the fees herein-after direfted to be received, two hundred pounds per annum; to each of the four tellers, two thoufand feven hundred pounds per annum; to each of the firft clerks to the faid four tellers, one thoufand pounds per annum: and the faid auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers refpec-tively, are hereby impowered to appoint fuch other clerk# and officers, to affift in their refpeftive offices, as they (hall judge neceffary 5 and fuch clerks and other officers (hall be paid fueh Jalarie* out of the fees hereinafter direfted to be received for their trouble and attendance in the office* afbrefaid, as to the faid auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers rcfpeftiyejy,

(hall appear fit and proper; fubjeft, neverthelefs, to the con-troul and approbation of the commifliooers of his Majefty's treafury for the time being; which (hall be accepted by them in lieu of all fees, allowances, gratuities, and emoluments, heretofore paid to or received by them; and fuch falaries as afore- After which laid (hall be paid and payable out of the fees herein-after di- offices re-refted to be received ; and if any of the officers aforefaid (ex-	)

cept the perfon or perfons herein-after direfted to receive fuch foil forfCfc fees) (hs^il receive ,or demand any fees, allowances, gratuities, their offices* qr emoluments, every fuch officer fo offending, (hall be adjudged tp have forfeited his office, and his office is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convifted thereof in due form of law, (hall moreover be fubjeft and liable to the penalties inflifted by law for extortion*

VI.	And be it enafted, That upon the death, furrender, On death, fee. forfeiture, or removal, of any or either of the four tellers or of tellers, or two chamberlains of the faid receipt of exchequer, the pro- ho^their^r*-portion of fees belonging to the refpeftive officer fo dying, fur- portion o?r0" rendering, forfeiting, or being removed, (hall be carried to fees fhalt be and made part of the monies arifing from the fees herein after difpofedof. directed to be referved for the payment of the feveral fums di-jrcrfted to be paid by this aft; and the officer who (hall fuoceed to the refpeftive office, fo vacant by death, furrender, forfeiture.

Digitized by Google

37®

Anno vicefimo teftlb GeoROIi III. c. 82.	[	783.'

Clauife relative to the tally cotter and hit dem-

ure, or removal as aforefaid, his refpeftive deputy and clerks, (hall be paid their refpeftive fabrics, herein-before direfted to be allowed to them refoeftively, out of fuch monies fo direfted to be referved as aforefaid*.

VII.	And be it enafted, That in cafe of the death, furrend-er, forfeiture, or removal, of the tally cutter, before the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains, the faid office of tally cutter (hall be difeontinued, and the duty of fuch office (hall be executed by the deputy of fuch tally cutter, who (hall be paid his falary or allowance out of the monies fo referved as aforefaid, and the fees and gratuities now paid to and received by the. tally cutter (hall be carried to anil made part of the monies arifing from the fees herein-after di-refted to be referved for the payment of the feveral Aims directed to be paid by this aft.

VIII.	And be it enafted. That all taxes, to which the officers aforefaid are now fubjeft, (hall be paid out of the monies arifing by the fees herein-after direfted to be received.

IX.	And be it enafted. That, the fame fees and gratuities that are now allowed and taken by the feveral and re* fpeftive officers aforefaid, (hall (till continue to be paid and received by the firft clerk to the clerk of the pells, who is hereby authorize] and appointed to receive the fame, or, in his abfence, by the next fenior clerk in the pell office, who (hall give fuch fecurity for duly accounting for the fame, as (hall be approved of by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being; and a particular and diftinft account (hall be kept thereof, and (hall be accounted for to the commiffioners of his Ma« jefty»s treafury for the time being, who are hereby required

iWi how to

be paid.

Fees to whom to be paid;

applied.

Houfes appropriated tor the oft of the auditor* and other officers, fhall, after their deaths, &c. be vefted in his Maju-

ro direft the furplus, if any (hall remain after the payment of the refpeftive fums herein-before direfted to be paid*. to be carried to the account of the monies applicable to the ufes of his Majefty’s civil government, and to the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, in the proportions following; that is to fay, one third part thereof to the account of the monies applicable to the ufes of his Majefty’s civil government, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the faid (inking fund; but in cafe the fees, herein-before direfted to be referved for paying the feveral Turns direfted by this aft to be paid thereout, fhall not be fufficient to anfwer and pay the fame* then, and in that cafe, the fame (hall be paid and payable out of the monies applicable to the ufes of his Majefty’s civil government, and out of fuch of the monies of the faid finking fund as are not direfted to be applied by any aft or afts of parliament, in the proportions herein-before mentioned.

X. And be it enafted, That the houfes at prefent appropriated for theufe of the auditor, the four tellers, and of thenfher of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, (hail after the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefent officers, or any or either of them, be no longer annexed to their refpeftive oN ficcs, but (hall be vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

XI. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

1783.] Anno vicefimO tertio Georgii III. c. 83.'	377

XI.	And be it enacted, That from and after the paffing of No office in this a<5t, it (hall not be lawful to grant any office in the receipt J*1®■ext-fiequer of his Majefty's exchequer, either in pofleflion or reverfion, c°nt*ary**®* in any other manner than fubjedt to the directions of this adt. this aftf

cap. LXxxiiL

An att fot granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain fums due, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the faidt company, opt the terms therein mentioned, a certain funt of money to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills; and to Enable the faid company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Chriftmas, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on Eaft India goods i

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of Erigland Preamble trading to the Eaft Indies, Jland indebted to his Majefty, for cuftoms on goods imported, in fundry fums of money, amounting together to the fum offix hundred forty four thoufand feven hundred forty-three pounds, feventeert Jhillings, ahdMvo-pence, after making certain deductions and allowances, to which by lav) the faid company are intitled, on due payment of the faid cuftoms on or before the refpeflive days on which the fame become due $ which faid cuftoms became due at the feveral and refpeflive times herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay), the fum of one hundred fixty-three thoufand Recital of the three hundred ftxty-feven pounds, twelve /billings, and four pence, fa™* due part thereof, on the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hun- *hc dred and eighty one ; the fum of one hundred ninety-one thoufand ht^Majefty*, eight hundred ftxty-eight pounds, four /hillings, and eight-pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; the fum of fifteen thoufand nine hundred thirty-one pounds, and feventeen /hillings, other part thereof, on the twenty-fetond day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and'eighty-two; the fum of two thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds, four /billings, and /even-pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day 0/ February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; the fum of twenty-three thoufand one hundred forty -eight pounds, four Jhillings, and faur-pence, other part thereof, on the twentyfixth day ^February, one thoufand feven hundred and eigbty-two; the fum of forty-two thoufand one hundred and five pounds, £x/hillings, and ten-pence, other part thereof, on the twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three ; and the fum of two hundred and fix thoufand one hundred feventy-two pounds, feven Jhillings, and five-pence, refidue thereof, on the firft day of June, one thoufand feven Imndred and eighty-three: and whereas the faid united company will become further indebted to bis Majefty for Other cuftoms on goods, before the tenth day of December, one thouftnd	feven hundred and eighty-three* in further

you XXXIV, c c

Digitized by vjOOQle

378	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii lit. c. 83.	[1783;

of moneyy to the amount of two hundred and feventy thoufandpounds, or thereabouts: and whereaSy by means of the faid cufioms, already due and hereafter to become duey not being paid at the refpefttve times the fame became due orjball become duey as aforefaidy the faid company y befides lofing the benefit of the faid deductions and allow ancesy are and will be liable fo pay inter efi for the fame, at and after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum: and whereaSy by an aft made in the twenty-fir(I year of the reign of bis prefent Recital of Majejly, (intituledy An a<St tor eftabliming an agreement with *1 Geo. Ill, the united company of merchants of England trading to the caP*	Eaft Indiesy for the payment of the fum of four hundred thou-

fand pounds, for the ufe of the publick, in full difcharge and fatisfa&ion of all claims and demands of the publick from the time the bond debt of the faid company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firft day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in re-fpedt of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies 5 and alfo for fecuring to the publick in re-fpedt thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the faid company; and for granting to the faid company, for a further term, the foie and exclufive trade to and from the Eaft Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for eftablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the faid company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the faid company} it was amongfi other things enaftedy That the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds Jbouldy by the faid united company, be paid into the receipt of his Majeftfs ex-chequery at the times and in the proportions therein mentioned\ the loft *	of which payments was of the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, and

was to have been made on the firfi day ^December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one\ for the ufe of the publicity as therein is mentioned ; and in cafe the faid united company fhould make failure in any of the faid payments, on or before the days therein mentioned, then the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhould be made, fhould bo recovered to his Majefiy's ufe by fuch aftion or fuit as therein is mentioned; and upon fuch aftion or fuit there fhould be further recovered to bis Majefiy’s ufe, again ft the faid united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the re-fpeftivt monies Jo unpaid contrary to the faid aft, together with full softs of fuit: and it was thereby further enaftedy Thaty from and after the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, for and during fo long time as the faid united company, under the authority of that aft, fhould be in tit led to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade and trajfick in, to, and from the Eaft Indies, and places aforefaidy the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and , oxpences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the faid company, after providing for? the current payment of inter efi, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid 'company, fhould from time to time be difpofed of and applied in manner

Digitized by CjOOQle

1783.] Anno vicefimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 83.

ner therein and berein-after mentioned; (that is to fay), it Jbould be lawful for the faid united company to Jet apart and retain, in the firjl place, in each and every year, fucb fum as Jbould be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capitalJlock of the faid united company of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds; and in cafe there Jbould remain a fur plus of the faid clear revenues and profits, above the faid fum of eight pounds per centum per annum, fo to be retained by the faid united company as aforefaid, three fourth parts of fuch furplus profits Jbould be fet opart and applied for the ufe of the publitk, and the remaining one fourth part thereof fiouli be referved and retained by the faid united company for their own ufe: and it was thereby further enafted, That it Jbould be lawful for the faid united company to apply fucb money as they were therein before authorized to retain to themfehes, and alfo other money in the faid aft mentioned, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the fiofk of the faid united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds and ten /hillings per centum per annum, provided the bond debt of the faid united company did not at any fuch time exceed one million five hundred thoufand pounds; and provided that they did not increafe the prefent dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year ; and, in order to afcertain the yearly nett profits arifing from the faid united company's trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the faid united company Jbould caufe to be made up yearly, for each and every year, during the term therein mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the cafe would admit, a fiatement of the profit and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid united company, together with a Jlate of the debts of the faid united company in England, from thefirfi day ^March in every year, to the firfi day of March in each fucceeding year$ which faid account was to be figned and delivered to the commiffioners of his Majejlys treafury, or the high treasurer for the time being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas a fiatement hath been duly made up of the profit and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid united company from the firfi Day of March, one thoufana /even hundred and eighty-two, to the firfi day of March, one thoufand feveil hunirtd and eighty-three ; whereby it appears, that the nett profits of the faid united company in that year did not amount to fo much as a dividend upon the Jlock of the faid united company at the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by the fum of two hundred fifty five thoufand eight hundred and thirteen pounds: and whereas the payment of the faid fum of fix hundred forty-four thoufand feven hundred forty-three pounds, /eventeen Jhillings and two-pence, which became due for cufioms at fuch feveral limes as heretn-before are mentioned, and of the faid fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, which became due on the firfi day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eight-one, bath been pofiponed, and further time allowed for the payment thereof until the tenth day of Auguft, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-three, by the lords commiffioners of his Majefiy's treafury, purfuant to power to them for that purpofe given in and by an aft made in

C c %	this

380	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

Kecital of tJjfo prefent feffton of parliament, (intituled, An aft to difcharge the prefent an<* indemnify the united company of merchants of England leflion. trading to the Eajl Indies, from all damages, intereft, and Ioffes, in refpeft to their not making regular payment of certain fums due, and to become due, to the publick, and to allow further time for fuch payment; and to enable the company to borrow a certain fum of money; and to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Midjummer, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-three); and by the fame abt, in order to give a temporary relief to the faid united company, in refpetf to their commercial debts, it was enabled, That it fbould be lawful for the faid united company to borrow money upon, and ijjue bonds under their common feal, as the affairs of the faid company might require, not exceeding the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds beyond the amount of the company's then prefent bond debt: and where-as the iffuing of fuch bonds tts aforefaid will encreafe the faid company's bond debt beyond the fum of one million five hundred thou-fand pounds: and whereas, by means of the expences of the wars and boflilities in India and in Europe, the faid company is become much difireffed in their affairs at home: upon confederation whereof t it is found neccjfary to grant further relief to the faid company, by allowing further time for the payment of the faid debts, due and to become due to his Majefiy, and by lending the faid company a further fum of money, as herein-after mentioned; and it is fit and expedient that the faid company fhould be allowed to conlinne their pre-'	Jent dividend at Chriftmas next, at the rate of eight pounds per

centum per annum; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent CommUfion- parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That crs of the it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his trowereVto" Majefty *s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of aUowThe10 them, to poftpone and allow further time for the payment of company fur- the faid fum of fix hundred forty-four thoufand feven hundred ther time for forty-three pounds, feventeen (hillings, and two-pence, which the fient	bccame due for	cuftoms at fuch	feveral times as herein-before

and^become arc mentioned,	and of the faid	fum of one hundred thoufand

due, to his	pounds, which	became due on	the firft day of December, one

Majefty,	thoufand feven	hundred and eighty-one, and to allow time for

payment of fuch fums as (hall become due for cuftoms before the tenth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or any part or parts of the faid feveral fums re-fpeftively, unto fuch time or times as they (hall think 6t, not exceeding forty days next after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament; and if the faid united company do and (hall pay the faid fums refpeftiveJy, at fuch time or times to which the faid payments, or any part thereof refpeftively, (hall be poftponed as aforefaid, the fame (hall be accepted and received in like manner as if the faid fums refpeftively had been paid on or before the feveral and refpeftive days on which the

(aid

Digitized by LjOOQle

1783.J Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83.	381

faid funis became due; and the faid united company, upon fuch payment at fuch poftponed time or times, (hall be freed and dilcharged from all damages, intereft, and Ioffes, which they became liable to by means of not having made the faid payments refpedively at the feveral times on which the fame became due; and ftiall be intitled unto, and have the fame discounts, allowances, and advantages, as if the faid fums respectively had been paid on or before the feveral and refpedive days on which they became due; any thing in the faid recited adts, or any other aCt or aCts of parliament, in any wife not-withftanding.

II.	Andy in order to give further relief to the fend united com-fanj in refpeft to their debtsy and the better to enable them to pay the fame, we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflemblcd, do mod humbly befeech your Majedy that it may be enaCted; and Commiflioners be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall ?f the treafury and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s J^a^w/xchc-° treafury now and for the time being, or any three or more of quc^bifls to" them, or for the high treafurer for the time being, and he and the amount they refpedively are of is hereby authorized and impowered, of 300,0001.$ at any time or times before the tenth day of October, one thou-fand Seven hundred and eighty-three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to direCt, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his Majedy’s exchequer, any number of exchequer *bills, for fuch Sum or fums of money as he or they (hall think mod proper and convenient, fo as all the principal fums to be contained in the bills fo to be made forth by virtue of this ad, do not exceed in the whole the Sum of three hundred thoufand pounds, (exclufive of any exchequer bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other aCt or ads parted in this feflion of parliament, for the publick fervice); to bear an in-and the faid exchequer bills, fo to be made forth in purfuance percent, of this ad, (hall bear an intered not exceeding the rate of per annum, * four pounds and fifteen (hillings per centum per annum, and pro-portionably for any greater or lefs fum to be contained therein,

1 to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedively; which faid exchequer bills (hall be made out in the like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and diredions, as in and by an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled, An a ft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand Jcven hundred and eighty three), are enaded and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills authorized to be made forth in The bills to purfuance of the faid ad; and the commiflioners of his Ma- be delivered jefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or to the court more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are directors, or is hereby authorised and impowered to dired the faid ex- &c* chequer bills to be delivered to or to the order of the court of diredors of the faid united company, to be by them pafled away and negotiated for the purpofe of railing money to pay

gc^edbyX

In the land tax aft of this feflion,

£ball be applied to the

bi'ls to be made in pur-fuance of this ad.

Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again In payment of any taxes.

Anno vicelimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 83.	[1785#

the debts, and to anfwer other the occafions and affairs of the laid company.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. All the That all and every the daufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, reUt^lroex- ^vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained chequer bills,” ^n	kft mentioned ad, relating to the exchequer bills

------j authorized to be made out by the fame ad, (except fuch claufes

as do charge the fame on the duties granted by the fame a&, and except fuch daufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid (except, &c.) for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the f*id ad, and alfo except as herein-after is mentioned), fhall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of this ad, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid lad mentioned ad, or as if the faid Teveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of this ad.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out by virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been iflued ?t the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, received, or pafs or be current to any receiver or colledor in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his neirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledor, or from any other perfop or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, othersvife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch oills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth day of April$ nor (hall any receiver or colledor exchange, at any time before the faid fixth day of April, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued as aforefaid by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any adion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledor for negleding or refufing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the faid fixth day of April; any thing in the faid ad, made in this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, or in this ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. That all fuch exchequer bills, together with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of the monies to be paid

nor exchanged before April 6, 1786.

Action not to lie tor fuchrefufa).

Money (b raifed to he repaid out of the monies to be paid into

the exchequer into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, by the united com by the Eaft nonv

India company*

pany of merchants of England trading to the Eaf Indies, in the manner and at the times herein-after direded and appointed;

i	and

-Digitized by VjOOQIC

1785*] Anno vlcefimo tertio Georgii III. C. 83,	3S3

and in cafe fuch monies, fo to be paid into the receipt of the and if Aiffi-exchequer, (hall not be fufticient to' fatisfy and difeharge all j**”* fo the principal monies contained in fuch exchequer bills, toge- paid ^before gether with all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, in- April 6,1786, cident to and attending the fame, and that (hall incur and grow due thereupon before the faid fixth day of April, then, and in t0 be charged fuch cafe, the faid exchequer bills, or fuch part thereof as (hall on the i^ext remain unfatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the in-parliamentary tereft due and to grow due thereupon, and all other charges * and expences incurred, or to be' incurred, in refpeft of the fame exchequer bills, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the firft aids or fupplies that (hall or may " j be granted by parliament, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and in cafe fufficient aids aAd CQi\^ or fupplies for that purpofcfbafl not be granted before the fifth raijy on thC day of July* one thpuland feven hundred and eighty-fix, then finking fund, all the faid exchequer bills, together with the in tereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame,

(hall be, and ixt hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at dny time or times at or before the faid fifth day of Jufyj (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund,

(except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be ifiiied and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, fuch exchequer bills fo remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that pur-pofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo illued out of the Monies fo if-faid furplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, and other revenues (bed out of the compbfing the faid finking fund, (hall, from time to time,

replaced by and out of the firft aids or fupplies to be then after QUt of the firft granted in parliament.	fupplies.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and com- Bank author-pany of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majefty, rized to ad-at the receipt of the exchequer or to the fait) united company, vance the fajd upon the credit of the exchequer bills direfted to be made forth cr^ of this by virtue of this aft, any fum or fums of money, not exceed- a&5 ing in the whole the fum of three hundred thousand pounds ; ^	^

any thing in an aft, made in the fifth and fixth years of the GuL&Mari* reign of king William and queen Mary, intituled. An aft for notwithftand-granting to their Majejlies fiveral rata and duties upon tonnage of ing.

Jbips and veffels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recommences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fuch

C 0,4	perfm

Digitized by CjOOQIC

384	Anno	vicefimo tert'10 Georgii III. c. 83'. [1783;

perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five bun-dred tboufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas, in the prefent circumfiances of tbe Eaft

x	India company, it will not be in their power to provide for the pay

■ ment of the* Jaid debts due to bis Majefiy, or for tbe repayment of fucb loan at aforefaid, andfor again reducing their bond debt to one million five hundred tboufand pounds, (which is expedient to be done), unlefs the public Jbould agree to forego for the prefent, all participation in the profits arifing from the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in tbe Eaft Indies, in order that provifkn may be made for fucb payments as aforefaid; be it therefore further How the pro* ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That until the (aid debts fits arifing due l0 h;s Majefty (hall be paid, the faid fum of three hundred ritorial acmri- thoufand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the faid com-fitions, and Pany be again reduced to one million five hundred thoufand the trade of pounds, the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial ompany, acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and ex-pences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the faid company, after providing for the current payments of intereft, and other outgoings, charges, and ex-pences, of the faid company, and for fuch dividends to the proprietors of the ftock of the faid company as they (hall be intitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, (hall from time to time be djfpofed pf and applied in manner following; that to fay. In the firft place, in diminution and payment of the frid debts due to his Majefty, until the fame lhall be fully paid; and afterwards in diminution and payment of the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, and intereft, and for defraying the charges incurred in refpefl thereof; and then in reducing the bond debt of thp faid company until the fame fha)l be reduped to one million five hundred thoufand pounds.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That after the faid debts due to his Majefty (hall be paid, and until the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds (hall have been repaid, the faid united company (hall from time to time pay, or caufe to be paid, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, fuch furplus of the clear revenues qnd profits of the faid company as is hercin-before directed to be applied in fuch payment; which faid payments (hall be made as often as the faid company (hall have money which can be appropriated for that purpofe; and the fame (hall be applied, in the firft plape, for anfwering and paying all fuch intereft, premium, rate and charges, as (hall have grown due in refpe<ft of the exchequer bills made out, ifTued, and circulated as aforefaid; and in the next place, as far as the fame will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, all fuch of the faid exchequer bills as (hall then remain uncancelled.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

.	-	,	That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid united

pa^'pwCcen<r company to fet apart apd apply at Cbriftmas next, fo mncji

fnoqey

uidii uc ap-

After the debts due to his Majefiy are paid, the furplus profits of the company to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Company

Digitized by LjOOQle

1783.] Anno vicefimo tcrtio Georgii III. C.84, Sf. 385

money as (hall be equal to four pounds per centum on the capi- for the next tal of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, as and for a dividend to the proprietors of the (lock of the faid company for half a year, from the fifth day of July* one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid deficiency of two hundred fifty-five thoufand eight Deficiency of hundred and thirteen pounds, appearing in the faid annual account made up to the firft day of March, one thoufand feven account3”©011 hundred and eighty-three, (hall be carried forward as a charge be carried for-in the account of the prefent year.	ward as a

XII.	And whereas [undry drawbacks ef part of the duties of charge in this cvftoms payable on Eaft India goods* are allowed on the exportation ac“

of jucb goods from this kingdom* the debentures for which drawbacks are often paid to the Eaft India company as cajb, in part of payment of goods fold at the company9s Jqles: and whereas the Jiaid debentures cannot be received and allowed* by the officers of his Majefty9s cuftoms* in payment of any duties of lujloms other than the cuftoms due for the fame fpecies of goods for which the faid debentures are made* by reafon whereof the [aid company are often obliged to keep the faid debentures for a great length of time; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and Claufe rela-every debentures, for payment of any drawbacks of the duties tire to pay-of cuftoms on Eaft India goods, (hall at all times be received ®en"tu®^; from the united company of merchants of England trading to drawbacks on the Eaft Indies, by the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in pay- Eaft India ment of any kind of duties of cuftoms due from the faid goods, united company on Eaft India goods, in like manner as if fuch debentures were paid in for duties of cuftoms due on the fame kind of goods therein mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft to enable his Majefty to raife a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, to pay off and difeharge the debts due and owing on the civil lift.—To raife 55,000!. as in the land tax aft.

CAP. LXXXV.

An alt for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ufe of the right honourable fir George Auguftus Eliott, knight of the mofl honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the eminent fcruices performed by him to bis Majefty and this country.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majefty* by your moft gracious meffiage Preamble.

to your faithful commons* has been pleafed to fignify your dejire of conferring feme fignal mark of your royal favour upon lot right honourable fer George Auguftus Eliott, knight of the moft *	honourable

•	Google

386	Anno vicefimo tcrtlo Georg 11 III. c.85. £1783.

honour abb or dor of the bath,for the very diftinguijbed and important fervices performed by him to your Atajefly and this country, by hit brave and gallant defence of Gibraltar, and for that purpofe to grant to the faid fir George Auguftus Eliott, for the term of bis lift, and for the life of his fon, Francis Auguftus Eliott, an anmdty of one tboufand five hundred pounds per annum; but that it mot bring in your Majefiy's power to grant the fame, or to fettle the fold annuity beyond the term of your Majefiy's own life, recommended it to the houfe to conftder of a proper method of enabling your Majtjly to grant the faid annuity, and of fettling and fecuring the fame in the mojl effectual manner for the benefit of the faid fir George Auguftus Eliott: We, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje6b, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, duly confidering your Majefty’s moft gracious intention, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with' the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the au-A life annuity thority of the fame. That the faid fir George Augufius Eliott, his of 1,5001 per executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, (hall have, receive, and ann. fettled on enjoy, at the receipt of the exchequer, for and during tbe na-Auguftus6	tura* *ives>	feid fir George Auguftus Eliott, and of his

Eliott, and	fon, Francis Auguftus Eliott, for and during the natural life of

his fon	the longer liver of them, one annuity, or yearly tent or fum of

FrftK^Fi^U"-	onc thoufand five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great

guitus iottj Britain, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, she duties and revenues which compofe the fund, commooly called The ' Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fuoh fum and Turns of money as have been directed by any former a& or a&s of parliament to be paid out of the fame; but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable to commence out of the faid aggregate fund;) which faid annuity, or yearly fron“ S«Pj* ,3« rent or fum, (hall commence and take effedt from the thirteenth be^paidquS- ^ September, which was in the year of our Lord one thou-terlyT **	*	fond	feven	hundred and eighty-two; the firft payment to be

computed from the faid thirteenth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufond feven hundred and eighty-three, and from thenceforth (hall be paid and payable at the four ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by even and equal portions.

The annuity II. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-to be paid at faid, That it (hall and may,be lawful to and for the commiffi-the exche- oners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high trea-wlthout furer and unde* treafurer of the exchequer, *od commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands, to diredt the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time j

being,

Digitized by

by Google

1783.7 Anno vicefimo tertio Georgij III. c. 85.	387

jeing, to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum of one thoq-fand five hundred pounds, as the fame Ihall from time to time become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof j which faid warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and pafled thereupon, (hall be a fufficient authority to the federal and refpeftive officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the pavment of the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum of one thoufana five hundred pounds, to the laid fir George Auguflus Eliott, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, at the refpeftive quarterly feaft days in this ad before appointed for payment thereof, without any. further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Jhe warrant faid. That after figning of fuch warrant, the fame (hall be good, oTtEeannukf valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true not to be demeaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable terminable or revocable by or upon the demife of his Majefty, (whom God uP?n tfh*.de* long preferve!) or of any of his heirs or fuccefiors, or by or up- Maiefty&c. on the death or removal of any of the faid commiffioners of 1 .

the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices of them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffio-That the commiffioners of the treafury now being, and the high treafurer of the treafury for the time being;, chancellor and un- chancellor of der treafurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and the exche-all other the officers and minifters of the court of exchequer, qu*r> "» and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, Jhinw necef-and they are hereby authorized and (triftly enjoined and requir- fary tor the* ed to do, without fee or reward, all fuch afts, matters, and execution of things, as are herein-before dirpfted and required, or (hall be thi* aft, with-neceffary to be done and performed by them or any, or either oot ***••

of them, in order to render this aft, and the feveral payments hereby direfted, effeftual.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the ac- -phe receipt

Quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the faid fir 0f fir George 'rtorge Auguflus Eliott, his executors, adminiftrators, and af- Auguflus figns, or of fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be intitled pr Eliott> h** authorized to receive the faid annuity, p.r yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, (hall be a good and fufficient difeharge for Cient dif-the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to charge, be fued for or obtained in that behalf} and that the faid an-Annuity to be nuity, or yeaily rent or fum, and every part thereof, (hall be tax-free, free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other pubjick charges whatfoever: and in cafe any of the officers of the How the an-receipt of his Majeffy’s exchequer (hall refufe or negleft to pay nuily ma* be the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, ac- recomtd* cording to the true intent and meaning of this aft, or to do any aft neceffary to enable the faid fir George Auguflus Eliott, his

u	executors.

Digitized by CjOOQ 1C

$€8	Anno vicefimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 86. £ 1783.

executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to receive the fame, then the faid George Auguftus Eliott, his executors, adminiftrators or affigns, may from time to time Cue, profecute, and implead fucn officers, or any of them, their executors and admioiftra-, tors, by bill, plaint, or a&ion of debt, and (hall or may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft fuch of* ficers refpe&ively, their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for fo much of fuch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof as (hall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer at the time or times when demands (hall have been legally made of the payment of the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, as aforefaid, or for the refufal or negledt to do any a& neceflary to be done by fuch officer or officers, to enable the faid fir George Augstftus Eliott y his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to receive the fame.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An at) for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on George lari Rodney, and the two next perfons to whom the barony of Rodney /ball defcendy in confederation of the eminent fervices performed by the faid George lord Rodney to his Majejly and the publick♦

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S your Majefty, by your moft gracious meffage to VV your moft faithful commonsy has been pleajed to declare 9 That your Majejly having taken into your royal confederation the many eminent ana fegnal fervices performed by George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, vice admiral fl/'fengland, and one of the admirals of the white9 his conduct in tbeWdk Indies in three feveral engagements9 in the months of April and May, one thoufand feven hundred and eightyy with a Juperior French fleets under the command of the count de Guichen; and bis great and glorious victories over the Spanifh fleety on the fexttenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, on his voyage to the relief of the garrifon of Gibraltar ; and over the French fleet in the Weft Indies, on the twelfth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; not only highly honourable to bimfelfy but greatly beneficial to your Majefty's kingdoms 5 your Majejly was deferous to beflow feme confiderable and lofting mark of your royal favour, as a teflimony of your Majefty s approbation for the faid fervices 5 and for this purpofe to give and grant unto the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and to the two next fiucceeding heirs male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the title of lord Rodney /ball defcendy for and during their livesy a nett annuity of two thoufand pounds per annum ; but your Majefty, not having it in your power to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the ejfeft of the faid grant beyond the term of your Majejly's own life, recommended tt to your faithful commons, to confldcr of a proper method of enabling

■	Digitized	by

jm

783.] Anno vicefimo tcrdo GeoRGH III. c. 86. *	389

*ur Majefty to grant the farm, of extrudings fecuring, yif-fuch annuity to the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney. and to the two next per/ons on whom the title of lord Rodney *>aU defcendy in futb manner as Jbould be thought mod effectual for be benefit of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and ns family: we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, he commons of Great Britain^ in parliament aflembled, duly :onfidering your Majefty’s mod gracious intention, do mod nimbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it rnadted by the King’? mod excellent majefty, by and with the id vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and :ommon$, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That one annuity, or yearly rent or fum a life an* of two thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, (hall nuityof »oooL be iflfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable up- *^a<ini{njiet" on, the duties and revenues which compofe the fund, com- Roa^°and monly called The Aggregate Funds and every or any of them, the two next (after paying, or relerving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and fucceeding fums of money as have been diredled by any former adt or adts h.cJrt to bl# of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference u t$ to all other payments which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the faid aggregate fund;) and the fame (hall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatfoever, in manner and form following; (that is to fay,) to George Brydges Rodney now lord Rodneys for and during the natural life of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and from and after his deceafe, unto the two next fucceedine heirs male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodneys on whom the faid title, honour, and dignity of lord Rodney (ha]l defcend, for and during their natural lives; which faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, (hall to commence commence and take effect from the twelfth day of Aprils which from April n, was in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two; the firft payment to be computed from the faid terjy# ** twelfth day of Aprils which was in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of Jufys in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth (hall be paid and payable at the four ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the tenth day of Octobers the fifth day of Januaryy the fifth day	^

of Aprils and the fifth day of Julyy in each and every year, by	~

even and equal portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commif- The annuity doners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high trea- to be paid at furer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commiflioners thc «*che-of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby autho- Wlt out rized and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum of two thoufand

Digitized by Google

r

3S°

Anno'ttedrtio wrdo GeOROil III. c. 86. [1783.

The warrant for payment of th# an* nuity not to ‘be determinable upon the demife of his Msjefty, See,

Commiflion-ert of the > treafury, chancellor of the exchequer, &c. are to do all things ne* jetflary for the execution of this aft, without fees.

The receipt of lord Rodney, and his fuccefTor*, (hall be a fuf-ficient dif-, charge.

Annuity to be tax-free.

How the annuity may be recovered.

fand pounds, ih manner as aforefaid, and as the fame (hall, from time to tithe, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken tor paying the fame, or any part thereof5 which faid warrant, and the debentures to be made forth, and parted thereupon, (hall be a fufficient authority to the feveral and refpeftive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, to the faid Gnrgi Brydges kodney lord Rodney, and the two next fucceeding heirs male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Ko&ney* at the refpeftive quarterly feaft days in this aft before appointed for payment thereof, without any/urther or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That after figning of fuch Warrant, the fame (hall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport ana true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demife of his Majefty,) whom God long preferve!) or of any of his heirs or fuccertbrs, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the faid Commiflioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, of by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners of the treafury now being, and the high treafurer of the treafury for the time being, chancellor and under treafurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, afid all other the officers and minirters of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (nail, and they are hereby authorized and rtriftly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all fuch afts, matters, and things, as afe herein-before direfted and required, or (hall be negeflajy to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this aft, and the feveral payments hereby direfted, effeftual.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the faid Georg* Brydges Rodney lord Rodney and the two next fucceeding heir! male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney^ on whom the faid tijle (hall defeend, (hall be a good and fufl& cient difcharge for the payment of the faid annuity or ycarls fum, without any further or other warrant to be fued for ol obtained in that behalf; and that the faid annuity, or year! rent ot fum, and every part thereof, (hall be free and clear fro< all taxes, impofitions, and other charges whatfoever: and i cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s cxchequt (hall refufe or negleft to pay the faid annuity, or yearly rent a fum, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meart ing of this aft, or to do any aft necertary to enable the faS George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next fucceediri heirs male of the body of the faid George Badges Rodney lof

Rodne

Digitized by

Google



783O Anno vicefimo tertio GeorgIi III. C. 87.'	39*

'todneji on whom the faid title, honour, and dignity of lord Zodney (hall defcend, to receive the fame, then the faid George ^rydgis Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next fucceeding heirs nale of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney,

>n whom the faid title (hall defcend, may, from time to time.

Vie, profecute, and implead fuch officers, or any of them, their xeirs, executors, or adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or adibn of icbt, and (hall and may recover judgements, and fue out exe-rutions thereupon, againft'fuch officers refpedively, their heirs, executor*, or adminiftrators, for fo much of fuch fum or Aims money, then due and owing upon the (aid annuity, yearly *ent or fum, or any part thereof, as (hall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, it the time or times when demands (hall have been legally made of the payment of the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof as aforefaid, or for the refufal or neglebl to do any a<5t neceflary to be done by fuch officer or officers refpe&ively.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the laid annuity, yearly rent or fum of two thoufand Annuity not pounds, (hall be, and the fame is by this adl veiled in the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next fucceed- edfdrmkmger ing heirs male of the body of the .faid George Brydges Rodney term than * lord Rodney, to whom the faid title, honour, and digflity of during the lord Rodney (hall defcend j and the lame, oir any part thereof,

Stall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, or* difpofed, charged, or incumbered, by the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, or by either of the two next fucceeding heirs male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodruy% on whom the faid title (hall defcend, for any greater or larger eftate, or time, than during the natural life of the per-fon Jo aliening, conveying, difpofing, charging, or incumbering the fame, or fo as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or fucceeding heir male of the body of the faid George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the faid title of lord Rodney (hail defcend, according to the limitation aforefaid.

CAP. LXXXVIL

An a£t for veiling certain raefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truftees. For the further fecuring his Majefty*s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Portfmouth j and for the more fafe and convenient carrying on of his Majefty’s gunpowder works and mills, near the tows of Faveribam.

For further and better fecuring his Majefty’s docks, (hips of war, and (lores, neceflary to ere& and raife additional fortifications at or near Oof-port ; and reciting that his Majefty’s gunpowder mills, near Favertbam, m Kent, had been blown up, and it was thought expedient to erebfc other works and buildings more remote from the faid town) and in order thereto, it was neceflary to purchafe the lands, &c. after mentioned, in Hampflrire and Kent. Ena&ed that certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parifh of Alverfloke, in Hampfhire) and certain other pieces of land, jmd tenements thereunto belonging, in the pa-pfhes^f Luddenham and Prefton, in Kent; and a certain piece of land, '	and

Digitized by

Google

392	Anno	vicefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 88. . [1783.

and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parUh of Faveriham, in Kent) and certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in • the pariih of Davington, in Kent; and alfo a piece of pafture land, fituate in the pariih of Faveriham; veiled in the right honourable Charles Wol-fran Cornwall, Jervoife Clerk Jervoife, Robert Thirtiethwaite, the honourable Charles Marlham, and Filmer Honeywood, efquires, and their heirs, &c. in truft for the refpe&ive owners, till the purchafe money, with intereft at 5 per cent, from the time of the board of ordnance* See, taking; pofleffion, be paid. Reafonable compensation to be ro^de to the

anetors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majefty irdpowered, itters patent under the great feal, to appoint commiflioners to determine claims to the faid lands, fitc. and any hve or more of them may proceed in a fummary way, on oath of witnefles, infpe&ion of deeds, &c. and, if the parties require it, by the inquell of twelve men, to enquire into the rights, icc. of any perfons, relating to the premifes, and to fend tor perfons, deeds, &c. Judgements and decrees of commiflioners to be entered in books, See. Copies thereof to be laid before both houfes of par-*	liament. Commiflioners to iflue their warrants to IherifFs to fummon

juries; who are to enquire into the value of lands, See. Penalty on (he-riffs or their officers making default soU.and not lefs than iol. and alfo on jurors not more than iol. In cafe a fufficient jury (had not appear upon return of the warrant, commiflioners may adjourn the inquefl, and iflue their warrant for firmmoning other jurors in room of defaulters. Commiflioners, after the inquefl (hall be taken, may adjourn, See, Commiflioners to give notice previous of their refpettive meetings 14 days before. If owners make default in appearing, Sec, to proceed upon the bell information can be obtained. On payment of the fums aflefled by jury, Sec, truftees to be deemed felted of the premifes for the ufe of bis Majefty. Pumps, wells, fitc. to be free. Officers of ordnance, within 30 days after meeting of next feffion, in a written declaration, to Specify the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the purports aforelaid: and all the lands not fo fpecified (hall be revelled in the former proprietors. Lands to be purchafed in purfuance of this afil, (hall be liable to the ufoal tithes and taxes: to be paid by the ftorekeeper of the ordnance. Commiffioners not liable to penalties in flat. 25 Car. a. c. 2. 1 Gul. Se Mar. c. 8. 13 and 14 Gul. 3. c. 6. nor 1 Geo. 1. c. 13. nor to be difqualified from bring • members of parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIIl.

An aft to extend the provi/tons of on aft> (intituled, An ad to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogoes, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of correction) to certain cafes not therein mentioned.

Preamble. TX7 HE R E A S divers ill-difpofedperfons are frequently appre-VV bended, having upon them implements for houfebreaking% or offenftve weapons, or are found in or upon houfes, warehoufesy coach-houfeSy Jlablesy or outhoufes, areas of houfes* inclofed yotas or gat-dens belonging to houfes, with intent to commit felonies \ and although their evil purpofes are thereby manifefted> the power of bis ' Majefty*s juftices of the peace to demand of them fureties for their good behaviour, hath not been offufficient effeft to prevent them from carrying their evil purpofes into execution j be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-After Aug. x,r*lty Gf the fame. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the ^rfon'appre- ^ day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-

thretj

Digitized by

Google

1783*] Artrio vlcefimo teftio GeoRGII III. t. 89.	3^3

three, be apprehended having upon him, her, or them, any bended hav-

rtarejioufe, coach-houfe, liable, or outhoufe; or {hall have upon ing, or any him, her, or them, any piftol, hanger, cutlafs, bludgeon, or °ffenfive weaA other offenfive weapon, with intent felonioufly to aflault any perfon or perfons; or (hall be found in or upon atty dwelling- fl,an 5* dteiii* houfe, Warehoufe, Coach-houfe, liable, or outhoufe, or in any ed a rogue, inclofed yard or garden, or area belonging to any houfe, with &c- within an intent to fteal any goods or chattels; every fuch perfon or of perfons {hall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the in- c# tent and meaning of the ftatute made in the feventeenth year of / his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and make more effeftual the laws relating to rogues', vagabonds-, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to boujes of ccr± reftiott.	_	v

An aft for better paving, cleanfing, and lighting, the panfh of Salnl Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifauces and annoyances therein.

SGeo. 3. c. sv. 3 Geo. 3. c. 13. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo*, 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. ai. Former afts repealed. Power of paving, cleanfmg, and lighting the parith, given to the trullees, and a committee of the inhabitants. Optional Greets, viz. Arundel, Norfolk, Surrey, sod Howard ftreets, Batcher row, part of Clement’s lane, back fide of 8t. Clement, Blackmore, Clare, Holiwell, Vere, and Peter or Denzell ftreets, and fo much of Cecil ftreet and Wyche Street as lies in St. Cle-toent’s, and fo much of Wyche ftrfcet as lies in the parish of St. Mahy le Strand. Property of the pavements, materials, &c. vefted in the truftees, until the appointment of the committee. Former fecuritifes to be valid. Truftees, Charles Howard, earl of Surrey, Thomas Pelham Clinton, earl bf Lincoln, Charles Barrow, Francis Barlow, William Baldwin, John Browning, Robert Butler, Gibbs Crawfurd, William Devon, Samuel Edwards, Charles Grave Hudfon, William Kitchiner, Samuel Phipps, William Sandby, and George VaUgban, efquires, and the reftor ot St. Clement for the timd being. Power to cleft new truftees. Committed of twenty-one inhabitants to be appointed. Qualification bf truftees and committee men to be houfeholders paying to the rates, and the truftees t6 have 3001. per ann. real, or 10,0061 personal eftate. Committee men td have a real or perfon a! eftate of 2,0001. value. Truftees idling, not being qualified, to forfeit 200I. committee men icdl. Committee to pay theit* own bxpences. No aft valid, unlefs done at a meeting. All afts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and (hall take fecurity for them. No officer to take any fee other than allowed by committee; or be interefted in any contraft. Officers, collectors, See. to account. Penalty oh officers refufing to account, Sic. 101. If Sufficient diftrefs cannot be bid, the offender to be committed, until he Shall pay or compound. Commitment of offenders not to dif-charge their fureties. Committee may employ wbrknien, carriages, and horSes, where the expence of the work does not exceed 40s. and contraft for paving, cleanfmg, and lighting. No contraft to be valid Unlefs confirmed by the truttees. Piovtfo, that if any truftce be a committee mart not to aft as to cent rafts. No contraft to bd made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the ftreets not to be altered, or inferior materials ufed. Contrafts already made to be valid Committee to caufe tHe works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the contract, rmy

CAP. LXXXltf.

VOL. XXXJV.

Dd

Google

bring



Digitized by

Anno viceGmo tertio Georgii III. c. 89. [*783.

bring anions againft the contractors. Committee may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred on*Honperformance of contra&s. Committee annually to affix in the veftry room, or otherwife puMHh, extracts of contracts and penalties. Householder making complaint of defect in lighting, deanfing, or repairing the pavement, Purveyor to view it, and if defective to give notice to contractor to amend it. Power to call a fpecial meeting of the committee upon any fuch complaint* On contracts not being performed, committee may caufe the work to be done by other perfons, and deduCt th# expence from the money due to the contractor. New ttreets to be firft paved at the expence of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp-irons, materials, Sec. vetted iu committee. Committee may hire ground for depofiting materials. Penalty on damaging materials or works 40 s. and not lefs than 10 s. Names of ttreets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houfes and lamp-irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps 40 s. for every lamp, and alto make good the damage. Perfons carelefsly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound, and alto additional rates not is. 6d. in the pound for the optional ttreets, and 6d. per pound for the other parts of the parifli. Houfes hereafter to be built, to be afieffed as others. Empty houfes to pay half rate. Church and church-yarc), chapels, and other publick buildings, to be rated according to the number of fquare yards of paving belonging thereto, at 6d. per yard per annum. If committee negteft to make the additional rates, truttees may do it. If the committee omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants to do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 1783. Rates of houfes let in feparate apartments, and ready-furniftied, to be paid by the tenant, who may deduft the fame out of bh rent. Rates of houfes let to ambaffadors to be paid by tbe landlords. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affefted. Poor rates may bo infpefted by an order of three committee men; and copies, See. taken. Power to recover the rates by diftrefs. Rates may be reco. vered by aftion at law. Perfons quitting houfes orpremifes before pay-• ment of the rates, and perfons entering in fuch homes or premifes, to be fubjeft to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the feme. Perfons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter feilions. Colleftor to pay tbe money into the bank, or to a banker.

tanker to pay money drawn upon him by the truttees, and committee. Commiflioners to account with the truttees relative to optional ttreets. Commiflioners to account with the committee relative to tbe other parts of the parifli. Former committee to accountwith the committee appointed by virtue of this aft. Arrears of former rates may be levied. Truttees to apply additional rate to pay interett and debt. Committee to apply rates for repairing, deanfing, and lighting, and removing nuifances, &c. Surplus to be applied cowards difeharging debt. Separate accosts to be kept of rates to be raifed within the optional (beets, for paying the principal and interett due on fuch ttreets. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the perfons whofe bonds are to be paid off. New \ fecurities for 1001, each may be given, inttead of prefent fecurities for a larger fum. Power to borrow money to difeharge certain debts due upon fome of the optional ttreets, and not fecured upon the rates. Form of fecurity.

BY virtue of an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of bis majetty King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft.J We, the truttees of the faid parifh, do hereby aflign to A. B. his executors, adminittrators, and attigns, in confideranon of the fum of	paid	by	him	to

from this	day	of	in	the	yea:

/ of our Lord	until the faid fum of

with interett, at the rate of	per	annum, (hall be paid,

the rntes or affeffments by virtue of the faid aft made fubjeft and liab: to and chargeable with the payment of the principal money due and o*-

ii:

17SJ Anno vicefimo tertio GeoRGII Ilf. c. 89.

ing on the credit of [afqtrtain the part of the parifh in refpeft whereof fuch money is to be lecured,] for the purpofe of di (charging monies due and owing on the credit of fuch rates or ailefimeiits.

IDO transfer this aflignment, with all my right and title to the priori- porm 0f pal and intereit thereby fecured, unto C. D. nis executors, adrainiftra- traQ|fcr# t<Jri, and ailigns. In witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my hand, this

day of

Witnefs, E. F.	A. B.

Transfers to be entered, and (hall be valid. Power to borrow money at lower intereit, to difcharge fecurities at a higher. Power to raife a rate not exceeding ad. in the pound, towards new paving any ftreets, after the parochial debt (hall be difcharged. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houfes. Water to be conveyed from houfes in pipes. Palifadoes broke or defective, to be repaired at the expence of the owner. Penalty on placing annoyances or obftruftions in the ftreets ios. and not lefs than 5s.

&c. No hoards to be ereftcd, without licence from the furveyor or in-fpeftor to the committee. Running wheels, &c. or driving carriages, horfes, &c. on foot pavement. Dirt not to be fwept into common fewer, or within a certain diftance of any grate or channel. No perfon, other than the fcavenger, to carry away dull, &c. No perfon (hall fift, (kreen, or (lack lime. Penalty 20s. and not lefs than 5s. Owners of cinders, dull, &c. may carry away the fame for their own ufe. No night foil to be taken away before twelve or after four, in fummer, or five in winter; or to be put or caft in any part of the parifh, or within a certain difiance thereof. Scavengers to clean ftreets once every week, &c. Inhabitants exempted from office of fcavengerj and furveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements, Sec. t Paviours to water companies to tranfmit rheir names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee, Direftions for repairing defeftive water pipes. Penalty on his negleft. If no regular paviour, notice to be tranfmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimburfed expenccs of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lifi of ftreets to be trantmitted to water Companies. Water company not to be fubjeft to pay the expence of paving or repairing the pavement, unlefs the account be delivered within fix calendar months. Committee to ftate in their account to the water company, th£ charge of filch relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, &c. Treafurer or clerk to the water company may infpeft the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or infpeftor to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. The provifions of the aft extended to fuch part of Cecil fireet as lies in Saint Martin's pariffi, until the debt due on that fireet be paid off. Duke of Newcaftle owner of Clare Market, and entitled to certain parts of the pavement. The (hops infide the market houfes not to be rated. The (hops outfide of the market houfes to be rated. Nothing in the aft to affeft the rights of the duke of Newcaftlt. Saving the right of W. Kitchiner, efquire, to Carting lane and Somerfet fireet. Trultees impowered to appoint a clerk at a (alary. The committee to pay a proportion of the expences of the general commiflicn till March 15, 17*4. Proceedings of truftees and committee to be recorded. Not to extend to fuch part of Drury lane as is in St. Clement Danes. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diltrefs and fale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Juftices to proceed for conviftion of offenders. Form of con-viftion.

County of Middlesex, j T) E it remembered. That on

city and ubmy of I-D day of in the '	year

wdhninttcr, to wit. J of the reign of his Majefty

A. B. is convifted before	w

of his Majefty’s juftices of the peike for the faid county or city and liberty, fas the calc (hall be,] by virtue of D a a	an

Digitized by Google

Anno vjcefimo tertio GeoRGII III. C. 90. [1783.

?n aft of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majefly King George the TTiird, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft, and fpecify the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed.]

Given under oor hands and feals, [or, my band and fea)vJ the day and year aforefaid.

Aftions may be brought in the name of one of the truftees or committee, pr their clerk ? and upon obtaining verdifts, they have power to recover polls. No aft ion to abate on death or removal of clerk. Nb eflbin, &<,. to be allowed in aftions. Perfops aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Rates and proceedings not to be quaked for want of form; nor to be removed by ctrt'torari. Plaintiff (hall not recover after tender of fuf-ficient amends. Diflrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this aft to be paid out of the firft money which comes to hand. Writings not to be fubjeft to (lamp-duties. Limitation of aftions within fix calendar months. Defendant may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpecial matter in evjdepce; ^nd if verdift, &c. tor him, to have treble Colts, Publjck 9ft.

CAP. XC.

aft for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parilh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Weftminfter, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

$ Geo. 3. c. 2*. 3 Geo. 3. c. »3* 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3, c. 50. 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. c. ia. Former afts repealed. Power of paving, deanfing, and lighting the parifti, given to the veftry, and a committee pf the inhabitants, optional flreets, viz. Northumberland, Hungerford, end all ftreets, &c. in York buildings and Adelphi, a)fo Salifbury, Great Suffolk, and Pauton flreets, fuch part of Littjc RufTel ftreet and Great Prury lane as lie in the faid parilh. Former fecurities to be valid. Veftry 30 appoint a committee. Qualification of committee men 2,0001, real or perfonal eftate. Meetings of committee every fortnight. Committee to pay their own expences. No aft valid, unlefs done at 9 meeting. All afts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and (hall take fecurity for them. No officer to take any fee other than allowed by committee; or be interefted in any contraft.

, Officers, colleftors, &c. to account. Officers refuCng to account, (hall forfeit 191. and if they negleft to pay the balance,, it may be levied by diflrefs. If fufficient diflrefs cannot be had, the offender to be committed until he ffiall pay, or compound. Commitment of offenders not to dif-Cbarge their fureties. Committee may employ workmen, carriages, and horles, and contraft for paving, cleanfing, and lighting. No contraft to be made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the flreets not to be altered without confent of veftry or paving committee of adjoining pa-fifhes, or inferior materials ufed. Coptrafts already made to be valid. Committee 10 caufe th$ works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the conti afts, may bring aftions againfl the contraftors. Committee piay compound with contraftois for the penalties incurred on nonperformance of pop^rafy. Committee annually to print and efiftribute extrafts of fontrafts and penalties'. Houle holder making complaint of defeftive pavement, furveyor to view it, and, if defeftive, to give notice to contraftor, to amend it. Power to C9II a fpecial meeting of the committee upon any . fuyh complaint. Oq coptrafts not being performed, committee may caufe the work to be done by other perfons, and deduft the expence from the pioney due to the contraftor. New flreets to be firft paveif at the expense pf the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving f hereof, Property of pavements, lamp-irons, materials, &c. vefted ip ’	'	1	'	v	*	' ‘	*•	committee,

-	*	l

Google

397

17%.] Apno vicefimo tertio Georoii III. c.90.

committee. Committee may hire ground for depofuiqg materials. Pe« »alt$on deftroying or damaging materials. Names of ftreets to he wrote at or near the entrance, and houfes and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps aos. for every lamp, and damages, &c. Perfons carelefsly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, i s. in the pound, according to two third*'of the annual value, to repair \ and to pay debt incurred and in-tereft, and ad additional rate of is. 6d. per pound, of two thirds value in optional ftreets, and is. 9d. per pound in Panton ftreet, and 6d. in ether ftreets. Houfes hereafter to be built, to be aftefted as others. Empty houfes to pay half rate. St. Martin's church and church-vard, and other publick buildings, to be rated according to the number of fquare yards of paving belonging thereto 6 d.' per yard per annum. If committee negleft to make rates, veftry may do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 27S3. Rates of houies let in feparate apartments, and ready-furnilhcd, to be paid by tjie tenant, who may deduct the fame out of his rent. Rates of houfes let to ambaffadors to be paid by the landlords. Poor rates may be infpefted by an order of three committee men; and copies, &c. taken. Power to recover the rates by diftrefs and fale. Rates may be ^covered by aftion at law. Perfons quitting houfes or premifes before ' payment of the rates, and perfons entering in fuch houfes or premifes, to be fubjeft to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the lame. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be aftefted. Perfons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter feihons. Col left or to pay the uiQney into the bank, or to a banker* anker to pay money drawn upon him by the veftry and committee. Np collector to keep in his hands more than 501. longer than three days. Commiflioners to account with the veltry relative to optional ftreets, Commiftioners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the pari(h, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Former committee to account with the committee appointed by virtue of this aft. Arrears may be levied. Veftry to apply additional rate to pay intereft and debt. Committee td apply rates for repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, and removing nuifanc<*s, See. Surplus to be applied towards dif-charging debt. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raifed within the optional ftreets, for paying the principal and intereft due on fuch ftreets. After payment of the debt, the additional rates to ceafe. Cie-dnort to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the perfons whofe bonds are to hie paid oft. New fecurities for 1001. each may be given, inftead of prefent fecurities for a larger fum. Power to borrow money to dif<;harge certain debts due upon fome qf {he optional ftreets, and not fecured upon the rates, Form of fecurity^

BY virtup of an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of bis majefty King George the Third, intituled, I here let foith tbe title of the aft,] We, the veftry men of the faid parilh of Saint Martin in the Fields, do hereby aflign to A. B. bis.executors, admiaiftra* tors, and aftigns, in coufideration of the fum of paid by him to	from	this

day of	in	the year of our Lord

until the faid fum of	with intereft, at tbe

rate of	per	annum,	(hall be paid, the rates or affeffments

to be'rated or affeffed by virtue of the faid aft within [afeertain the ftreet or ftreets, or other place or places, in refpeft whereof fuch money is to be fecured,] for tbe purpofe of difebarging monies due and owing on the credit of fuch rates or afleflinents.

Securities may be transferred. Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this afttgnment, with all my right and title to the principal and intereft thereby fecured, unto C. D. his executors, adminiftra-tors, and aftigns. In witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my hand, this day of

tir:___c.	p i?	7	a	Q

^Vitneft, E. F«

Google

A. B. Tiansfers

Digitized by

A

Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii III. C.90.

Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower intereft, to" difcharge fecurities at a higher. Power to raife a rate! not exceeding*d. in the pound, towards new paving any ftreet, after the parochial debt thaU be difeharged. The committee to pay a proportion of the efcpencas of the general xommiflion till March 15, 1784. The Adelphi to be deemed optional. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houfes. Water veyed from houfes in pipes. Palifadoes broke or defeftive to at the expence of the owner. Penalty On placing annoyances crobftrwc-tions in the ftreets 10s. and not lefs than 58. No hoards to bfcere&cd, without licence from the furveyor or infpeftor to the committee. * Penalty on running wheels, &c. or driving carriages, horfes, See. on foot pavement 20 s. and not lefs than 5 s. Dirt not to be fwept into common fewer, or within a certain diftance of any grate or channel. No perfon, ocher than the fcavenger, to carry away duft, See. Owners of cinders, dull, &c. may carry away the fame for their own ufe. No night foil to be taken away before twelve, or after four, in fummer, or five in winter j or to be put or caft in any part of the parifh, or within half a mile thereof. Pe- , nalty 20s. and not lefs than 10 s. Scavengers duty to attend once every 1 week in each ftreet. Inhabitants exempted from office of fcavenger and furveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance Jury, on account of defective pavements, &c. Paviours to water compa-nies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. Directions for repairing,defective water pipes. Penalty on his negleft. If no regular paviour, notice to be tranfmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimburfed expences of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lift of ftreets to be tranfmitted to water companies. Water company not to be fubjeft to pay the expence of paving or repairing the pavement, unlefs the account be delivered within fix calendar months. Committee to ftate in their account to the water company, the charge of fuch relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, See, Treafurer or clerk to the water company may infpeft the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or in* fpeftor to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. Veftry may appoint a furveyor. The providons of this aft extended to fuch parts oF Little RufTel ftreet and Great Drury lane, as are not fituate in St. Martin’s parifli. Proceedings of veftry and committee to be recorded, and to be fettled annually. Not to extend to New ftreet, or fuch part of Chandos, James ftreet, Cock lane, alfo Little St. Martin i lane, as lie in St. Martin's parifli, till debt paid* or to any ftreet before any royal palace, ground, or building, belonging to his Majtfty, &c. Optional boundary ftreets, after payment of the debts due thereon, to be^ under the management of the refpeftive parhhes in which they are tituate. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Ju&icts to proceed for conviftion of offenders. Form of con vi ft ion.

County ofMiddkfex, j TJ E it remembered. That on

City and Liberty of | .13

Wcitanimtcr, to wit, J of the reign of his Majefty A. B. is convifted before

of his Majefty’s jnftices of the peace for the faid county,

. or city and liberty, [as the cafe (hall be,] by virtue of an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft, and fpeafy the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed.]

Given under our hands and feals, [or, my hand and fcal,] the day and year aforefaid.

Committee obtaining verdifts, (hall have power to recover cofts. No tc-tion to abate on death or removal of clerk. No effoin, 8cc, to be allowed

ii

Digitized by

Google .

1783d Anno vicefimo terdo GeoRgii III. c. 91.

in aftions. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feiTions. Rates and proceedings not to be qua(hed for want of form; or to be removed by certiorari. Plaintiff1 (hall not recover after tender of fufficient amends. Diftrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expences of this aft to be .paid out of the firft money received. Writings not to be fubjeft to ftamp; duties,' Limitation of aftions fix calendar months. Defendants may plemshe general iflae, &c. and if he obtain a verdift. Sec. may recover trehfptodx. Publick aft.

C :V ;	CAP.	XCI.

An aft for paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the pari flies of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the county of Mid-dlefex, and feveral other ftreets, avenues, and places, within the lame parifh of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyances therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the faid parifh of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raife money to defray the expences incurred in tepairing the parifh church.

Church lane a great thorough fare, and in bad repair. Names of forty* two comtniflioners, with the reftor, churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor of Whitechapel, for the time being. On death, See. of commiflion-ers, others to be cnofen. Notice to be given of fuch eleftion. Qualification of commiflioners, real eftate 401, per ann. perfonal i.qooI. Penalty on aftingif not qualified 501. Five comtniflioners may aft. Comvmf-fioners to defray their own expences. They may appoint officers, and allow them falaries, and take iecurity from them. Rates to be paid to the colleftor. Officers to account. On their refnfal, to be committed. On death of officers, or becoming info)vent, executors to account $ and pay the balance, in preference of any other creditor; and may plead or give in evidence fuch payment; and in cafe of nonpayment, comtniflioners may fue for the fame. Comnrfftioners impowered to pave Church lane, and to raife or lower the ground, &c. For paving fuch part of Church lane as lies within the parifh of Saint George. No perfon to repair pavement but comtniflioners’ paviour. Property of prefent and future pavement, and materials, veiled in the commiflioners; penalty on injuring the fame 40 s. Pavement may be taken up, for repairing water-pipes. See. After fuch repair, notice to be given to the commiflioners' paviour 5 who is to repair and make good the fame. Charges of repairing pavement' taken up to be paid by the perfons occafioning the damage. In cafe of default, how to be recovered. Water company’s paviour or workmen to give notice to the commiflioners* clerk of tbeir names and places of abode. Time allowed water companies to repair their pipes after notice. Com-miffioners of fewer* how to be fumtnoned, when any repairs of fewers. Sec. wanted. Goods and alfo carriages, obftrufting the paflage, may be frized; or the perfons caufing, or the Rafter, to be Juromoned, to be pu-nifiled in a fummary way before the juftiee. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, Sec. over the foot pavement, firft offence 58. fecond 10 s. third nos. Hoards may be erefted with leave. Foot pavements to be fwept every day (Sundays excepted.) Houfes to be numbered. Signs, Scc. to be regulated. Projeftions to be removed. Rates, not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. 'Landlords to allow one third part of the rate. Where houfes, Sec. unoccupied, one third only of the rate'to be collefted. Owners to be rated for houfes let in different tenements. For recovering the rates by dittrefs, if none; or goods removed, the party may be committed for three calendar months, by juftices warrant. Places of worfhip, void fpaces of ground. Scc. may be rated at 6d. per ann. each fquare yard of pavement. Rates maybe recovered by aftion. Vacant ground to be fenced in, at the expence of the owner. Occupiers quitting without paying rate, may be followed. Commiflioners may mitigate the rates. Perfons paying the rates exempted from paving. The aft not to make void agreement between landlord and tenant. Truftees under aft of 16 Geo.

to pay 135I. to commiflioners under this aft, for paving fuch part of Church lane as lies within the parifh of Saint George. Impowering the

truftees

Digitized by Google

4<x> Anno Viccfimo tcrtio GeorGii III. fc. 92—-94*	UlH-

trutfees of the parith of Saint George, under their aft j6 Geo. Ill, to raife %\$\. by an afteflment. Commimoners may a ft as juft ices. Com-raiftioners may borrow money at intereft, or raife money by fale of annuities $ not exceeding 3,000!. Commitfioners* order to entitle the con-tributor to the payment of his intereft and anniuitv; charged upon tbe rates. Annuities deemed indefeafible eftates; not chargeable to the land tax Annuities may be afligned toties quoties. Monies may	by

fale of annuities, in the place of tbofe that have ceafed, for the^a^pent of the inrereft monev. Impowering the commiffioners to pave tbd'fbot and carriage ways of other ftreett, in cafe a majority of the inh&frants fhall requett It< and aftefs them at is. 6d. per pound per annum; Ac-*1 counts of optional ftreets to be kept feparate. Penalties may be mitigated. Commiflioners who are juftices may aft. Tuftices may adminifter oaths. Anions may be inftituted in the name of the treafurer. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feftions. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Diftrefr not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of fufftcient amends hath been made. Writings to be without ftamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Books may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Aft 3d George III, cap. 53, concerning Whitechapel church, recited. Impowered to raife isool. which had been expended. Truftees under former aft impowered to raife 1700I. more to defray the remaining debts, by fale of annuities. Not to exceed sol. per cent. Expences of this aft to be paid, half out of the money raifed by this aft for the church, the other by the paving rate. Limitation of aft ions, fix calendar months. Defendant may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter, &c. in evidence i and if he obuia a verdift, &c. to recover treble coils. Publick aft.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stanford, to Broadwater fire engine, and fix collateral cuts from the lame, to feveral coal mines; ana alfo a navigable canal from or near the town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry canal at or near Fazelqy, in the parifti of Tam worth, in the faid county of Stafford, with a collateral cut to the lower part of the faid town of Birmingham.

CAP. XCIIL

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an at7, pajfei in the fe* coni year oj the reign of hoc prefent Majejly> for amending* widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the fouth end of Sparrows Herne on Bufhy Heath, through the market towns of TVatfordi Berkhampjhdy Saint Peter9s% and Tringy in the county of Hertford, by Pettipber's Elms% to the turnpike road at IValtony near Ayltjlury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the porters of feveral afls of parliament therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and chreugb Bowling and IVibfey, to Halifax, and alfo the roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the wcjl riding of the county of Yoik.	e

CAP.

*783.] Anno vicefimo tertio Georgii 111. c. 95—100.

CAP. XCV.

■An ail	toenlarge the	term and powers of two , made in

the fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of king George the	Second,for repairing the roads from	through

Ferrybridge, to the fouth fide of Tadcajier Crofs; and alfo from Ferrybridge to Wetberby, and from thence to	-

bridge, in the county of York; far as the fame relate to the road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

CAP. XCVI.

jtn all for enlarging the term and powers of all an in the JirJl year of the reign of bis prefent	, intituled. An aft

for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbrtdge to Tintinhull and from aftream of water called Ford, to Cartgate in	in	the

county of Somerfet.

CAP. XCVII.

An all for continuing and amending two of the ninth and twenty-feventh years of his late	for	repairing	and

-widening the road from Saint Dunjtan's Crofs, near the city of Canterbury, to the water-fide at	in	the	county

of Kent.

CAP. XCVIII.

An all for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the pow~ ersof an aH of the fecondyear of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Crofs	,	and

the turnpike gate on Abberly Hill, in the counties of Salop and	Worcefter.

CAP. XC1X.

An all to enlarge the term and powers of an all, made in the fecond year of his prefent Majtftfs	, for repairing, widen-

ing, and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county of	and

from Hilderftone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Roths to Toon, in the laid county of Stafford.

CAP. C.

An aH for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aH of the third year of his prefent	for repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to	,	and	from

the faid bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of Berks.

Vot. XXXIV.

E e	CAP.

Digitized by Google

402 Anno viccfimo terrio Gboroix III. c. ioi-p-106. [ 1783,

CAP, Cl.

An aft for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of me aft* made in the third year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly* for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the county of Chejler, to Burffem and Newcqflle under Lyme, in the | county of Stafford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft., made in the firji year of the reign of bis prffent MajeJly,, intituled, An a<$ for making, widening, and repairing a road from the norrh-caft fide of the GofwellStreet Road next IJUngton, in the county pf Middlefexy and near to the road called The New Ready over the fields and grounds, to Old Street Ready oppoficc to the Doghoufe Bary and at and from the Doghoufe Bar to the end of Phifaell Strecty by the Artillery Ground.

cap. cm.

An aft for repairing and widening the roads leading from Wether* by to Knarelborough, in the county of fort,

CAP. CIV.

An aft for amending and widening the road from the pajfage or ferry over the river Severn at NeWnham, in the county of Gloucefter, through the pariffes tf/Newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White’s, adjoining his Majeffs fired of peaii, in the faid county.

C A P. CV.

An oft for continuing and amending an efty of the third, year of his prefent MajeJly, tor repairing and widening the road leading • from the town of Staffordy to Sandon, in the county of Staf-fordy and feveral other rpad$ in the counties of Salop and Stafford^

C A p. CVI.

An aft for completing and keeping in repair the road from the Ram inn, in the town of Cirencefter, in the county of Gloucefter, through the town of Tetbury, to Oldfield, otberwife Woefield Corner, near the fixteenth mile (lone in the Bath roaiy and a road from thence through the par iff es of Cold A Alton and Swan f-wick, to or near Lambridge, in the pari/h of Bath Eafton, bear the city of Bath; and for continuing the prefent read from the faid corner to or near the monument upon Lapfdown, until the intended road from the faid corner to or-neay Lambridge te made fit for travelling.

a

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

*783*1 Anna vicefimo ecrtio Georgji in. c. 197— 110.	403

CAP. CVII.

yfn <7(9 to revive and render more effeRual an aR faffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of bis late king George the Se-tond, for repairing the road from Markfield	,	in	the

county of Leicefler, over Charley, otherwife barnwood , through the town of Wbitvnck, and' from thence’ through Law, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborovgb, to the town of Ajbby de la Zoucb, in the laid, county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate,

CAP. CVIII.

* ✓

jfn 'aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of bis prefent majefty ling George tb$ Thirds intituled, An an a£t for widening, repairing, and a-mending the road from Hejict, by Tews Bridge, to Cocker-mouth ; and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Kef-wick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Kefwick, by Dummail Rays and Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Wtftmoreland; and from Plumb garth's Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforefaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the bounty of Wejlmorland; and from Kefwick aforefaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland*

CAP. CIX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, faffed in the

' fecond year of his prefent Majejly's reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from the north gate of the city of Wincbefter, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown River; and alfo the road from Worthy Cow Down aforefaid, through Wberwtll, to the prefent turnpike mad at Andover, in the county of Southampton* 1	"	''	"

CAP. CX.

V

An oR for enlarging the term and powers of two aRs, made in the '/eventb year of king George the Firjl, and the eighth year of king XSeoree the Second, for repairing the road from Saint Giles’s Pound to	Kilhourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road’, and

alfo of an	a£l, made in the twenty-ninth year of king George the

Second, to ehable the refpedive truftees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate Houfe and	,and from

Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilhourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at JJlington to the Edgware road near Paddington j Jo far as the fame is by the faid ail direRed to ho under the management of the truflees of the faid two	-

tuned aRs. '	'	v	'

CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno viqcfimQ tertio Georoii in. c. i itl £1783;

C A P. CXI*

An aft for continuing tbt term, and altering end enlarging the pothers of two alls made in thefecond and twenty-fifth years of tbt reign of his late JHajefty,for repairing the highways between Sheppards Sbori, and Herflty Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of WiUs^ and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent*

*

END of Par* II. Vot, XXXIV*

Digitized by L.ooQLe

THE

Statute* at iUrge,

Anno	victfimo quarto GEORGir III. Regis.

Being the FOURTH Sefflon of the , Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.



you XXXIV. PART III,

Digitized by

Google

T

i



V*

;t V

• *

Digitized by Google



S T A T y T E S at Large,

r

jinno regni G E O R G11 III.

tice	Britanniay	Fran & ,

vicejtmo quarto*

AT the parliament begun and botden at Wcft-minfter, the thirty-firjl day of October, Anno fiomini 1780,	inthe twenty-firft y of the reign

of our	Jovereign lord GEORGE	Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence, continued, by feveral prorogations, to the eleventh day 0/November, 178-3 i being the fourth JrJJien of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I,

An aft for continuing and granting to hit Majefty certain duties, upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feryke of the year one tbouiand (even hundred s^nd eighty.fout.

Malt aft of 1 Geo. 3. further continued to June 14,17*5, and 6 Geo. i* recited. Claufe of loan at a]. 10s. per cent. Exchequer bills ifTued by virtue of this aft to be placed at caih in the offices of the tellers of the re* ^eipt of exchequer; to oe iffuable thereout in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refufal, for *4 hours after demand fub}eft to aftion for the money and full coils. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. In ter eft to be allowed till payment: except whilft the bilk are in the hands of receivers, &c. Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be figned and dated. Bills may be te-iflued, both for principal and intereft. Receivers to keep books. 1001, penalty on receiver neglefting to keep hooks. Sec. Bills Ailed up by indorfertient; or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5,0001, each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or indorfement -thereon, felon v. Commiflioners to appoint perlbns to pay off principal fuma, which ftiaH from time to time be in courfe of payment upon exthequer bills, as money is brought in, to be paid to the paymaftert. Bills to be regiftefed in courfe. When

f f a	money

4Q8

Anno vicefimo quarto Geo* on III. *—,6, [ 1783.

moqeykreferredforMym.ntrt*to«*«<€. toe controul of ftye tre^lury. Treafury to fcttl* lab nes of clerks, sc. tad to	with periods to circulate bitti,Ac. *rthe rat1 #feft'fetf.’Mr

pent per a*n. Comraftoei not difrbled i om ■ being moWn of ytnii * Ditnt, Ate. Contra&ers may tow oc raife the iotereft, trnfury. Contraftorx to be naid oat of money UTued to t|lejMm4ai«. tfo fee to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, &c. a peony to be paid for tnterclt. Charges to be padodt of the CnISy fond/and to be replaced oat of the fir It lopplitt. CUufc of itUtf bilfs lolf or deAroyed. Bills difeharged to be skncelled. jinking Spprqpriated to djfc]Urge national opbts jncurred bcfor£ Dec. 171C. JDentiency of the tax as Geo. %. ho* to he fupq^od Arrears m former dutiq to by applied iu *id of the (uppti** granted fof ttte ytar

fr*t ■ . ,	■' •

C A P. II.	;;

An aft to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the left (effioa ■

K” meat,intituled, An *ft for preventing certain inUrumehtn froqi. required from (hips belonging to the United States of America }*

tad to giH |a Itif	fa*	*	pertain	power*	fee	t«M}

etter carrying op trade ar\d ejotproercc between the jefty's dominions, and the inhabitant* of the laid United S^atet,

*3 Geo. 5. c* 39* recited 3 and continued until April sor 1784. ■	'

cap. iu.	'

An aft to continue fo much of an made in the Uft fefioa ofparHq*

4 ntent, as allows further pme lor the payment of certain Ipmf uuft «p4 to become due to the publick, from the united compauy of merdbqntt pf England tfading fo the Eatt Indies*	4~	’

13 Geo. $• c. 83. recited. Commifltoncn of the trqafpry may »|low (fcf Company furthe/time for ftp payment of their debt* due t6 tttepfjbtycfc fill May i, 1784*	'	.	„

;	;	C A b .iv.

An aft for granting an aid to hts Majcfty by a land tax, fo be1 rtiftd hi

Britan, for the (* rvice of the year one rhontgnd ffW* hpqdfrd

ihd fi|hty-fopr.

| Four (hillings in the pound*

C A £, V.

An a£ to, treble the pm pany qf proprietors of the Borrowftqwnnefc

^ navigably cut'or canal,''more effe^uajiy to compiet* ahd maintain 'ibf fame.

• AS 8 Cjeo. 3. c. 6 facetted. Company of proprietors impooerod to r»8e a fuithey Turn of t*,oooL* to be divided into (hares of 50b each* ‘-bob*1 (criptions raifed fine* the palling the foriner aft, deemed part of the cap^ tal frock. If fuhlci iptions prove deficient, the company may bocroy phoney, and affignthe tqD^ qa *fccuritj.	*	'

•	*	„	%	'	1

C A P. VI.

An	aA fir (flahlifiwg certain	the	and

conveyance of letters aridpacicts ty tin toft	Great Britain

and Ireland.	"	1

Preambte. W/ ^ ® ^ ^ AS, by an tA made he the fourth year of/be reign Recital of V V of his prefent Mqefly, intituUdt An aft for preventing * Geo. 2. c. 14, frauds and abufes in relation to the fending ant) receiving of

letter

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ahrio vlccfimo ^Qatto GEORGH III. C.&	409

letters ap<fpackets free,'frost the duty Of portage; ethtr things enoffed,	That mo letters or'packtiibythgpi/l;io%r

fror^ anyplace1 whatfoevtr, /ball bt exempted frpht paythg the of'

P^fdjte, txtept Jucb letters	And packets as art therein excepted: end

vmteaj	a ptfr office	ittthe kihgdofn of Ireland jrintended to be tfia-

bnfinds, independent if that	bf Great Britain jfrr iobieh cafe it will ,

banectjjary that proper1 regulations be made for tarrying on the cor-rtfpbndetite by fiojl, between Great Britain and Ireland, and that be Utters or packets (except in the cafes her tin-a fur to be mentioned) fbould pafs free of pojlage from the one kingdom to the othpr: fpf	/

Which purpdfe, ttlay it pleafc yodr Majcfty that it tttajr bfc.eha&*

«d; and be it enacted by the King's rtioft excellent majefty, by and With the advice and Content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembledi and- by:tbe authority of the fame. That; immediately from and Part of 018 aftdr the ertabiilhroent Of a general port-Office m Ireland; by recited aftt the authority of the parliament of lhat kingdom; fd tnuiH iff rteeftihiiS^ the faid a&, made mthelbutth year bf the feign of his preftht ment of • g«-Majerty, as relate* id letters and packets, printed votes, pro- neral poft-t ceding* in parliament, ahd printed ntwfpapers, parting by the office oy portfire from fife duty of polfagej from <jr«/' Britbin to fre~ ***"'*" idnd, and from Ireland to Gfedt Britain, /Mil be> ahd the fa the ™

1st hereby repealed;	_	.	>

II.	And whereat the conveyance if letters ahd packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and froth Ireland to Great Britain, is intended' toe bt defrayed at the expend ojfthe revenue bf Great Britain,1 be it therefore further enabled. That ndthing hefein contained thill Not to Ueprivb deprive, or be eonrtrued iddeprive; the port inafter-gin erai fob,he pottmaf-the time?bring;>ahd his deputies; df the portage1 and Convey* ^^‘SSftawe % abco-of leners alid packets frotfi Crept and and Iran ire-from Ireland to Great Britain, dr preteht the faid poftirtafter- land, general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving; ahd taking; for the ufe of hid Majcfty, his heirs add fuccef-fors, thd rates by any aA 6r afrs Of parliament payable for the fsfcme.r ”f: •-

. III. frnd be it farther enafrid by the authority afbrefaid; Thatie/hall and thay be lawful to and ft# bis Majefty** port- CeMftiiSSU nvaftcr-generalj and hii deputies, aftd he and- they are hereby	^

required'ro demand and receive, for: the port and CohveyaheC * of all letters and packets for Ghat Britain, cJbried by the port general, to be Within any part of Ireland; id addition to the rates of poftagi accounted f»f hereby refcrved, fueK further rfrds Of portage as (hall, upoft thfe to tbepoft-eftablifhment of a port-office in Ireland, be chained fot cofikey- Pjjj?,n ,r** abea of1 letter a and packets therein; 'by tni aft of ifrsto be hereafter made by the parKamcnt Of that kingdom; and that his Majefty’j portmarter-general (hall, and he is hereby authorised and required to account for and- pay to the revenue of thf port-office of	Ireland,quarterly* fitch portage fid to accrue nith-

id the kingdom of Irelands,and to he, received within'that of Great Britain.

. IV, And be it further enabled by the authority afore faid; .

F f 2	Pooolf*	*fhet*	y

*	Digitized by vjUUv Lv	9

4io	Anno	ticdimo quarto Georgh IU. c.-fi.'[i^jv

A temporary That, until the general poll-office, otlrelani (hall. have cfta-aUowance to bli(hcd packet boat* for the port and.conveyance of letters- and thc'poft office P3^615 fr°m Ireland to Great (hall he allowed in in faeiand. account, .from the general letter-office or poft-offica it\Great Britaiflj. to the revenue of the poll-office in	afunviioc

ex^fedlng four thoufond pounds per annumby quarterly pay-ments, in lieu as well of (he profit* of the faid packets,- as in compensation for other, purpofcs.

V.	And be it fprther enacted -by the authority aforefoid. General poll- That the poll mailer-general of Great Britain, and all and every office in Ire- other perfon and perfons in whom the buildings eroded) in *a"d *®*J*	Dublin, and known by the name of The General Pejl-<$bct

the'portmaf-	falanti,are or (hall	be veiled, (hall, and he and they-ane^ierw-

ter-general by fcverally auth'orifed and required,, fo foon as a. poll-effi^e tuic.	(hall be .cflablilhed in Irela by authority ;af the parliament

of.that kingdom, to aflign over and convey to the poflmaflcr. general of Ireland foe the tipie being, for. the ufe of his Majelly, hi*, heirs and fuccellbrs, without any confideratrqnbciagpaid for. the fame, all and hqgqlar the faid.feuildings, and filT right, tiik',,and ihtereft whatfoever, in and, to the fame.. ^

* .yt And fee it further ona&cd fey the authority aforc&d* Poftmafter- That it lhall apd may feejawful for his^Mryefty-s poftmafler-Ken*T*J™*y general far the time being to authorife certain.perfons to fond tainp«rfoo*r* ',n4 receive printed votes, proceedings^ parliament, and print* to (end and *4 uewfpapers, by the pod, to aad from Britain.nnd. tr*~ receive print- lanle at the rate of, one penny only for each printed vote and <d yotes, Ac., proceeding in parliament, and each printed newfpapevovcr Ireland ^ ^"4 *h°ve the printed price thereon*, to be carried to the re* Venn6 of the pod-office of Great Britain j and all printed votes and proceedings in parliament, apd printed newfpapers, So font and received, lhall be free from any other rate of pottage wfeatfaever. ......

Any perfon	.; VII. Provided, That it lhall and may be lawful fof .any per*

may	fon whatfoever to fend any printed votes, proceeding^ in par-

the**’ I lament, and printed newfpapers, by the poll, to and from pod, (or i d.	GreatxBretain and Ireland, at the rate of qifoi penny only. for. foe

each,provided.carriage of caclv printed vote and proceeding.in parliament, and the packets each printed .nevyfpaper; foch printed yores, proceedings* and eacfcend.** printed newfpapers, when fo lent, tp be open at both ends} rim penny required to be, paid for the carriage of the fame to be paid when the laid printed votes, proceedings in. parliament,

. and printed newspapers, (ha)l be put into, the pod-office; which primed votes, proceedings ,jn parliament, and printed newfpapers,; (ball be marked Pojl paid, and the. mpoey received thereon (hall be carried tq the revenue of the pofl-office of Great Britain.

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

1Artfto vicefitno quarto GtoitOi! III. ff. fi	41|;

^!;	"CAR	VII?	>

Hfn.adl to explain and attend ah aft,	.mad JVfflth of fit*

... Ham tnt, intituled. An a& for repealing ah a«, rtlarfe »t> the} ' ,.,bvventy-fecood year of liis pfefeilt Majefty, intituled; An aft - for charging ajldmp-duty ufiin inland hills of exchange, promjftfj notes* or ether notes, payable btherinfi thah demand', and for granting new ftamp-duties on bills of exchange, pfomif-ibry and other notes; and alfo ftamp-ddties bn receipts: ana for indemnifying all perfons who bavi written ■	.exchangexpromtffiry tr other hole, or any	, net Jldmped

cording to law.

^XTHERE AS b$dh aft, made fn the fejfon of parliament, ft-eamtill#

VV (intituled, An adb foi* repealing an a<ft, made in, the twenty, feeotidyear of htspreftnt Majellyj Intituled, An aft fern tbarging if amp-duty upon inland bill) of exchange, promiffoty notes, or other notes, payable otherwlft than upon demand', and for-grans*

"Sng newftamp-dutiesirt bill! of exchange, promiflbry and other notes; and alfo ftam(f-dutlfcJ on receipts;) it was •from and after the	fihfl day of Augolt, one	fetters hundred

hind eighty-three; sliere fiomd be rfifed,levied, eollefted, and paid,

~Pbrdtghout the kingdom of Gtdt Britain, word and for tie aft of his Majejly, his heirs andJuceefbrs, thefeveitl rites and duties follottM tag-, ft hat is to fay), for	every' pieceef t parchment,	or

fheet or piece of paper, upon ttihitb any foreign or inland bill of change, promtffory	note, or other	note,draft, or , fhould It in*

jgroj/cd, written, ofprihtti, wh&r the	therein, or

btade payable' thereby, fhould nit	amount - Jam of fifty

/here jhottld be	'chargedaflamp-duty offi and fir ewdy

if vellum or parchmtAi; or jhcet or piece of piper* upon which foreign dr inland bill of exchange, probsijjity or other non, draft, or order, fholtld be ingrojftd, written, or printed. When the fum exprtjfed therein, or made payable thereby, fhould amount to the fum if fifty pounds, oh upwards, there Jbotld be charged ofuty of one /hilling; and it was enafted, That, from And After the firfi day of Septembef, cue theufand fevtti hundred and eighty-tbrei,	•

there fhould be hailed, levied, cohefted, dnd	eke

Kingdom of Great Britain, the feVeral rates and duties fcUtwlUg;

(that is to fay), for every piece of vellum Or parchment, or Jhettt piece if paper, Upon which any receipt or	given	upon

the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, arid nit to	tfre fumof twenty pounds, Jhodld be ingrojftd. Written, or ,

there fhould be charged a flamp-duty of two-penie; Arid for every piece	efvewim etparcbbihst, or Jhcet er piece of paper. Upon which

any receipt or other difeharge given upon the payment of money; amounting to the	fum of twtnty	pounds,and upwards, fhould be '•*.

grojjed, written;	eh printed,	there	fhould	be	charged

four.pence: and it was further enabled fold aft, That ml powers, provifions, articles,	claujes, di/lributions of , ant.

forfeitures, and all other matters and things preftribrd Or appolftteJ

F f 4	'	bi

r*

Digitized by Google

4i*.	AnnQvic^G/np	qturto GsojUMlUIt C»7*. [{7§$

by gay firmer a& or	tOtof pa relating to tbefiamperdmtia

on vellum, parchment,and	effmdftru

•	'	w ith relation	49 the duties thereby awjjbtnld- beopphod

*	fit in (xecution for the roiftng,'levying, coEe&tg, aadffeeuftmgJb*

-/aid new duties thereby unpefed,	to	the	true 'tnttett mi

meaning of the faid ail* as fully and	tt Oft.intents, had

. fipofes, as if the fame bad feveraUy and rejpeaiveif been thereby-enaffed,fvith relation, to the fold new duties thereby imp fid z .whereas by Jevergl of the laws now in force* relating to toe fifinp-. duties	on vellum*	parchment,and paper* it was Ybatjjftjng

perfin or perfons Jbould ittgrofs , or caufe to written, upon any vellumjparchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, isthereby . Charged to pay any duty* before fuck ye the faii vtSttm* parti-•went, or paper,Jball ie marked or Jlamped as oforgfaid*

'Which there /ball net be feme mark or /lamp rejeuMtug the fame,nr fts'otddingrofs or write, or	cgu he wgrtjffd or written, any matter or thing upon any	vellum,parchment* or paper, he

marked or Jlamped. for. any lower duty than	by fitch afff^gye-.

able for what Jhtuld be fo	ingror written, fuch per foot foofini-

dag field’, for every	futh offforfeit the fugs, of five, pounds ;

and. by other of the faid laws the penalty and forfeiture impy/etL an fuch offence it ten pounds :and whereas double hove arifen, whether -thefetid recited a8 of the daft	of parliament extendi any nr .

gither, and which of the Penalties	by the faid fermtr ags

‘	;	of parliament, tt-biUs of exchange,	and other notes, and

receipts	or otherdi/charget	g

-dum, parchment, or paper, net properly ft fifed: foe remedy where* ,of, and to obviate fuch doubts, may it pleafe your MsjeAy tJWt >it majr.be ena&ed; .and be it ena&ed by the KSng’smod cxccf-Jent mriefty, by and with thfc $dvicc and. content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenc .partial Mo perfon, -enent aflembled, and, by the. authority of.the (ame, That, from

after March	ifar	the	twei>tjr-hfth	day of MarchA one thoufaod ieren

wrltVorfiaa ‘hundred and eighty-four, all and every perfon or periods who any bill of Hullwrite or-fign, or caufe to he written orfigned, any bid of exchange, .excliange, promifTory or other note, or any receipt ortothep<dtf-•jsharae given for the payment of money, liable to.any ftarop-ceiptfliaMe	charged	by	the	laid	recited ait of the lalt.feffion of pSrlia-

to any tamp- meat, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without duty by the -the fame being firft duly damped as in and by the laid »A is trfSon**^- directed, or upon which there ihall not be fome damp or najrrfc cepton ftamp. rcktnbling the fame, he, (he, or they Ihall, for cvcry fuch bill ed paper, &c. of exchange, promiflory or other note, or any fuch receipt or on penalty of other discharge, fo written or ftgned, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the ..faid recited adf is diredfed, or in manner herein-after men*

■	•	tinned.

All aerihaa ’ l>rov^e^ >lw*y*» and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-iitdtmriitd	laid. That no perlbn (hall be liable to any prosecution for hav-

tarhaWag	ing written or figned, or cabled to be written or Signed, pre-

vtoufc

.Digitized by

Atujo yfctfimc quarto GtUS&cni lit. C. ?v	4i j

vioostto^thc coitmcricttTient bf This ad* any bHlbf cxchanj^v Cgtierf foe* promrflbry ordthcr note, Or any Receipt ot Other di&harge tor reCcJP^» ^ tbe paymept of money, upon any piece of vfcllum, parchment,^t*r, fceS* or papery not duly-ftampcd accor^ing to the directions contain* the com. ciin the fa id recited ad df $e laft fefftoh of parliament.	mencerowitrf

' Ml, 'And'whereas drafts cr orders for the payment of money on thil detkemd upon 'any banker* or perfon or perfons fitting as a banker, r/- -fiiitfg or tranfa&ikg the bufmefi of a banker within icy miles ofthk plait'pffibode *f the per Job cr perfons drawing fuch draft or order , amimptei bp the fetid bir$in-bcft>re reeked aft from the payment of the famp-duty thereby impofed: and whereas it might tend to pre-leni ttrfons, if fochixttopfiM was confined to drafts cr orders mptde payable it the bearerbe it therefore further enabled. That all Draft* <m drafts Or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon hanker*, not airy ©anker, perfon or perfons adingas bankers, which are not'W^.^ tothe drown payable to the bearer, (hall be, and the fame are hereby	the

declared to be; liable to and chained with the fiamp-duties by tame duties .the EeUi ^heretis- before recited ad impofed upon foreign or in- *» bilfc ot; landbtUsfof exchange, promi(Tory notes, or other notes, drafts* exchange, Sec* or'enters* theherein-before recited exemption in the laid ad to the contrary thereof notwhhftanding.

4V^ And whereas it was not the intention of the faid recited aft " tojubjebtto anyfiamp-duty any note, drafts or order, which may be legally gfaen for'anyjum not amounting to forty /billings, therefore be kenadedi That no (lamp-duty (hall be required for or on tfott«*&c. account eA any draft, ordfcr, or note, which may legally be under 4^1. given, wherem the futh cxcreflcd or made payable does hot anrmoOt io the fum of fotiy fhillings.	anywy.

V,	And xvbefeaSy by net faid herein-befdre recited aftythe duty • thereby granted on receiptvis diredfed to be paid by the petfon reyuir- , ing the faene/(except as therein cs exceptedj, and a penalty is by this ssh impofti Ofraty perfon who /ball give a receipt on qny parchmentf vellum, at paper, not properlyJlamped as by the faid aft if directed : and whereas it wduld be a great convenience to traders and others to furnijh the* receipt properly Jlamped, if they were allowed to make if

charge thereof * be it therefore enaded, *£hat it (hall and may Perfoni re> be lawful for soy perfon or perfons required to give any re-quired to give ceipt, to provide the paper ftamped and marked as by die (aid * re*5]P* recited ad is efireded; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may adefthe value of the ftamp to the debit of the account of chmge n* fthe.perfon requiring the fame, or to the demand, for the dif- value tfecjeot charge of which the laid receipt was required; which faid charge fo made (hall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no- Rcoeiptafor thing In this ad, or in the herein before recited ad contained,thr pare*** (hall extend, or be. cqqftrued to extend, to charge or impofe m7f V? *** ,any ftamp-duty upon any receipt given or to be given for tbe Sfordhi-xonfideratidn for the purchafe of any (hare in any publick flock derd* tfcrreof* or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the bank of not hableto

’ England,™ duf>’«

Digitized by Google

4*4	Anno	vicefuno	quirto	fjEORoii	ITT. £. *f. f»7$$,

England\ Edft India company, or South Sta company, or for the dividends paid or payable on fuch fhares of the fcid flocks, ^thofifor Vlli Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by drawbacks, the authority aforefaid, That riothlng in this aft, or in the be-fore-recited aft of the laft feffion, (hill extend,' 6r be confirmed to extend, to charge any receipt given or required to be- given * for aily money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks pr bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or cuftoms; nor to any portage bills allowed to matters of (hips of veffels for making a juft arid true report of their fcargo at the cuftom-houfe; any tiling in this aft, or any other '	: aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary ndtwithftanding.

fto bill of ' VIII. Provided alfo, alnd be it further enafted^ That no bHl exchange, of exchange, prOmiffory of other note, receipt or other dit n<>«, or re- charge given for the payment of moneys required td be (lamped ltamped0after	Incited a& of the lad feffion of parliament, (hail be

written.or « permitted to be ftamped at any time after the fame flwlll have figned, uttiefs beeri written or figned, unlefs upon payment b'f the fuin of ren upon payment pounds; ahd; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined ° 16 * and required, upon payment of the duty, and the faid funa of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give & receipt for the fame; and to ftiark or (lamp fuch bill of exchange, promiffory note, receipt or other difehargp given for the payment of money,

* v / tvith the:.mark tOr (lamp required by the fnid htfem-before re-j \ ■ \:!; cited aft.1 '	/ \\\\ ■ m m ^

AnVneigh- *	IX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid,’

bouring juf- That it (hall and may be lawful to attd for any juftice of the t ee may de- peace reading’near the place where the offence (hall be com-^ncjngainft ^Hed, t0, hear ?nd determine any offence agairift this aft, of tbii act. the faid recited aft of the faft leffion df parliament/ Which fub-jefts the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of ligning, for caufing to be written or iigned, dhy bill of ex-chartgc, promiffory or other npte, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money, without the feme being firft duly ftatripod ; which fard juftice of the peace fs hcre-;r by authorifed and required,	upon any information exhibited,

•.	of complaint made, in that	behalf, to fummon the party ae-

cufed, and alfo the wirneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of faft; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcffioti of the party, of by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, td give judgment or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this aft is I^ffidti** may direfted, and to award and iffue out his warrant under his hand b^ievied	by	and fca|t for the levying the	feid penalty of five pounds fo ad-

iiutrcu.	judged on the goods of the	offender; and to caufe fale to be

made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix { urr days, rcndcring to the pany the overplus, (if any); and where fender to be t,lc g0CK,s of fuch offender cannot be found fufficient to attfwcr Qommiued. the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon* there to remain

for

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anrtt)ViCfe&na	GttMtOllUI.'Copr ‘	4*1

for thefpaoeef-three-srionths* unlWkfuch pectinfeay penalty " ’ (hall be-(boner'paid and fatisfied: arid if «nry perfoaar pecfona Perth)Wag-(hall find himfelf -orftrenBfelves aggrieved by the judgment ■ of noyfucb jufticejthen 'he orthCylhaU and may, upbft giving „o(Ertec«. feowrity to the amount of the value of factr penalty and-foot nty) appeal to feittite,- together^ with faohebfta .its. (hall be awarded in edit the quarter fiieh judgment (hail-be affirmed,-appeal to the -jnftieesriftbe peace at the next'general-quarter Hfffionsidr the bounty, ridings vrplace, whichithsM happen ahsrittatfteen days next after-facta con vision (hall have been made, and df which apfieai radon* able notice (hall be given, who are hereby impowered to fum-mon and examine witneflfcs Uport oAthy and finally to hear and whofe dettr-determine ti?e fame:, and in cafe tl>e judgment of fuch juftiqe n»in»ttoo (hall bd'affirmed, «t lha)l be lawful ror fuch: jufocei. to' jiwara the perfan of pprfens to payfutheofts occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem tneet. Provided- neveetheiefs, That Juflice may it (hall and'may bdlawfiil to and ferthe faid jdftfeej wbett he	I**4

(hall fee cadfe;' to mitigate andleflen any fuch penalties as he ni Ue‘*

(hafl think fit, treasonable pofts and charge* of the officer# and . Informers, as well in makingithe-difcovery a* in <prafeartirtg the fame, being always allowed, over and abott-rtbOh*‘mitigation}, and fo as fuch mitigation dq. not reduce the penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the (aid cofts and cft&rgeS; any fhing'tfonfainetfhvrtb a£f, or atpy othfcr adV of parliament, to the contrary nbtwithftaitding.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, .That if any pcr(pp,,ot- perfons Penalty an

(hall be fummoned as a witnefs or witnefTes, to giveeviddcce	fine*

before fuch jufdce or juftices, touchin| any t}ie m«tqrs rp-

lattVe to this adft or to the hefeilffoefofe recited adt orpe la(t (hall negleft fefjion of parliament, and (hatl negledt or refufe (6 appear at thy to appear, time and place to be for that purpofe appointed; (bis. or her reafonable expends being fifft paid or wndfefed^;’Withoor a reafonable excufe fcrr fuch negledt Or refofal, tb be allowed of bV fuch juWce or juftices pf the peace, of appearing,, (hall re-fSJfe to be examined on oath*..end give evidence before Aieh juftke or juftices of the peace bofere?whom the ptofecutkmlhali be cfependiMg,' that then every fufrfi perfon foall forfeit, for everjr fikh- qncrt'Ce, the fom of toffy (hillings, to be levied and paid ih fuch manner, and by- fitob- means, as is-herein dkeded as to other penalties, without * reafonable ex€ti(d“f«-- fuch re-fiaftl, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juffices bf the peace/

XI.	And be it further enadled, ‘ That all forfeiturpsfcafvd pc- PenaWe* and

nalties mentioned in this adt (the eeceflary eharges for the re- forfeiture* covers thereof being firft deduced )-fhall be divided and diftrf- 0	***'

bated, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his Ma-jeftyVftarilp-duties, (or fomc perfon authorifed by him to receive the lame), for the ufe of his Majefty, and the other

moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

XIL Provided alfo, and be it enadled* That no perfon or Cowptaiatt,

perfons &c. under this

Digitized by Google

4*«	,

i&k, to bit fciade wit hilt * year afttt tht oftcncd.

AnnoviccfiiDd (Junto GeoRgii IIL c. 8; t>. [17I3.

perfon* (hall be liable to beacon vi&fid before any juftiee of peace for any offence Committed againft tbh ad, or an ad inpi An a<!t fVh thtulifig ari ofl, made tbi	f,

pxtftnt A&tftflfr intituled. Art ad for charging a ftaotpdtoty-inland .bills of exchange, proratftbry tews,- ooothernoteay an-aUe oahnrwifetfaan rtpondetnarid; Mi ftrgritting-a^aojdnft-ddtiet en tills if exchange, prmiffbrj and other rates, and, dutitienreceiptsi on)c&complaintor informattoa4uH bemads Or exhibited againft fach perfon or perform -wi tfeift ote ytaad after fach offence committed;

,. •.	C	A PiVIifi -! ter M)	fix •

An aft for the more iity and fpcedy recovery of	witfiia the

town nod port of Dovor, and the. pafifbes Of Umritoo^ Unrtrlimfa ‘River, Ewell, Lydden, Cotdred, Eafttangdon, Weft Larigdon, Ril^* Would, Saint Margaret's At Cliff, WJntftdd Otherwise Beatosfidd^ Gufton, Hongham otherwHe* Huffb^m# Capfe It Fern, and Atfcham,’ and alfo the liberty of Oovor Cattle, in the county of K^nti t v ". ^

The name and ftyle to be the Court 6f Resets in tht Totm atfdtffert of Dovor • debts above stf. and Under 40 s* may be recovered therein* Conf-jnii&Oiitfs appointed.	**-*.*.'

•	/	.	cap.	it,.v,;':v;;

Anaft to enlarge tht powers of an a£ mad# in Hit	tbf

reign of bis late majsJty King George the Second, iRtx£ukd,*An>ftfcr -draining and preferving certain marfli and fen lands, and k>w jrniftij in tht parifh of Wiggenhull SrintMafy Magdalen, in the

MorftHt. *' - - -	■■	4t	 ’

t	^	.^si	\;	*	*	N**

Recital of an t^yG«p. ». & if* . &ovm^ tofmhlflioriers in ((us. Meetings of commURentra as in * n *“ to fay a further tat bf »«.	J

ot Sdttb and Hottb Headin lands off the est ftdtofvfaid

f * s. tfdf. per dcre per ar\n7 on lands bn Heading Drains, and r v. *5 d/pef ioe bear 1 ofvfaid dftdnt. Rates ft be m'lMh i until payment of the mora a* be, frOTm^ed. j fasterttf bofttfcfl and to aflign the rates as i tecurity. Mortgageebjriytdirtftsag sqod

tht money to be,borrow^, jusd intereft thereof^ Ciedtotrt M'dHbidl fof intereft. if not paid half yearly, or withip three fhtotbetiftfn Aetata rides transtiprrable. A dabi, bankv drdiq, and umc^Jtodx wkbii tbrtt months after paling this a a, tcrOTs'Yhe eiid of The {forth jfgofc, Froriio, that at she ekpiraftion Of foMnears,if nidd^m, cial to the dran|ge of hmdadputh.nf fod ShUd^LMd/^fanseSo-be rertioved, . May jnake^allpwa^ct for.catcbi^g ..mol^iaqdivttb^u rWb^ trees of nbl^rth bife within 400 ertftod by eh&or the former *&\

within tht fiiOte -dUUsicV. NO____________

drainage of oipitraown JamRoniy.^ dClpBik*9Me> of

to this. AH £u(anto be conMhtnctd within	________

brought ih NdftpftjV Central*«ut, Trebk Cofts^	tv-.ra

■ : ,.7	77	7	**..«•*.	"	*:	1 u Jr

W-, - -	g	*	-	J	J >. f.

,	’	r	•	-	;	.	S	.	!•	/	.

' ‘s-	;............................ .	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

%

pB3.] Anno ViccGmo quarto Gborqii III. p, to—o a,

; rt\-1 ] t 8 . ' .• *j 11	"•	'	•	'

CAP. X.

in for appointing commiflioncrs tQ nut in execution an a# of thi| teflion of parliament, intituled, A«» nft for granting an aid to hii Ma.	: ::r	*‘

jetty by a land Ux, to be railed in Great Britain, for tbe fenrice of the year one thoufand leven hundred and eighty-four; together with thofe named in two former a£b tor appointing conjinifjioner* of the land tax# and with thofe named in an act of the lalt (elHon of parliament, intituled, An adt for granting an aid to his Majelty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, tor ttye fervice of the year qnf thoufand fetren hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI

An att for punHbjng mutiny and defeetioli 1 and foe the better payment of the army and their quarter**	\

■ I ■ 1. » N tl 1 •» /	’

Nmator offorcet 17,4*3, including ,,ojo invalids, pontinped for one year.

‘ :\ . c a p. : xn. \

ftn ofl to	autborife	tbe	removal	ofprifoners efrtain cafes; on if

.	amend tbe eaves	rtfptfling theOranfportat'mof offenders.

TT7HEHEAS difficulties have occurred, which Moped pfttmW*.

V V the tarrying into execution ftnttncts and orders of tranfportation of convUls to places beyond the feat', and it may be fame time before. tbe fajd	diffint/tiettan be obviated:	and whereas, from tbe un-

ufuaiiy,great, number of offenders new under	death	and

refybted during bis Majtjly's phafure, or under fentente or order of transportation, its the gaols	within England Wales, is

futh a want of convenient and /efficient room in many	gaols

then very-dangerous caufogvtutes atrt to bo apprehended, unleft fome immediate	prmfionbe mode for removing futb offenders to feme other

plate cfxonfpetnent : be it therefore cna&ed Toy the King’s molt rxcetfept nhuefty, by end with the advice <md content of the lords fpiiitual and temporal, and com moot, in this prefent parliament aflesnWfd, and by the authority’ of the lame. That, Hit Mijtfty front and Tttlfoediately after the twenty-hftb day of	one	imnowered to

theiifapd .fevea hundred and eighty-four, it/bail he lawful for	10

his Majefty. from time to time, by an order in writing to be jvmRS notified by one of his Majefty’s principal feoretariet of ft ate, or of peace to for any three or more of fitch of his Mijefty’s jufticc* of the order, the repeace acting in and for tbe county, city, or placet m which of "*■" fuch gaol wall be fituated, as (hall be authorised by his Ma- §^r feotence' jetty, under his fign manual, to direct the removal of any one of death, &c-or more male offender or offendera, who, during the -coarinu- from any gr-pnee of this ad, (hail he under (entance of.death with a reprieve i" ®»g(*»( during hit Majeftyb plcafnire, or under lenience or order of w ** transportation, and who, haring been examined by.an experienced furgeon or apothecary, thaU appear to be free from any putrid or infc&ipua diftemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifbn in which fuch o/Fcoder or offenders (hall be confined, to fuch place of confinement within	or the do-

minion

;aot

or

Google



to de» jfjter offender t according to fiich orders, withes'proper' {frufifMf.

Gaolers fees, and expences of icmoval, to be paid by jbe county.

Ovtrfcertp to whom fueh

Sriionera are divered, to have theiame powers over them as gagi. fH &c.

A#md uitfeflftto *p*w*<* Oroaiwi HI* c. f 1« [ 17S

minion of /if'i/rt, either at land, or on board any (hip ar vdfci in the river Thames or any"navigable >or oilier river* or within the limits of any port of England or IVala, as his Majefty, ot 4ny thTO bir more of fuch jufrices, authorifed as aforekkl* lhafl from time to time appoint, and under the xnan^mmi of ant •vcrfeeror over/eers to be appointed by hisMajefty^.oe.w three efr triore of fuch juftices authogifed as afaceiaid ; and offender who l^iali be f° removed (hall continue rathe fed place of confinement, ox be removed to and confined in any ether fuch place or places as aforefaid, $s his Maje(iy9 «■ as any three or more of fuch juftices, authorifed as aforefaid* from time to ^me (hall. appoint* -until fuch offender be. tranf-ported according to- Uw or by the-expiration of the term c£ fuch trVnfportation, or otherwifc, (hail be intitlcd to his li-

Sty, or until his Majefty, or until ^ny three or more ef filch [ices, authorifed as aforefaid, (hall direA the rett^m of^frefi tnder to the gaol oj prifc^ from whi$h heltull have been (b removed,

/ IL And he it farther epa&ed, Tfiat th$ iherifPoc-gamier, having tlie cuftody of any offenderwfiofe removal Audi oe ordered ir\ manner aforefaid, (hail, \yith all convenient ipeed after receipt of the notification of any fuchordof^ cotsvey^ or capfe to be conveyed, every fuch offender totheplaceappoinr-edr and there deliver him, with * certificate of b>»r durfftian name, furname, and age, and of his offence^ and ofi the coart in which he was convidcd, and alfo of the purport of his Sentence, to fuch overfeer .or overfeers as aforefaid* trim fhatfgrve a proper receipt ip writing to the sheriffor gaoiecy fijr tkojdtf-charge of fitch (heriflf*r gaoler.;	v

Ilf. And be it further enadted, That all fees, m^elhicsin* out of the cuftody of fu$h Ihcrrff or gaoler any fudr offender (q ordered to be removed, as hath ufuatty bten paid, aod wfcol4 have beet\ due to 4hem refpeftivety if fuch offewder had bdn removed in order to have been tranfported, and »U itaJahable expences which {lit (heriff or gaoler (hail incur in every feth, removal, (hall be paid by the county, riding* city, hbrotigb, liberty, or other divifion, for which the court m Wtiohithe offender was convtded (hall have bees held 5 and the'fhetjff or gaoler (hall receive the money due for fuch fees and expences from the treafurer of fuch county^ riding, city, hetoogh, liberty, or other diviGon* fuch fpes and expences- bring faft allowed by the order of t^e jufti cos of the peace attheir quartern or other general feflions of the peace, who act herehy raprired to males fitch order as 4haH be juft in tbat< b*h^> M * 1

IV.	And be rf further enabled. That after deEeei^> of^ny Offender under'this a<5V the overfeev who (hallhawe the ebftody of him (hall, during the term of fuch cuftody, /hsvcvthe lame pesters over trim *3' atietaddtnc to the oflUe -of a (heriff or gaoler ^and m like manner be anfwerabk fbriany efcape of fuch offender'; and alfo^ during fuch cuftody* ffiafr teed and clothe fiKh ofifeudcr, and (hriMsep him ^ 4u(fh madfter, and

when

Digitized by Google

78 g-,3 Anno vlcefimo quatfs>,(5i£OB©JiIlI-&- 1*.	419

vbere the fame can fafely be'done, permit Mm to labour at uch places, and under fitch directions, limitations, and.reftric-ions, as his Majefty, or as any three or more of fuch iuftice** ruthorified as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, t>y dny order :a be directed to fuph overfeer or oyerfcprs for their inftrudipn, appoint; and mall allow hijp half the profits arising from fuch Prifoner* tft labour for his own ufej1 and in thp mean time, as nearly in j**u°w.ed conformity io the treatment of pcrfoos committed fo boufes pf correctiop as the. nature pf the c*fe will allow.

V.	. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no- but (ball not

thing contained in this a<ft (hall extend to authorife putting to **	**

labour any perfon, whilft he continues confined by vjrtpe of work* tins ad, who (hall not content thereto,

VI.	. An# it .is hereby declared. That qll the timp during Time of im-

which any offender, being removed under the provifions afore- prifopmtnt te faid, (hall continue confined by virtue-pf this ad, (hall be reckoned in difcharge, or part discharge, or fatisfadion of the	0f tranC.

term of his {rapfportation, fo far as fuch time (hall extend. portatioa.

VJI. And.be it further enaded, That if any offender (hall, overreersmny during fuch cuftody under this ad, be guilty of any milbcha- inflift mode-viour or diforderly conduct, it (hajl be lawful for fuch overfeer rtwPf"lfh‘jr pt overfeers,. having the cuftody of fuch offender, to inflid, or SrtmrioarAe, faufe to be inftided, fuch moderate puniflunent as may be in-ffided by law on perfons committed to a houfe of correction) and if any fuph offender (hall break from, or unlawfully leave ihn-cuftody-of fuch overfeer or overfeers, or if any perfon (hall refeue, or attempt to refcuc, or alfift in refcuing, any fuch of* fender from filch cuftody, or (hall-fupply any arms orinftra* tnent of efcape, or any difguife* to fuch offender, every fuch pffence (hall pa punithable in the fame manner as if fach offender was in a.gaol or prifen, i» the cuftody of the (heriff or pthcr gaojer, far. the crime of. which fuch offender (hall have been convided,

. VIII. And be it - further enaded*. That the overfeers of the Overfeers to fevcral places pf confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make returns pdvfinll, from time , to time, make returns*. fpecifying the °o the court {lames qf every perfon io their cuftody* the offeoce^of which he 0f King s (hall have been guilty, the court before which be (hall have Bench, the been convided, the (entente of the court, with his age, and foil day of bodily ft ate, .and his behavnour whilft in cuftody; • and alfo the mry name of fiich offenders who (hall have died under fuch cuftody, or (hall have efoaped, or have been lawfully releafed from the fame; which returns (hall be made the firft day of every term	*

fco his MajcftyY court of King's Btnch at	, on the

oath of the perfon or perfossoMking'the lame > fuch oath to b#

• piade before the (aid court* or any commifiioner authorifed te fake affidavit! in the fame.	.

IX.	And yohates there art fhvertl perfans	in county and

(itj,goals in England and Wales, under /internes and orders'mode hyajttjliwar juflices ef pease	at their fijitns, or in s

furnmaryw&j^ oftd net warding ft tit ustrft	;

■	be

J

Digitized by LjOOQie

4i0	Afina	vicetimo	quarto	GeqRGII III. e. t*. [iy8j.

be it further enaftct|, That it (halt and may be lawful for a»jr ■a renwve io!^ce of alBae or great fcffion, or any two or more juftices of ; prifonertcom- the peace, within whole jurifdk5hoi> the faid gaol it Situate, to mfetcd hr juf- remove any fuoh perfbn or perfons to any houfc of correctioa #ea of peace, within the feu} jurlldiition, there to remain in execution of the (aid Sentence or order.

X. And whereas	the	fecurity required by an faffed in the

fourth year of the reign of hit late King George tbf (intituled. An aft for the further preventing robbery, burglary, ' and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and' for declaring the law upon feme points relating to pirates), relates only to tie fortation of offenders to his Majejly's colonies and	tn

America: and whereas an til, faffed in the nineteenth year hie

frefent Afaje/ty, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the faws relating to the tranfportatioh, imprifonment, and other puoMb-ment, of certain offenders), bath not provided any feevrity to bo Any court taken fo/feod thereof; be it ensiled. That it (ball and may be |awfu| for a„y COurt, having competent authority to order the she tnn&or. tranfportatipn of offenders, or any perfon or perfaqs duly natation ofof- thorifed for that purpofe, to require and take, from any perfon fcadcr>, fp)jr or perfons who thai) be willing to contract or agree fee the *CeP i* tranfportation of any offender or offenders, Sufficient fecurity mdiWfecu- that he or they will tranfoort, or esufe to be tranfported effec-iky for their toally, fuch offender or offenders to the place to which he, fhc, WMijporting or they, is; are, or (hall be ordered to be tranfported; and that *kw>« he- the faid offenders, or any of them, (hall not be Suffered to return from the faid place to any part of Great Britain, by the wilful default of fuoh perfon or perfons fo corn railing as afore* faid, or his or their affigns) and inftead of the certificate required by the faid ail of the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, to take fecurity for the production of fuch other evidence of the ailual tranfportation of inch offender or offenders as (hall appear neceflary, and as the nature of the cafe may warrant.

XI.	And vohertos the provifions of the faid ail i faffed m the nineteenth year ef the reign ef bis frefent Majefly, (	,	An	ad	to

explain and amend, the laws mating to the tranfportation, unit offender!	prifonment, and other punifhment, of certain offenders), are

notfuffklent to obviate the difficulties which have ariftn in tarrying tusufierted rucinikn fententes and orders for	offelons, and

toihTpiace others now astder confinement: and whereas, in order tefaeiStott mentioned in the tranfportation of fucb felons, and others, it is nectffary, that au-t Set r feme nee, shortly Jhould be given to tranfport them to any proper place beyond ***	fa*although the faid place be not mentioned in the fentente or

fcemsyerder	order feet their tronfportatidn: be k ensiled. That if any offender

tun to b*	hath already been ordered to he tranfported to any part beyond

transported	the feas, or if hereafter any offender (hall be under the fike

2*«,tlwv<r estdtr, *>d fueh order cannot be conveniently executed with SaU think	trefpeA to the place in fuch order mentioned, it (halt and may

ftafer.	be lawful for the court of King's Bench, or for the court before

which

Digitized by Google

1783*] Awichvfcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. i2; which any fisch perfoiv hath b$*n or (hall be cgnvidfed, or anf court holder* for the feme county, city, riding, liberty# divifion, or place, haviqg like,authority; or whilft-the.court of King's Bench is not fitting, for any two juftices of the court of King's Bench, Common Puns, or barons of the Exchequer, of the degree of the coif, iftuch court, or fuch two juftices. or barons, (hall t)tink ftr, ta order that,fuch offender (hall be tranfported to any Other part beyond the Teas, which (hall appear to fuch court proper for tha£ purpofe, in fpeh and the like manner, and for the fapae term of y^rs, *as fuch offender is or (hall be liable tq be, tranfported to the place mentioned in the original fenteneef orf order, for his or her tranfportation; 4 and fuch order (hull be conf^dcred^s made at the fame time, and (hall be as cffedlual tip every intent"and purpofe, and (tiaU have all the fame confe-quences in-every refpe&, as the opgioal.order for thetranfpor-tafiqn of (iuch offender $ and fuch pffender (hall be transferred* Obeyed, and made over to any perfon who will contradt for ^he performance of fuch tranfportation, and to his or their ail^gpa,. ih like manner as if fuch offender had been tranfported to jh$ place mentioned in the original order of tranfportation 1 nqd (hch perfon or perfons fo contradfing as afbrefaid, his or ^(Iigp$,. by virtue of fuch order of transfer as aforefaid, mfJlitavea property $md jptereft in the fervice of the faid of-tender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be tranfported $ and in cafe fuch offender io ordered for tranfportation (hall be afterwards at large within aqy part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without fotne lawful c^ufe, before the expiration of the term for which fuch offender ftalj have been ordered to be tranfported, every fuch offender, ^i^hereof lawfully convidted, (hall fuffer death as in cafes of. felony, without benefit of. clergy; and (hall be tried before 3nd in fuch manner, and the fame,evidence made of for his or her convi&ion, as are diredted by the laws now i^Jbcing for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be tranfported ; and whoever (hall difcover, apprehend, and profecute to convidlion of felony without benefit of clergy, any fuch pffender fo found at large within this kingdom, (hall be intitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the lame manner as any perfon may be in* titled to for difeovering, apprehending, and profecutipg to con-vidtion, any offender ordered to be tranfported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for >yhicb foch offender was ordered to be tranfported: provided always, jThat it (hall not be lawful to order any offender to bo tranfported to the coaft of Africa, who (hall be under fentcace or order of tranfportation to any other place.

XU. And be it further enadted, That the expends of carrying this adt into execution, not otherwife provided for, (hall be annually laid before both hoyfes of parliament ; and after.de-* dudling thereout the profits, if any, arifing from the earnings Vol. XXXIV.	Gg	*	ot

4V

Offenders returning before the expiratioq of tbeir terra# to foffer death.

sol* reward for profeCut* ing fuch of* feeders.

Expences of " executing this aft to be laid annually before both houfes of-parliament.

Digitized by L.ooQle

422

Anno viccfimo quarto GfiOROli III. C. i3. [i^t$

of the offenders who fhall Iibour in any of tftt pi tort of confinement to be appointed by virtufe Of this *&, fhall bit prtfvfcfcd for in the next (applies to be granted to his Majefty by par-liament.

Perfons profc- XIII. And be it farther ehaAed, Thfct if any fiiit or aftion cuted for cxe- (hall be profecuted again ft any perfon or perfons for any tiling aAml y plead <*one *n purfuance of this aA, fuch perfoh btperfdirs may plead the general the general iffue, and givt this aA, or 'thfe fpeciil matter, in iffue;	evidence	at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fatafe

was done by the authority of this aA: and if a vetdtA fliall bafs for the defendant or ddfendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeonthtue his, her, or their a Avon, or aAions after iffue joined ; or if bn dednifrer, or otherwife, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff br plaintiffs, the and, on ob- defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the rcmcJy ®°r ^amc* as any defendants hkve by law in cover treble" other cafes; and though a verdiA (hall be given to any plaintiff cofts.	in fuch aAion or fuit as afore (aid, fuch plaintiff (hall not have

cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom die trial (hall be, (hall certify his approbation of the verdiA. Limitation of XIV. And be it further enaAed, That all aAions, fuits, and a&ions.	profecutions, to be commenced againft any perfon or perfons

for any thing done in purfuance of this aA, (hall be laid and tried in the county and place whefe the faA Was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after tbfc faA committed, and not otherwife.

Continuance XV, And be it further enaAed, That the provifibns of this #f this aA, ^A, fo far as the fame extend to authorize the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, (hall continue to be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty-fffth day of Marcby one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, and alfo to the end of * the then fefiion of parliament; or if the faid term of one year (hall not determine during any fefiion, then till the end of the then next enfuing fefiion of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. XIII.

An aft for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one yeary beginning the twenty-fifth

M March, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-four; and fining the number of deputy lieutenant;, and juftices of the "peacel to aft in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

XV.	A ND whereas by the laws now in being relative to the raifing and training of the militia forces, certain aftt are required to be done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one jujtice of the peace9 or h one deputy Keutenekt end two juftices of the peace: and whereas it frequently happens that three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one jtefthe xj the peace > or one deputy lieutenant and two juftices of the peace9 can* not be ajembled for fuch purpofes9 whereby many inconveniences hate

stifeni

Digitized by Google	I

tyZ$.] Aftrio VloeJtmd cJUirto OeciroIi ltl. C.	4

arifen\ be it therefore ena&ed, That m all cafes where any acSt ^||,*^rscherc‘ is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy °°ed ^ lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one juftrce of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two jgftices of the d?p. licut*. peace, fuch a&s may be done by two deputy lieuteriants, or by aml one deputy lieutenant and one juftice df the peace; and fuch ™ytwo<\cp* adts to done fhall be as valid and effedtutfl as if the fanrtd were licutsi done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one jufticc of the peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two juftices of the peace; any former && or aftsof parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIV.

Aa aft to continue the provifions of an aft of the twenty'third of hie prelent Majefty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of BritifU and Trifh buckrams and tillettings, Britim and Irifh linens, Britifh cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, (tain* ed, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

*3 Geo. f. c. ai. recited; and continued wbilft a bounty upon exportation of ‘buckrams and tillettings, linens, callicoes, artd cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, filall continue to be given by any a ft of parliament in Ireland.

C A P. XV.

An alt for further continuing, for a limited tilde, an aft made In the lift ieffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for preventing certain inftru-ments from being required from (hips belonging to tne United State!

*>f America i and to give to his Majefty, for « limited time, certain powers for tbe better carrying on trade and commerce between the! fubjefts of hit ‘Majefty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the faid United States.

03	Geo. ). c. )9» recited | and further continued until June so, 1784*

CAP. XVI.

An aft for allowing further time for in roll ment of deeds and wills mad# by Papiffct, and for relief of •Proteftant purehaftr*

Aft 3 Geo. s. continued to Sept. I, 17S4.

cap. xvir.

An aft for tbe regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhdrt, -—Same as laft year.

C A P* XVIIL

An tfft for regulating, smd rendering more effeftual, the «*£ftion oflh# ft suite-work withm tbe Jure of ndittburgh.; and 'for aurhoriftog the truftees for putting in ‘execution fevecal aft* for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow* gpon the credit of the lolls ariftng within the diftrift of Lafwade, a further fn?n of mpney, to be applied for payment of certain fums borrowed on tbe perfonal fecu* -rkyot the faid truftces; and for further vaporing thexcodt within tbt /aid di ft rift,

Cgz

cap.

Digitized by

Google

S'

424 Anno ViceGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 19—24.	[1783S

CAP. XIX.

An a& for fettling the rates for the carriage of pafiengers and goods for hire to and from the lile of Wight.

Prices of carriage to be aflefled by the quarter feffions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of goods, and in default one month's imprifooment. Mailers names. See. to be put on vef-fels $ and a table of rates affixed in the cabin. See. and alfo a defeription of houfes, regiftered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting 51. Exception as to velTels carrying Hie mail, See. junlefs engaged to carry paftengers, Sec. at an earlier hour. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Mailers of veftels to appoint and engage houfes for lodging goods, Sec. To be regiftered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at fuch houfes, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in fuch books to be iucertained by quarter feffions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at regiftered houfes. Inhabitants of the I(le of Wight competent witneftes. Convictions not to be quafbed for want of form* Form of conviction. Limitation of aftions. Public*, aSt.

CAP. XX.

An aft	for the appointment of an additional	for the	inter

government ef the poor of the parifh (/Bradford, in the county o/Wilt*.

CAP. XXI.

An all for building a bridge over the river Oufe, at Newhaven, in the county of Suflex.	.	.

CAP. XXII.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an	in the

fourth pear of the reign of bis	for repairing and

widening the road from	in	the	couoty	of

through Wallingford and Pangbarne, to Reading in the county of Berks j and for building a bridge over the river s	at	or	near	Shillingford	Ferry.

CAP.. XXIII.

An all to continue and enlarge the term and powers tf alt made in the third year of the reign of bis prefent	An

a<5t for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of	to

Jreleth, in the county of

CAP. XXIV.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an all, made its tie fourth pear of the reign of his prefent	for repairing and

widening the road from	in the county of

Nottingham, to The Croft Pojl upon Smalley Common, in the county-of Derby; and from llkejlon to the towns of Heater ■ and Shipley, in the faid county of Derby \ and from Trowtll, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham; except fo far as relates to the road leading from Ilkeftdn to the town cf Shipley.

CAP-

Digitized by

Google

x783*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 25—29! CAP. XXV.

An	ail for enlarging	the term and powers of an ail of the third year

of the reign of	his prefent Majejlyfor repairing the roads from

Lems ford Mill,through Welwyn and	, and by Cory's

Mill, to Hitchen, and from	,	through	,	to

fiitcben, in the county of Hertford.

C A P. XXVI.

for enlarging the term and powers of an	in	the

Jiftb year of the reign of his pre Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the fouth end of Newton Abbott to the paflage way in Kingfwear, oppolite Clifton Dartmouth ’	Hardnefs-,and	from the end of a lane leading out of the

turnpike road between Newton Abbott and	towards

Abbott's Kerfwell, to Five Lanes j and from Langver's Barn to the faid turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Mont's Bridge and Brixham £>uayj and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Paington Jown, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXVII.

An ail to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, made in the fectni year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the Loft turnpike road, in the parilh of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Euan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the fouth fide of Tretbi Mill in the parifh of Saint juft, in the faid county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, pajjed in the Jeeond year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, for amending, widening, and.keeping in repair, the road from Cajlle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End ;and from or near the guide poll at Waleot Town’s End, in the county of Leicejler, to the eighty mile (lone in field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for continuing the term and powers of two ails, made in the Jixteenth and twenty-feeond years of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, for repairing the high road from Boroughbridge, in the county of Tori, to Catheritk, in the fame county j and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the river

T(ts,

Gg3

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

Anno vIgefHnc quarto Gjorgij HI. c. 30-^34; [1783. CAP. XXX.

An	alt for enlarging	the term and powers of an ally in tit

Jecond year of his	prefent	Majejly	o intituled, An ad\ for

amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or fide of the town of Marlborough; and from the faid town of Mqrlhorofcgb to the village of Eyerley, in the county of IPilts,

C A P. XXXI.

jfn all for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an oil of the third year of the reign of bis prefont Majejly,for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, feve-ral roads leading from the town of Barnjtaplex la the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXII.

Ad ail to antinut and enlarge the term and powers, e£ a* afl, made in the Jecond year	of tht reign of bit prof out Majejly, in-

tituled, An a<ft for repairing and widening the road from Qofham, in the county of So, to thp city of

it,hejitr.

CAP. XXXUJ.

An ait for continuing the term, and powers of an all, mpdf «* tht third year of the reign of his prefent	, for repairing the

road from the fourteen mile ftone, in the parifh of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of	and	for	re-

pairing, amending, and keeping in repair, fevered roads Within the faid county.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aH for continuing and amending an ail of tht fourth year of ' bis prefent Majejly, for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in	t;	and

from the'tenth mile ftone ip the parifh of Gefbertown, to the eighth mile ftope in the parifh of	, in the county of

Ltnu/u.

Digitized by

Google

THE

THE

Statute# at fcarge,

Anno vicejimo quarto Georgii III. Regis.

Being die FIRST Sefiion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Q$4

Digitized by

Google

Ml

Digitized by v^»ooQle

THE

STATUTES at Large,

j4mo	regni GEORG 11 III. Regis, Mag-

rue	Britannia, Franc, &

vicejimo quarto*

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the eighteenth den May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, F-ing, defender of the faith, &c. Being the firfi fejjion of the fixteentb parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An aft for further continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty? intituled, An aft for preventing certain inftruments from being required from fhipa belonging to the United States of America s and to give to bis Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubiefts of his Majefty’s dominions, and the in* habitants of the faid United States.

Aft as Geo. 3. c. 39. continued till Aug. 1, 178a, and further continue*} patil Aug. 1,1785.

CAP. II.

An aft to itnpower the Eaft India company to make a dividend to the proprietors of Eaft India ftock, at Midiummer, one thoufand feveq hundred and eighty-four.

>

Baft India company impowered to make a dividend for the half yea? ending July 5,178^, not exceeding 4 per cent 5 on capital of s,aoo,oool.

Digitized by

Google

CAP.



43°

Anno vitefuno quarto Georoii III. c. 3. {1784I

CAP. III.

An	aa fur mure effectually preventing frauds and abnfes commttad

by perfom employed in the manufactures of tombing wool, worfled yarn,and goods made from worfled,in tbt county of Suffolk.

Preamble.

Recital of •ft* at Geo.

*4 Geo. j. c.

and 15 Geo.

prevenung 1

abufes committed by perfoni employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fliftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot-preflirt, and of all perform employed in the faid feveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their asagea: and by another aft,made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent majeflyKing George the ^	a	An

pdf to amend an a<5t, made in the twenty-fopond year of the reign of his late majefly King George the fecond, intituled. Am a8 fir tbt vwe tffiChtalpreventing of frauds and abufes committed typer fens	employed in the mawficiwe if , and in (be wittiest,

hnen,	fuflian, cotton,	iron, ualher, fur,	flat, mohair, aged

flU	manufactures', and fir preventing unlawful combinations of

journeymen fori,	and journeymenh and of ablpufsm em»

ployed in tho fdid feveral	man/foaurtt; better payment

of their wages: and by another alt, made in the fifteenth year the reign 0) bis find prefent Majefly, intituled. Art adt to explain and amend an aft, made in the fourteenth year of hit prefent Majefly, intituled. An aa to amtnd an aa, made in the twenty* fecond year of the reign of his late majefly King George the fecond, intituled, “ An aa for tbt more effeOual	frauds	and

“ abufes committed by perfons employed in the	of bats,

yuntn,	ftflian, cotton, iron, hasp.

•* and in the

M combinations of journeymen dyers, andjourneymen	and

1 of ad	perflms employed in tbt fold feveral manufactures ■, and for

“ the better payment of tbeir wages; ” certain penalties and puntfls-mgnts in tbt laid aQs fefbe&huly mentioned are	upon all

perfons who flail reel falfe er Jbort yarn, and on embttasting the materials ufed in the faid manufaaures and whereas the good purpofes of the faid laws have been greatly frujlrated from the manvfaaurers of tombing wool, worfled yarn, and goods made from worfled, being unwilling to exptfe themfelves finely to the left attending the refentment of the fpinners and work people	them

for offences againfi the Jaid afis: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will he greatly prejudiced thereby, ttnlefs the manufoGurers are enabled jointly to carry theft laws into effectual execution, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enadted ; and be ft {nadted by the King’? mqlt excellent majefly, by and with

Digitized by Google

1784*} Aono vicefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 3.	431

the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parhament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a general meeting of the menu- General fa/Qturcrs of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made roeeti"*t,°* from worded, in tbc county of	Suffolkt (hall be held at appoint-

Jidarktt in the (aid county, on the kepnd Tuefiay in'the month ed. pf jiugafl next enfuing alter the palling of this aft, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the dune day, notice of which (hall be given in the ipfuricb and Bury newlpapers at lead twenty-one days before the laid meeting, by the clerk of the peace of the county of Suffolkat which Caul general meet'* ing the faid manufacturers prefent by themtelves, or proxies appointed by writing, under the band of any of fuch manufacturers, (hall have votes j and having firft chofen a chairman, the faid manufacturers (hall cleft, nominate, and appoint fifteen perfons from amongfk thenafelves, which faid fifteen perfons fo to be elected, (kali be a committee of the (aid manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee (hall be cho-(cuand appointeuin the manner bereia-after provided, and fq qs often as there (ball be occafioa 1 which committee are hereby autborited and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper perfons to be liccnfed hy the juftices of the peace of the county of Suffolk at any of their quarter fcfiions for the faid county, or any adjournment thereof, to be infpeCtors foe the purpofes herein-after mentioned j and alio to have the di-region of all profecutioos of offenders againff this and the (aid before mentioned ads, and the management of the fund herein*. after to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed neceflary and proper for the carrying this ad into execution, in fuch manner as the (aid committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or any five or more of them,

St a publick meeting to be affembled, (hall judge and think bell for the intereft and advantage of all the faid manufacturers.

II.	Apd be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be law- r,ninill.)1|| t ful to and for the faid committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a at any general meeting affembled (and they ara hereby autho- clerk, rifed and required) from time to time to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper perfon to be their clerk; His duty, yrhich (aid clerk (hall attend the meetings of the faid committee, and (hall in proper books, to be provided for that purpofe, enter and keep true and perfe& accounts of all the aCts, proceedings, and tranfaClions of -the (aid committee; and that each and every of-the faid manufacturers (hall and may at all convenient times have recourfe to and perufe and infpeCt all fucb books gratis^ and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying two-pence for every one hundred words (o to be copied; and if the clerk (hall refufe to permit any fuch manufacturer to infpect fuch books, or rCfufe to make copies or extracts thereof at the rate or times aforefaid, be (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds,

'	*9

Digitized by Google

Quarterly meetings appointed. '

Chairman to be cbofcn.

Qgeftions to be determined by a majority.

No bufinefs to be done at quarterly meetings unit fs five members prefcnt.

Three committee men may call a fpe-pal meeting.

New committee men to be

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgh III. C. 3.. [ 1784.'

to be recovered in fuch manner as any other penalty inflicted by this act is direAed to be recovered.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That for the purposes afore-faid a tneeting of the faid committee for the time being (hail be held four times in every year; (that is to fay) on the Tburf-day before Midfummer*day, on the Tburfday before Aftcbatlmas-day, on the Tburfday before the Epiphany, and on the TTmrfdey before Eafler-day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the faid days, who (hall have power to adjourn themfelves from time to time as occafion may require; all which faid quarterly meetings of fuch committee fhali be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the firft of which faid quarterly meetings (hall be held on the firft of the faid days on which the faid quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which (hall firft happen after the ele&ion of fuch committee as aforefaid; and at (uch firft quarterly meeting, and every fubfequent quarterly meeting of fuch committee for the time being, a chairman for each of fuch faid quarterly meetings (hall be chofen, and all matters or things which (hall come before fuch committee for their determination, (hall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of fuch committee then prefent, and if there (hall be an equality of votes upon any queftion which (hall come before the faid committee, then the chairman ihall have a calling vote, by which vote fuch queftion in difpute (hall be determined.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, That in cafe there (hall not at any of fuch quarterly meetings be there prefcnt and aflembled five of the perfons conftituting fuch committee, then, anc) in fuch cafe, it is hereby declared, that no bufinefs whatsoever (hall b* done at fuch meeting, and the majority of the perfons then prefent (hall caufe fourteen days notice to be given in the Ipfwicb and Bury weekly newfpapers of fuch next quarterly meeting.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That if at any time it (hall appear to any three or more of fuch committee for die time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the powers . granted by this a (ft into execution, or for fettling or diJcuffing any matters or things whatfoever relative to the fame, a fpecial meeting of fuch committee is necefiary or expedient to be held, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid three or more of the faid committee for the time being, to direA the clerk to give notice of fuch fpecial meeting of the committee to every member thereof, fetting forth the place where and the time when fuch fpecial meeting (hall be appointed to be held; and in cafe there (hall be then prefent at fuch fpecial meeting five of the faid committee, k (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee fo prefent to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this aeft to fuch committee.

VI.	And it be further ena<5led, That in cafe any one or more of the (aid committee for tfie time being (hall, die, or (hall decline

Digitized by

Google

1784.] Anno vicelimo quarto Georgii III, C. £	4	% %

dine bufinefs as a manufacturer, or (hall go to refide in any chofen in cafe diftant part of the kingdom, or (hall wilfully abfent himfelf or dcatb» themfeives from the faid quarterly meetings for the fpace of one year, or refufe to aCt, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee for the time being, at any of their faid quarterly meetings, there being five of fuch committee then prefent, to chufe another or other proper perfon or perfons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, in his or their place or places, who (hall have the fame power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VII.	And be it enaCted-by the authority aforefaid, That if

at any time hereafter it (hall appear, to any fifteen or more of lbcir the (aid manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarrn, or y* goods made from worded, within the faid county of Suffolk, that the faid committee for the time being negleCt to difcharge their duty to the ends, intents, and purpofes for which fuch committee was appointed ; and in cafe fuch fifteen or more of iud*ces ***?• fuch manufacturers fo diflatisfied (hall in writing under their thwof caTl1 hands make complaint thereof to the judices of the peace for a general the faid county of Suffolk, in any of the general or quarter meeting, See* feflions of the peace, or'in any adjournment thereof, tor the faid county of Suffolk to be held and aflembled, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch judices ia fuch feffions aflembled, and they are hereby required (if they lhall think proper after hearing the nature of fuch complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, within the faid county of Suffolk, at fuch time and place as fuch judices (hall think proper, and (hall alfo caufe notice to be given of fuch general meeting of fuch manufacturers as afore-laid in the Ipjwich and Bury weekly newfpapers, fetting forth the place where and the time when fuch general meeting (hall be held, the fame not being lefs than twenty-one days after (uch notice given in the faid papers, and which notice (hall be continued in the faid papers until fuch meeting (hall be held; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch manufacturers then prefent at fuch general meeting called and held in man-tier as aforefaid, to eleCt, nominate, and appoint a committee confiding of the fame number of perfons, and in the like manner, and under and fubjeCt to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein-beforc laid down and ordered for the election of the fird committee; and the perfons fo elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforefaid, ihall thereupon be inveded with the fame powers and authorities as the former committee were inveded with.

VIII.	And, for preventing frauds and abufes for the future by ferfons employed in the faid manufactures of combing wool, worjled

yarn, and goods made from worjled, and for the more effectual car-	t0	ap->

rying this aft into execution, be" it further enaCted, That the ju- point infpec. dices of the peace for the faid county of Suffolk> at their next tors of yarn,

quarter

. Digitize y Google

434	Anno	ticefimo	quarto	GeoRGH til. c. 3.

quarter (Hfions of the peace to be holden for the laid county, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the pairing of this aft, (hall and may, and They are hereby authorized and required to licenfe and appoint fuch perfons of good character and repute within. the faid county of	as	(hall	be

recommended to the faid juftrces by the faid committee of manufacturers, or any five of fuch committee, in writing under their hands, to be infpeCtors of worded yarn within the faid county of Suffolk.

Committee to IX. And be it further enaCted, That the faid committee of ftation inrpec- manufacturers for the time being, or any five of them, (hall an<l tfiay, ar,d they are hereby authorized to ftation fuch in-‘ fpeCtors for fuch diftriCts in the faid county of Suffolk as the laid comm'qtee, or any five of them, lhall think proper, and Ihall and may affign, allow, and pay to the faid infpeCtors fo appointed fuch yearly falaries as the (aid committee, or any five of them, (hall think proper, to be paid out of the fund hereinafter mentioned to be railed for that and the other purpofes of this aCt; and alfo (hall and may remove, difmifr, and difplace any of fuch infpeCtors, who by ficknefs or any other accident (hall be rendered incapable of (erving the faid office, or (ball milbehave, or not condudt himfelf or themfelves to the fatiT-faCtion of fuch committee.

InlptAors to X. And be it further enaCted, That the faid infpeCtors for pfe diligence the time being fo appointed (hall feverally and refpeCtively, in and bringing ,hc ^cvera^ diftriCts allotted to them by the faid committee, ufe offenders to' all due diligence and induftry for the convicting and bringing juftices to juftice all offenders againft this and the faid former aids, ana alio (hall and do from time to time, and as often as they (hall be thereto required by the faid committee, infpeCt the fevers! reels of all and every the fpinners of worded yam in their feveral and refpeCtive didriCts within the faid county of , and alfo the hanks of worded yarn, in order to fee that the directions herein-after laid down for reeling fuch yarn be complied with, and alfo (hall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them (hall deteCt any perfon or perfons offending againft this or the faid former aCIs, lodge informations againft fuch offender or offenders before the proper juftice or juftices of the peace, and profecute fudh offender or offenders to conviction: (heir powers, and for the eafier deteClion of all offenders againft this and the faid former ads, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch inlj>e<ftor or infpeClors from time to time, as occafion ftxafl require, to detnand entrance at ail) feafonable hours into the dwelling-houfe or dwelling-houfes, (hop or (hops, outhoufe or outhoufes of any agents or perfons hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun within the faid county of , to InfpeCt the yam in the cuftody of any fuch agent or perfon hired or employed as aforefaid within the faid county, where he has any information of or fufpeCts any falfe or lhort reeled yam} and in cafe of refuial, by any fuch agent or perfon hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun into worfted yarn, to- permit and a	fuffer

Digitized by LjOOQle

1	Anno tlcefimo quattb Gfcoftori HI. c. p	435

fufier fitch infpedibn, he, (he, or they fb refafing (hall forfeit and pay fuch futh of money, ndt exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, as fuch jufiice or jufiices, before whom be, fhe, or they (hall be convifted (hall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That every perfbn or per- Direftions tons employed or findertaking to fpin or red worfted yam for how "J®**®* hire 5n the (bid county of Suffolk, (hall red, or caufe or procure ^^UuU the fame to be irfeeled, either upon a yard reel of thirty-fix inches, ora fevett quarter reel of fixty-three inches, or a two yard reel of feventy-two inches round; and when fuch worfied yam (hall be f6 reeled, that each and every feveral hank or fieaiia of fuch worfied yarn, which (hall be reded on a yard red, (hall eonfift of hr contain feven taps or leas; that each and every fitch rap Or lea (hall eonfift of or contain eighty threads of fuch Worfted yam; and that each and every feveral hank Or fkain of fuch worfted yarn as (hall be reeled on a feveii quarter or a two yard reel, (hall eonfift Of or contain fix raps or leas; and tfirt each land every fuch tap or lea (hall eonfift of or contain idghty 'threadr of fuCh worfted yam.

Xll.	And be h further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons hired or employed in the comb- Penalties on log bf Wool, or in the Spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving (*lfe web"® X»f worfted yam, or in the preparing or working up any of the	*

materials ufed m the faid manufactures in the faid county Of ’

■Suffolk, (hall reel, or caufe to be reeled, any worfied yam contrary to the directions herein-before fpecified and laid down for the reding fuch yarn, or (hall conceal, keep back, embezzle^

■fell, or otherwife ailpofe of any .wool or other materials entruft-ed with him, her, or them to fpin, or other purpofes, and (hall of all or any of fuch feveral offences be lawfully convided be-■fore any one or more jufiice or jufiices of the peace of the faid county, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, folemn affirmation) of the owner of fuch yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation of the infpedor or in-fpedors appointed as aforefaid, or of any one or more credible winters or witneffes (which oath or affirmation fuch jufiice or jufiices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), or by the 'confelfion of the perfon or perfons chaiged with all or any of fuch offences, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for each and every (uch offence, be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties and punilhtnents as are feverally inflicted by the faid former ads, fo far as the faid former ads, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties (hall be recovered and punifh-xnents inflicted in the manner direded by the faid ads, or any of them; and which faid penalties (hall be publickly diftributed by the conftable of fuch townfhip, parifh, or place where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, in the prefence and under the diredion of the faid infpedor or infpedors, amongft the poor of fuch townftiip, parifh, or place faft above mentioned.

XIII. Pro-

Digitized by

Google

436

Profecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prtfbn.

Provifo*

Penalty on agents refuf-ing to difco-▼er perfons guilty of falfe reeling yarn.

Goods of butbands whole wives offend y liable to diftreft and fale.

Upon the death, &c. of in/pettors, others to be appointed.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgti III.*:. tf. [1784;

XIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aCt contained fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to'tfye fubjeCting any profecutor or profecutors of any offender or offenders againft this and the laid former aCts, to any charges Or expences of conveying fuch offender or offenders to prifon; but fuch charges and expences (hall be paid and borne by the conftable or other officer conveying fuch offender,or offenders to prifon; and fuch conftable or other officer (hall be reimburfed and repaid fuch charges and expences, in like manner as he is reimburfed and repaid any other charges or expences of his faid office.

XIV.	Provided nevefthelefs, That no part or fhare of fuch

Ecnalties or forfeitures be given to fuch offender or offenders, is, her, or their family or families.

XV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any agents, or perfons hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun into worded yarn, (hall have in his, her^ or their cuftody or poffeffion any worded yarn* not reeled according to the directions herein-before fpecifled and laid down for the reeling thereof, and (hall refufe, or not fet forth and give In evidence, before any of his Majefty’s judices of the peace for the faid county of Suffolk, being thereto required, what per-fon or perfons was or were the reeler or reelers of fuch falfe or (hort reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the fame, fo that the perfon or perfons who reeled or caufed to be reeled fuch falfe or (hort yarn, may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforefaid; he, (he, or they fo refufing, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, folemn affirmation) of any perfon or per-fons, before fuch judice or judices of the peace, as are hereinbefore mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, fo falfe or (hort reeled, which (hall be found in his, her, or their cuftody; all which penalties infliCled by this aCt (hall be recovered in the fame manner as the penalties inflicted by the (aid former aCts are directed to be recovered, and (hall go, be paidl, and applied * by fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner and form, to the poor of the townfliip, as the penalties herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVI.	And forafmuch as doubts have arifen, whether tbi goods and chattels of a kujband> whofe wife Jhall offend againft the faid former afts> are liable tojijlrefs and fale for raiftng the penalties thereby created; be it therefore further enaCted, That from and .after the paffing of this aCt, all fuch penalties as (hall be incurred by any married woman or married women, (hall and may be recovered, levied, and raifed bv diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the hufband or hufoands of fpeh married woman or married women fo offending againft this aCt, in the manner directed by the faid former aCts, or any of them.

.XVII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if any perfon who fliall be fo appointed an infpeCtor of worded yarn, (hall happen to die, or fliall be removed or difplaced from

his

Digitized by

Google

437

1784O Anao vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.

his faid office* it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juft ices of the peace of the faid county or Suffolk, in quarter feflions aflem-bled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licenfe fome other proper perfon or perfons to be an infpedtor or infpedtors of worded yarn within the faid county of Suffolk, upon the like recommendation and in fuch manner as is herein-before mentioned; which faid perfon or perfons (hall be inverted with all the powers, and fubjedt to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or negledt of duty, as the infpedtor or infpedtors in whofe place or places he or they (hall be appointed to fucceed, was inverted with, or fubjedt or liable to.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any infpedtor or infpedtors fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall at any time or times hereafter take or receive, from any perfon or perfons offending againft this or the faid former adts, any fum or fums of money, or any other thing whatfoever, to fcreen from juftice, or otherwife to hinder or prevent fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid from being convidled for fuch offence or offences, and being thereof convidled upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, folemn affirmation) of two or more credible witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid county of Suffolk, (which oath or affirmation fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to admini-(ler), then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch infpedtor or infpedtors fo offending to the houfc of corredtion, or other publick prifon in the faid county, for the fpace of one month.

XIX.	And whereas by fever al ads of parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and fever al fubfe-quint ads, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the faid aCts granted, are dire fled to'pay out of the monies in their hands, by way of drawback, unto'any perfon or perfons who Jbould employ any quantity of fope in the making of any manufacture, whereof the greatejl part of the value of the materials fhould be wool, or in preparing the wool for the fame, the duties upon the fope fo fpent and con fumed as aforefaid \ and to the end that a fufficient fund may be raifed for de-frying the expences in and about the obtaining this aCt, and for paying the falarics of the infpedors and clerk to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purpofes of this aft, and all other neceffary expences attending the carrying this aft into execution under the direction of the (aid committeey be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the colledtor or colledtors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons employed in the colledtion of the duties on fope within the faid county of Suffolk, and who by the faid adts are thereby diredted to pay fuch drawback of the duties on fope to fuch manufadturers as aforefaid, and fuch colledlor or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, are hereby required from time to time, to dedudt and retain the fum of four-pence out of every (hilling tQ which any perfon,

Vol. XXXIV.	HU	Jbcing

Puniftiment

of infpedtors fereening offender* from jultice.

Fond to he eftablifhed for defraying the expences of the execution of this aft.

Digitized by LjOOQle

43*	Anno	vfcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. j. [1784*

being a maftcr manufadturer of combing wool, worfled wm, or goods made from worfted, redding within the county of Suffolk (hall from time to time hereafter he entitled, and of which he, (he, or they (hall demand payment under or by yimie of the faid adls, or any other adt or adls of parliament whatsoever* as and for the duties of and for all fope fpent, employed* 4nd cor.fumed in the combing of wool, making of worfted yarn* pr any kind of goods made from worfted, or preparing the wool for the fame, in the faid county of Suffolk; and fuch collector or colledlors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or per-fpns, and each and every of them, (hall feverally and refpcc-tively pay or caufe to be paid unto the treafurer or die diyifion of Bury Saint Edmunds, for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the futnor fums of money 'by him or any of them fo dedudted, retained, had, or received, under apd by virtue and for the purpofes of this adh Treafarer XX, And be it further enabled. That the faid treafurer for to pay the the time being (hall, out of the money hereafter to be received thrift out by him in manner aforefaid, pay the charges and expences of of the money obtaining and pafling this adt, and the expences relative thereto be received to, together with intereft for all or any part of fuch expences, by him. the falaries of the infpedtors and clerk herein-before directed to be appointed, the expences of all profecutions in fupport of this and the faid former adts, and fuch other charges and expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the fup-port and encouragement of the faid manufadtory, as the laid committee, or any three of them in committee affeidbled, (hall by writing under their hands diredl or appoint; and the laid treafurer is dlfo hereby required not to pay any fum or fumjs of money fo to be hereafter received by him for the purpofes of this adt in manner aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons whomfo-cver, or for any purpofes whatfoever, without fuch order, di-rediion,, or appointment in writing under the hands of fuch committee for the time being, or any three of them in committee aflembled; and fuch treafurer (hall, and he is hereby required yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the faid committee herein-before appointed to be held on the ' Thurfday before Michaelmas-day in every year, for the future to return and tranfmit to fuch committee at fuch quarterly meeting, a true and perfedi account of all and every the fum or fums of money which (hall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, (ince the then Iaft yearly account; which faid account (hall be laid before the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Suffolk at their general quarter feflions of the peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Bury Saint Edmunds, in the faid county of Suffolk, for their infpedtfon and The rate of allowance.

in the XXI. And it is hereby further cnadled, That in cafe at any rin.ling may time hereafter the monies herein-before diredted and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treafurer for the purpofes afore-orje iKe ,	(hall,	aftcr paymc,u 0f aj( anj every the charges and ex-

pences

Digitized by

Google'

439

1784.]	Anno viceRmo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.

peaces herein-before ordered and dire&ed to be paid thereout, amount to the fum of fifty pounds only, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices of the peace for the faid county of Suffolk at their quarter feflions of the peace to be holden by adjournmentat Bury Saint Edmunds as aforefaid, upon application made to them by* the Paid committee, or any five of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the faid juftices by fifteen or more matter manufacturers of combing wool, worfted yarn, or goods made from worfted within the faid county of Suffolk, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increafing the aforefaid four-pence fhilling, which the col left ors and fu-pervifors of excife are herein-before dire<ted to retain in thtir hands, to eight-pence or eleven-pence per fhilling as they may think neceflary, until fuch fund (hall amount to four hundred pounds, and from time to time upon like applications to reduce the fame to three-pence or two-pence per fhilling, fo as the funds in the treafurers hands fhall not exceed four hundred pounds, nor be reduced to lefs than fifty pounds, and fo as the fame fhall never exceed the rate, proportion, or fum of eleven-pence per fhilling herein-before directed to be deducted and retained as aforefaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the juftice or juftices Howjuflicct before whom any offender fhall be convicted as aforefaid, fhall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in manner and form offenders, following ; that is to fay,

BE it remembered, That on the	day	tf

in the year of our Lord	A.	fi.	is cenvifled For® Sf

before me, (or us)	of	his	Majefly's jujlices of the peace conv,^oxu

for	[Specifying	the offence, and the place

where the fame was committed, and fo fpecifying that it was the firjl, fecondj or third offence againjl this af}y as the cafe fhall be; J

Given under my hand and feal, [or our hands and feals\% the day and year aforefaid.

Which convi&ion the faid juftice or juftices fhall caufe to be fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter feflions of the peace for the faid county of Suffolk, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of fuch county.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall find him, her, or Perfons ag-themfclves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any Sneve<1 maP juftice or juftices, or upon any conviction before him or them quarter °cf-iin purfuance of this act, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to Hons, the next general quarter feflions to be held for the divifion of the faid county where the offence fhall be committed, which fhall not he held within fourteen days next after the caufe of appeal fhall arife, giving ten days notice of fuch appeal to the

H h z	perfon

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo quarto GeorGII III. C. 3.' [1784;

perfon or perfons difcovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the juftices at the faid quarter feftions either confirm or difannul the orders or proceedings of the faid juftice or juftices, they (hall allow fuch cofts and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they fhall think* reafonabie, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes of appeal from any order of .the juftices of the peace to the feflions, wbofe order therein fhall be final.

XXIV.	Provided nevertheless, That the perfon or perfons appealing to fuch quarter feflions of the peace as aforefaid, (hall give fecurity to the fatisfa&ion of the faid juftice or juftices to profecute fuch appeal with effedl, and to pay the cofts which (hall be afcertained by the faid quarter feflions, in cafe fuch order or judgement be affirmed ; and the juftices in the faid

5juarter feflions are hereby authorifed to hear and determine uch appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and to award fuch cofts, as to them (hall appear juft; which order (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, and (hall not be removed or removeable, by any writ of Certiorari or otherwife, into any of his Maiefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier or elfewhere.

XXv. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enatEted, That no order or other proceedings fo made or had by or before any juftice of the peace in relation to the premifes (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only.

XXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afortfa*), Limitation of That if any fuit or a&ion (hall be commenced or profecufed a&ion«. againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch fuit or adion (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be feverally laid, brought, and tried in the faid county of Suffolk, as the cafe (hall happen, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch General iffue. actions or fuits (hall and may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch fuit or adion (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion after the defendant or defendants (hail have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be, given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may Treble cofts. recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts irt'other cafes at law.

Publick aft. XXVII. And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall be deenjed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by aW judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame, e	CAP,

Perfons appealing to

give (ccurity lo profecute, &c.

Orders to be final.

Provifo.

Digitized by

Google

1784*] Anno vicefimo quarto GeorGti III. c.4—6.,	44*

CAP. IV.

aft for incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorized by an aft, palled in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilftone and Autherley, with the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorized by an aft, palled in the twenty-third year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, to be made from Birnyngham to Fazeley j ana for consolidating their (hares 5 and amending the faid laft-men-tioned aft.

CAP, V.

An aft for enlarging the market-place, and regulating the markets within the town of Sheffield in the weft riding of the county of York; and for widening and rendering more fafe and commodious feveral ftreets adjoining or leading into the faid market place; and for taking down the prefent (laughter houfes within the faid town, and erefting others in a more proper fituation.

CAP. VI.

Jin aft to enablo fuch officers mariners, and foldiers, as have been in the land or fea ftrviccj or in the marines, or in the militia, or any corps of [enable meny fince the fecond year of bis prefent Ma-jejly's reign, to exercife trades.

WHEREAS there have been and are divers officers, mart- preamble.

ners9 foldiers, and marines, who have ferved his prefent Majefty in the late tvars by fea and land, fome of which are men that ttfed'trades 1 others that were apprentices to trades, who had not ferved out their times, and others who by their own induftry have made themfehes apt and fit for trades; many of which, the wars being now ended, would willingly employ themfelves in thffe trades which they were formerly accuftomed to, or which they are opt or able	»

to follow and make ufe of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be hindered from exercifing thofe trades in certain cities and corporations^ and other places within this kingdom, becaufe of certain bye-laws and cuftoms of thofe places, and of the fia-• tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the ufe 5 Eliz. c. 4. cf certain trades by any per]on who hath not ferved as an apprentice to fitch trade for the jpace of /even years: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the king’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch officer*, mariners, foldiers, officers, ma-and marines, who have been at any time employed in the fer- riners, fol--vice of his prefent Majefty, fince the firft day of Aprils in the d,cr?» and year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, |Jllav”n^„w 0 and have not fince deferted the faid fervice; and alfo the wives employed in and children of fuch officers, mariners, foldiers, and marines, the King's may fet up and exercife fuch trades as they are apt and able for, *5rvi.^e f,nc* in any town or place within this kingdom, without any let, ^havenot* fuit, or moleftation of any perfon or perfons whatsoever, for or fince deferred,

H h 3	by	and alfo the

iflue, they Hull be ac« quitted,

442	Anna	vkcfimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 6.	{1784.

wives and by reafon of the ofing of fuch trade; nor (hall fuch officer** children of ^ mariners, foldiers, or marines, or their wives or children, dur> th^fedCto<iet in6 time they (hall exercife fuch trades, be removcable from up and cxer- fuch refpetfive place or places, to his, her, or their laft legal cife trades in place of fettlcmenr, by virtue of any law now in being, relative any part of ^ to thc fettlement of the poor, until fuch perfon or perfons (hall M”ftan1not; ^ecomc actually chargeable to fuch pari(h or. place; and if any be liable to be fuch officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, removed from marine or marines, or the wife or child of any fuch officer, thence tp their mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall be fued, impleaded, or ia-pUce of fet- Rifled, *n anY court whatfoever within this kingdom, for ufing tlemcnt, until or exercifing any fuch trades as aforefaid, then the (aid officer they become or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, marine or aftually marines, or any wife or child of any fuch officer, mariner, fol-themSfti-10 ^cr> or mar*nc> waking it appear to the fame court, where and if fued, they are fo fued, impleaded, or indidled, that they have ferved upon pleading his piefent Majefty as aforefaid, or that he, (he, or they, is or the general are wife or wives, child or children, of fuch officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers,. marine or marines, who (hall have fo ferved his prefent Majefty, (hall, upon the general iflue pleaded, be found not guilty, in *ny plaint, bill, information, or indi&ment, exhibited againft them; and fuch perfons who, notwithftanding this a£t, lhall profecute the faid fuit, by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and (hall have a verdiCt pafs againft him, or become nonfuit therein, or difcontinue their faid fuit, fuch perfon or perfons (hall pay unto fuch officer or officers, mariner or mariners, foldier or foldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine refpedtively, double cofts of fait, to be recovered as any other cofts at common law may be recovered ; and all judges and jurors, before whom any fuch fuit, information, or indictment (hall be brought, and all other perfons whatfoever, are to take notice of this prefent aCt, and (hall conform them-felves thereto; any ftatute, law, ordinance, cuftom, or pavilion, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace, for the county, town, or place, where any fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall fet up and exercife any trade as aforefaid, to caufe fuch officer, mariner, foldier, (ball fo fet up, or marine, to be fummoned before them in the town or place lhall fummon where fuch officer, mariner, foldier or marine, (hall fet up and exercife fuch trade as aforefaid, in order to make oath of the place of his laft legal fettlement, (which oath thelaid juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) and fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, are hereby direCled to obey fuch fummons, and to make oath accordingly; and fuch juftices are hereby required to give an attefted copy of fuch affidavit fo made before them, to the perfon making the fame, in order that he may produce it when required; which attefted copy (hall at any time

be

and be paid double cofts of fuit.

Where any two juftices tor the county or place where they

them to give evidence as to the place of their laft legal lettle-tuent, they (hall make oath accordingly ; an at-felled copy whereof (hall

Digitized by v^»ooQle

i 784.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

be admitted as evidence as to fuch lad legal fettlement, before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, at any general or quarter foflions of the peace.

III.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall again be fummoned to make oath as aforefaid, then, on fuch attefted copy of the oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other perfon on his behalf, fuch officer, mariner, foldier, or marine, (hall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his legal fettlement, but (hall leave a copy of fuch attefted copy of his examination, if required.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft, and every part thereof, (hall extend to all officers and foldiers who have been drawn by ballot, and have per-fonally ferved in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, from the faid firft day of Aprily one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, for the term of three years, and have been honourably difeharged.

V.	Provided always. That this aft (hall not in any-wife be prejudicial to the privileges of the univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford\ or either of them; or extend to give liberty to any per** fon to fet up the trade of a vintner,' or to fell any wine or other liquors, within the faid univerfities, without licence firft had and obtained from the vice-chancellor of the fame refpeftively.

443

be given them, which (hall be admitted as evidence at the quarter feflions; and it fummoned again, they (hall not be obliged to, take a freth oath, but produce the former, or leave a copy thereof.

This aft extends to mi-litia rrun and fencibles who have ferved three years, and been honourably difeharged. Privileges of the two univerfities re-ferved.

CAP. VII.

An aft for explaining certain ads of the parliament of Scotland concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims made by the proprietors of the two manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glafgow, to certain exemptions from tujloms and duties, and for making compenfation in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by fevered ads of the parliament of Scotland, Preamble.

and, among others, by an ad pajfed in the year one thoufand fix hundred and fixty~oney in the firjl parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Aft for erefting of manufaftories, chapter the fortieth; by another aCl% pajfed in the year one thoufand fix hundred and fix ty-nine y in thefecond parliament of the faid King Charles the Second, intituled, Aft concerning the excife and cuftoms, chapter the eleventh \ and by another aCty pajfed in the year one thou-Jand Jix hundred and eighty-oney in the third parliament of his faid majtfty King Charles the Second, intituled, Aft for encouraging trade and manufaftories, chapter the twelfth -y certain privileges and immunities were granted, and rules made, for encouraging and promoting manufactures in Scotland, and particularly materials uje-ful for manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the ufe of Juch manufactures, free of cuftoms and excifcy and all other publick burdens j andy m order to prevent all queftions and debates in relation to t the faid privileges and immunitiesy the lords of bis Majefty s exchequer and privy council in Scotland, were, by certain of the faid aClSy

H h 4	autbo	•

Digitized by Google

Anno viceGmo quarto Georgii III, C-7* [i 7S4*

authorized to enquire and declare what manufallories already %otrt, or thereafter Jhould be duly qualified to enjoy theTenefit of the privileges and immunities, by the faiJ alts befiowed; ana whereas, tender the encouragements held forth by the faid alls of parliament, tue* manufallories were erellcd in Glafgow, the'one, in the year one ibeur fand fix hundred and feventy four,for making of foap, and the ether% in the year, one thoujand fix hundred and ninety fix, for the making of ropes and cordage, the proprietors of each of which manufactories did obtain from the lords of the exebequ r, or privy council of Scot-land, an order or all declaring their rejpetlive works to be duly Qualified in terms of the Jlatutes in that behalf, and which manufalt tries % fo efiablifhed and approven, have been continucdly carried on futce the rejpetlive times of their erellion, and do now, by courfe of regular fucceffions and conveyances, belong to the following perfons\ videlicet. The firJl-mentioned manu falltry, for making of foap, to fir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd, John Max-"vrell, and John Craig, by way of copartnery, known by the appellation of The Soap Work Company of Glafgow, and tranfaCtiug bufmefs under the firm of Robert Craufurd and. Company ; and the other manufallory, for making of' ropes and cordage, to James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Crofs, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmorejunior* James Sommerville, Robert Craufurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Gemmill, John Craufurd, Jame? Scott, and William Semple, alfo by way of copartnery, known by the appellation of The Rope Work Company of Glafgow, and tranjalling bufmefs under the firm of James Corbet and Company : and whereas, by the fixtb article'of the treaty of unions fettled and agteed upon in the fifth year of the reign of her late jefiy §)ueen. Anne, between the two kingdoms ^England and Scotland, provifion is made in the terms following; videlicet, “ That “ all parts of the united kingdom, for ever, from and after the union*

4C /ball have the fame allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks,

“ and be under the fame prohibitions, refir ill ions, and regulations of “ trade, and liable to the fame cufioms and duties on import and ex-li port; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, cc prohibitions, reflrilllons, and regulations of trade, and the cufioms “ and duties on import and export fettled in England when the union “ commences, Jhall, from and after the union, take place throughout 11 the whole united kingdom, excepting and refer ving the duties upon “ export and import offuch particular commodities, from which any <c perfons, the fubjetts of either kingdom, are fpeciaUy liberated and 44 exempted by their private rights, which, after the union, are to c< remain fafe and entire to them in all refpells as before the fame I9 and whereas, upon the commencement of the faid union, doubts and difputes did arife between the officers of her Majefiys cufioms and the proprietors of the faid foap and rope works, who claimed the privilege of importing materials for their refpellive manufactories, free of duties, as a private right, confiitutcd by the alls of parliament and alls of exchequer and privy council before-mentioned, and as futb, raved by the exception in favour of private rights contained in the

aforefaii

Digitized by GiOOQie

445

784*} Anno ylcefimo quarto Georgii III. C. 7.

foufaid fixth article of the Jaid treaty of union; to which claim tha (peers of the revenue objected, that the exemption from duties, given y the aft* of parliament, and exchequer and privy council of Scot-and, Was not in the nature of a private rights but of a publick cn-ouragement to trade, and as fuch was determined and at an end by he treaty of union; in refpeCi to which difputes9 it was agreed upon% r/ an interim expedient, tnat the proprietors of the aforefaid manu-aftories Jhould grant bonds for the duties of the materials to be imported by them> with condition to pay the fame9 in cafe the parlia-nent of Great Britain, or court of exchequer in Scotland, jhould adjudge the faid materials liable to the payment of duties \ which agree-nent of taking fuch conditional bonds as aforefaid was, for fome time, arried into execution, until the commiffioners of the cpfloms at Edinburgh gave orders for letyingjbe duties upon all fuch materials imported for the ufe of the faid manufactories as were by law chargeable vitb duties upon being imported for other purpofes; whereupon the Proprietors of the faid manufactories paid the duties accordingly, but •aider proteji, that the right of exemption claimed by them Jhould not !hereby be hurt, nor themfelves precluded from reclaiming fuch duties is already bad been9 or afterwards jhould be9 paid by them j and for \ringing the right of exemption fo claimed by them to trial9 the proprietors of the Jaid rope work did9fome time fmce9 caufe injlitute an idion in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Juit of the faid fames Corbet, one of the faid proprietors and ojfignee of the ref of hofe proprietors, againjl Edward Burrow collector of the cujloms at 'he port of Port Glafgow, and John Clerk then the deputy of the raid Edward Burrow, at the member port of Greenock, for that hey bad9 againjl right, rejufed to repay duties levied by them on cer-1ain materials imported for the ufe of the Jaid rope work j in the :ourfe of the proceedings of which aCiion a fpecial verdict was agreed ipon and fettled by the parties, and returned by a jury9 upon which verdict counfel were beard by the lord thief baron, ‘and other three Aarons of the faid court, and the judges being equally divided in their pinion9 the quefiion remains hitherto undetermined; fince the time of vhiih hearing9 certain propoftions have been offered by the proprietors f both the Jaid works9 for accommodating the matter in difpute: ind whereas the claim of exemption made by the proprietors of the raid manufactories would9 on the one hand9 if eflablijhed9 be very Prejudicial to the publick interejl9 being capable to be exerctfed in an inlimited extent with refpeCl to the commodities which are the fubjed hereof to the great diminution of the revenue9 and the breach of fhat equality in trade which ought to have place in all parts of toe inited kingdom: and whereas by means of the aforefaid treaty of mion9 and the doubts and difputes thereupon arifing in relation to the 'ight of exemption claimed as aforefaid9 as well as by reafon of the Proceedings confequeht upon fuch doubts and difputes, the proprietors f the faid rope and foap works9 who9 in firm reliance of the publick raith of the kingdom, had laid out and employed a confiderable fum of noney towards carrying oh the faid works, have9 on the other band9 Offered confiderable lofs and inconveniency9 the exemption from the Payment of duties enjoyed by them under the aCls of the parliament of

Scotland9

Digitized by

Google

/

44®

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRgii III. c. 7.	[1784.

Scotland, having, by the aforefaid means, been abridged or inter-rupted, and much expence incurred by law Juits and otherwise: ad whereas in a cafe fo circumjlanced it is reafonable and juft that font compenfation fhould be made to the /aid proprietors for the private i$k they have fuffered in conjequence of the jaid treaty of union, a tranf aftion calculated for national advantages: and whereas it is at tbt fahte time expedient to remove all fuch doubts and difputes as cfm• faid in future ; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod excel-lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent pariia-Aflexemp- ment aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That all tions hom the &nd every the exemption or exemptions from the payment of ^ty^dpon the any cu^om^ fiibfidy, import, or other duty, upon the importation importation of any goods or commodities whatfoever, for the ufeof any fort ©f goods, of manufacture whatfoever, which was or were granted by the granted by the a$s 0f the parliament of Scotland, Or the aCts of the exchequer Scotland”^ privy counc*l that kingdom, herein generally or para-ter mined* by* culariy before mentioned, or any of them, (hall, in all cafes the union. whatever, be deemed and taken to have been intended, not as a private right in favour of any perfon or perfons, companies, or bodies politick whatever, but as a publick encouragement to trade, limitable by the parliament of Scotland, and determined by the treaty of union concluded between thefe kingdoms, and for thefeveral reafons and caufes herein-before mentioned.	v

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, The condi- That all and every the conditional bonds before-mentioned, tional bonds which were from time to time heretofore granted by the pro-

honed Urant- Pr*etors	^	foap	an<* roPc works refpe&ivelv, for the

cd by the pro- duties of materials imported by them for the ufe of their re-prietorsof the fpeOive manufactories, (hall and maybe cancelled and given foap and rope Up# free from the payment, to his Majefty, his heirs or.fuccef-onceliecT ^ ^ors’	cu^oms	an(^	duties	f°r	which	the faid bonds were

granted; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to caufe cancel and deliver up the faid bonds accordingly, when thereto required: $ums to be and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are paid to the alfo hereby impovvered and required to caufe to be paid, one cf proprietor in any of the publick duties and revenues under their inanage-of thefrtoft* mcnt, unto the faid fir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, by the deter- Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, or the ftir-nnnation of vivors or furvivor of them, by the firm aforefaid, for the ufeof the aforefaid the proprietors of the faid foap work, in confideration of their exemptions. jufs an(j <jamages by reafon Qf the premifes, the fum of two thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain, and that by two yearly inftallments of one thou&nd one hundred and twenty-five pounds each; and alfo by the like two yearly inftallments, to caufe to be paid, out of the (aid revenues, unto the faid James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Crofs, Hugh JVyllie, Thomas

Dun ms?:.

Digitized by CjOOQle

447

1784-] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. ff.

Dunmore, Robert Dunmore junior, James Sommervil/e, Robert Craufutdi George Kippen% Thomas Connelly James Gemmilly John Craufurdy James Scotty and William Sempler or the furvivors or furvivor of them, under the aforefaid firm, for the ufe of the proprietors of the aforefaid rope work, the like fum of two thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds of like money, in confederation of their lofs and damages by reafon of the premifes; the firft of which payments for each company is to be made upon the twenty-fifth day oI December9 in the year one thou* fand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the next payment upon the twenty-fifth day pi December thereafterand when the faid feveral fums of two thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds, and two thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds, fhaJl be thus completely fatisfied and paid, all claims of exemption, and other claims whatfoever in relation thereto, fet up by the proprietors of the faid foap and rope works, or either of them, in manner aforefaid, (hall for ever ceafe and be extinguilhed.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for ejlablijbing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the pcjl between Great Britain and Ireland.

WHEREAS by an afty made in the twenty-fourth year of Preamble* the reign of his prefent Majejlyy intituledy An a£t for efta- Recital of blifliing certain regulations concerning the portage and convey- c. 6. of laft ance erf letters and packets by the poll between Great Britain fcffion* and lrelandy it is enabled, Tbaty immediately from and after the ejhblijbment of a general pofl office in Ireland by the authority of the parliament of that kingdom^ fo much of an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiyy intituledy An ad for preventing 4 Geo. 3,0.14. frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, as relates to letters and packets pajfwg by the pojly free from the duty of pojiage y from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,

Jhall be repealed: and whereas certain perfons whoy by virtue of their refpeftive offices in Great Britain and Ireland, now fend and receive letters and packets which relate to the bufmefs of their refpeftive officesy free from the duty of pojlagey from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, willy by the faid recited aft of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majejly's reigny upon the eftablijh-merit of a general pojl office in Ireland, be deprived from fending and receiving letters and packets freefrom the duty ofpojiage: and whereas the publick buflnefs makes it expedient that Juch letters and packets jhould pajs free oj pojiage from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Great Britain ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the eftablifliment of a Certain ofli-

gcneral poll office in Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful to and cers in Great

V	for	Britain and

Digitized by vjOO^IC

448	Anno	vlcefimo	quarto Georgii III. c. 9,10. [1784.

Ireland allow- for certain perfons who, by virtue of their refpedive offices in rtc^veletterf Great Britain and Ireland, fend and receive letters and packet*, &c. to and * free from the duty of portage, under the faid recited adt of the from Great fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or under any other Britain and ad or ads paffed fince the parting of the faid ad, 3nd for h*s from"the Bri- Majefty’s poftmafter general of the kingdom of Ireland, the (c-tilh poft office c*,ctary of the general port office of Ireland, and the furveyors dutys	of the faid general poft office, and for the under fecretary and

firft clerk for the military department of the office of the chief fecrctary of the lieutenant general or other chief governor or governors of the faid kingdom, all for the time being, to fend and receive, by the poft, letters and packets from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Grut Britain, free from the duty of portage for and on account of Provided fuch poft office of Great Britain; provided that all fuch letters letters are cer- and packets fo fent (hall relate to the bufinefs of their refpe&ivc tified to be on offices, and that there (hall be certified, on the outfide of fuch hu Majefty’t letters and packets, under the hand writing of fuch officers re-leivicc, &c# fpedively, to be on his Majefty-s fervice 5 and that fuch letters and packets fhall be fealed with the feal of the office or officer fending the fame: and in cafe any fuch officers (hall receive, under cover to them, any letters or packets intended for or directed to other perfons, all fuch officers are hereby authorifed and required to fend the fame to the general poft office in Lon* don or Dublin, in order that fuch letters and packets may be charged with the duty of portage; it being the true intent and meaning of this ad, that the privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets by fuch officers (hall extend to fuch letters and packets only as relate to the bufinefs of their refpediv; offices,	}f

CAP. IX.

An ad to authorife the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties on certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions tberdi mentioned.

Ad of *3 Geo. 3. c. 1. recited; and that certain quantities ofcors asd barley bad been imported into Scotland after the time limited by theafr Commiflioners of the cuftoms to order the low duties, imports of 5 per cent, and 5 per cent, on the (aid duty to be taken for the before roes-tioned parcels of corn and barley \ and upon payment thereof, tbeboidi for the high duties to be cancelled.

CAP. X.

An ad for railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities sad fer eftablifhing a lottery.

6,000,oool. to be raifed by annuities, and 360,0001. by afbttery. tributors to the fum of 6,000,oool. for every icol. to be emitted tonus* ities of fool, each at 3 percent. 50I. at 4. per cent, redeemable by 1 lament, and an annuity of 5s. 6d. for 75 years and an half, from July $, 1784, and then to ceafej which (hall be charged upon a fund to be

eftablilbed

Digitized by

Google

449

1784 ] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11.

eftaWilhfid this fefiion, and collatterally on the finking fund. Every con* tributor’of i,oool. (hall; upon payment of 60I. more, be intitled to fix lottery tickets. The faid annuities of 3 per cent, and 5s. 6d. (hall be paid July 5, and January 5, yearly, and the 4 per cent. April 5, and October 10. Annuities tax-free. Annuities charged on the fund to be eftabliflied for the payment thereof, and to be deemed perfona! eftate* Perfons poflefled of ftock may devife the fame by will, &c. The 3 per cent, annuities granted by this alt, (hall be added to the 3 per cent, con-fois, transferable at the bank. The 4 per cent, annuities granted by this ad, (hall be added to the fame fund as the 4 per cents, granted by the lottery ads of 10, 21,12, and 23 Geo. 2. The annuities of 58. fid. per annum for 75 years and fix months, to be added to the confolidated long annuities of 1, a, 4,20, 22, and 23 Geo. 3.} but to be paid out of the fund to be eftabliftied this fefiion. 360,0001. to be railed by a lottery 5 the prices whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this fefiion. The number of the fortunate tickets are 12,000; 2 of ao,oool. 2 of 10,0001. 2 of 5,0001. 4 of 2|Ooo 1. 10 of 1,0001. 20 of 500I. 110 of 100I. *00 of 50I. 11,650’of sol.; 500I. to each firft-drawA ticket of the firft fix days} i*oool. to ditto the 13th day; 1,000). to ditto the 16th day; s,oool. to ditto the 19th day; i,oool. to ditto the laft.drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 21, 1784. Forging tickets, Sec. a capital felony. Offenders (not in prifon) difcovering perfons guilty to receive a pardon, and 501, reward. Provifo, no attainder to make corruption of blood, &c. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets for fuch fums to be delivered into the exchequer. The 360,000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, tb be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion j and (hall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction, oil March i, 1785, Sec. with other daufes as ufual.

CAP. XI.

An aft for hying additional duties upon all candles, (except wax and fpermacett candles)> and for more effeflually fecuring the duties upon candles.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s rood dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the Preamble* commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties upon candies herein-after mentioned, and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by fhe authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day f?™ the*fol-of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, there lowing addi-fhall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, to and for the ufe tional duties of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for and upon all can- jj? ** to dies, (except wax and fpermaceti candles), which at any time	yi

or times (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of	9

Great Britain^ or made within the fame, over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, duties of excife, or other duties already impofed thereupon, by any adt or adts of parliament, the further duties herein-after mentioned; that is to fay;

For

Digitized by v^ooQle

45®

For at! candles imported, (except wax and fpermaceti), one halfpenny per pound $

and for all candtes made in Great Britain , (except as above), one halfpenny per pound.

Anno vicefimo quarto GBoltGii til. c. i r. [1784.

For all candles whatfoever, (except wax and fpermaceti candles), which (hall be fo imported, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; the faid duties for and upon all imported handles, (except wax and fpermaceti candles), to be paid down jn ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the fame:

And there fhall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, for and upon all candles, (except wax and fpermaceti candles), which at any time or times (hall bd made within the kingdom of Great Bri-tain, the further duties herein-after mentioned; that is to fay;

For all candles whatfoever (except wax and fpermaceti candles) which (hall be fo made in Great Britain, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; the faid duties for the faid candles fo to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the makers thereof refpedtively.

And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tfiat wovcred^c ^evcra* anc* refpedtive duties by this aft impofed for and in the fame * upon all candles imported or made as aforefaid, and all arfear-manneras the ages thereof, (hall and may, from time to time, be raifed, reformer duties* ceived, levied, recovered, and fecured, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch management, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch other powers, and fubjedt to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and m fuch methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an adt of the eighth year, and by another adt of the ninth year of the reign of our late fovereign Queen Anney whereby certain duties are laid upon candles, towards railing her faid late Majefty’s fupplies for theyears one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, are by thofe ads, or by any other law or ftatute thereby referred unto, or fince made, to be raifed, received, levied, fecured, or re-. covered ; and that the faid adts of the eighth and ninth years acts o7 s and l^e re*6n °f Queen Anne, and all the claufes, penalties, fbr-9 AAne, &c. feitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and to be in force things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or fince *7Q cna<^ec*> f°r the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, of this act. paying, or accounting for the faid duties upon candles thereby granted, or any arrearages of the fame, are and (hall be by force of this act continued, pradtifed, and put in execution, for raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, and accounting for the duties upon candles by this adt granted, and making allowances out of the fame, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at large recited in this prefent ad.

All (lock m III. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-1 to be That for all candles (except wax and fpermaceti candles)

Digitized by

Google

1784.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III* c. 11.	451

which any tallow-chandler or other fellers or dealers in candles liable to the ia Great Britain, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him, her,,1CW or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, (hall be poffeffed of or J interefted in, upon the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, for fale, there (hail be yielded and paid to his faid Majefty (over and above .the duties before ' this time impofed thereupon) the like rates as are, by this a<5t to be paid for candles to be made after the faid firft day of Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four; and that all the directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, rules, and claufes Whatfoever, contained in the faid a&s of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, relating to the ftock of candles, which was in the hands of any chandlers, or other fellers of, or dealers in candles, or of others in truft for them, or for their ufe, upon the firft day of May9 one thoufand feven hundred and ten, or the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, refpedively, fhall, by force of this a&, be exercifed, pradtifed, and put in execution, for ascertaining, fecuring, charging, levying, recovering, and paying, the rates by this a<51 impofed upon the ftock of candles which (hall be in tne hands of any fuch perfons as aforefald, upon the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and for making allowances and drawbacks in refpedt thereof.

IV.	Ani whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ani eighty-four, by chandlers or other dealers tn candles, for fervtng publick offices, facieties, or other perfons, with candles, to be delivered at a time af- Dealers who ter the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and bavecontraft-eightyfour, it is hereby enacted. That the perfons ferving fuch candlesVfter candles, after tfie faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven Aug. 1,1724, hundred and eighty-four, in purfuance of fuch former cop-may add the tracts, (hall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon n*w d?tics fuch candles to the price thereof, and (hall be intitled by virtue Jh«£o£C

of this aCt to be paid for the fame accordingly.

V.	Provided always, That this adt fhall not extend to charge Small rufli the duties on candles, herein-before mentioned, on fuch fmali lighht8£m?de rufh lights as fhall be made by any perfon or perfons, to be "iff f0rCpri* ufed in his, her, or their own houfes only, fo as fuch fmali rufh vate ufe, net lights be only once dipped in or once drawn through greafe or liable to new kitchen fluff, and not at all through any tallow melted or duties, refined; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The new da-That the duties by this a<5fc impofed upon candles imported, tieioncandle* (hall be fubjeCl and liable to the additional duties or impofts j^^bjcC^to of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, feve- the additional rally impofed by the aCts refpe&ively made in the nineteenth 5 per cents, and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, ontbepro-upon the produce and amount thereof; and that fuch additional

duties or impofts of five pound* per centum, and five pounds qCq. c/tJ9

per

Digitized by LrOOQle

** Geo, J- c. 66.

19 Geo. s*

c. ia.

Excife officers im powered, after Aug. 1, 17I4, to enter the houfei, Ac. of candle-makers, and to take an account of their (lock, by day or by night.

Penalty on obftruCting officers.

Recital of n Geo. x. c. 30.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III, a t 1.; l*jh± per centum% (hall be raifed9 levied, colled ed, and {md, ia ihc (ame manner, and under the fame rules* and regulator powers, and authorities, ways, means, and methods, v?** the (aid additional duties or impofts are by the faid a&g ^ jfa nineteenth and twenty-fecond years of his pretest Majcfly\ reign direded to be colle&ed and paid*

VII.	And whereas great frauds upon the revenue are of mi ffc i

by the fecret making of candles, without paying the duties for xi* famcy which mighty in a great meafure, be prevented if the officer of excife who furvey the makers of candles were authorifed to emir the workboufeSy and other places of fuch makers of caudles, by might as well as by dayy and to take an account of the candles tbereme&m, without waiting for the prefence of a conftable or peace officert im iske manner as officers are authorifed to enter the workhoufes of the maker: of glafsy by an ail made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the fccondy intituled, An ad for granting;.to his Adfjt feveral rates and duties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous liquors; and for railing a certain fum of money by annuities and at Jittery, to be charged on the faid rates and dutiesj and fpr orating fome doubts fbout making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the, credit of the fait, dune*, granted and continued to his Majefty by an ad of the. la$T^ef fion of parliament; be it further enaded by the autfjgf&v aforefaid. That all and every the officers of excife (hap at^ll times, by day or by night, be permitted, upon his or th^irrf-queft, to enter into the houfe, melting-houfe, warehoujfc, or other place whatfoever, belonging to or ufed by any perlons, -who, after the faid firft day of Augufly one thou^nd (even hundred and eighty-four, (hall be a maker or mal^fei?4>t any candles whatfoever, and by weighing or tale of thexafKfigt, or otherwife, as to fuch officer fhali Teem mod proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which (haU have been made by fuch maker or makers of candles from jime to time, in like manner as fuch officers may now do in the claytime.	-	.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any maker or

makers of candles (hall obftrud or hinder any of the (aid officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other ad, for the afcertaining or fecuring the faid duties upon candles, the perfon on perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.	x

IX.	And wkereasy by an ail made in the eleventh year ofjjp reign of his majejly King George the firjly (inlituledy An 3d far more effedual preventing frauds and abules in the pubfic^ revenues ; for preventing frauds in the fait duties, and for giving relief for fait ufed in the curing of falmon and cod-fUh, m thc year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the jo* furance companies to plead the general iflue in adions brought againft them 3 and for fecuring the (lamp duties upon

'	'	of

1784*] ' Anno vicertnio qiiarto (jEOltari itl. fc.ii;	453

of ihfcinmce;) it way enabled, That if any chandler, or makTr of tattdlks fir /ale, Jbould begin to work upon, dip, or make tiny eourfe or mating of candles, not being mould candles, or, in order thereto, fhonfd make any of the preparations therein mentioned\ without firft mating and delivering, or caufing to be made and delivered, to the officer or officers under wbofc furvey fuch chandler or maker of candles for file Jhould be, fitch declaration in writing of his, her, or their intentions to make fuch eourfe or making of candles, as in the /aid add ir mentioned: and whereas the faid exception of mould candles has been found inconvenient, and has afforded opportunities for the committing of frauds On the tevenue, by the fecret making of mould candles with-out paying the duties for the fame; be it further ena&ed, That if, From Aflg. H from and after the'find firft day of Auguffi one thoufand feven *7*4^ every hundred and eighty-four, any chandler or maker of candles fhall begirt to work upon, or make any eourfe or making of triould begin a eourfe candles, or, in order thereto, (hall make any of the prepafa- of mould tkms in the faid a6t mentioned, wltHout firft making arid deli- candles, or veHng, or caufing to be made and delivered* to the officer or ffo?the officers under whole furvey fuch chandler Or maker of candles without fhall be, a declaration in writing of his, her, ot their intention delivering a to make fuch eourfe or making of mould candles, and of the written decU. particular hour or time of the day or night when fuch eourfe or r^Vofficer making is intended to be begun, and of the true number artd of fuch his^iu fct of the moulds he, (lie, or they intend to fill and draw, and Wtio$, Gull alfo of tilt number of times he, (he, or they intend to fill and'forfeit 50U draw the fame in each making or codrfc; every fuch chandler or maker of candles, On every failure or default in all or any of the particulars before mentioned, or having in or at fuch making or eourfe more br larger moulds or candles than (hall be mentioned itl fuch declaration, or filling or drawing the faid moulds a greater number of times than (hall be mentioned in thte faid declaration, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds; and if, after fuch declaration fd made as aforefaid, luch making or eourfe of candles (hall not be begun and proceeded upon at the hour and tilne mentioned in fuch declaration, or in three hours next after fuch hour and time, then every fuch declaration (hall be, arid is hereby de* dared to be* null and void.

X.	And whereas, by the ftatutes now ih forte for hnpo/ing die ties itpon all dandles made in Great Britain, the commijfioners of excife\ or other ptrfons by them refptftively appointed for that purpofe, are tatohorized to Compound ahd agree with fuch per fins as /halt make ttiniles, not to fell or to make any profit thereof, but to be confumed uin their own private htmfes only, at a certain rati or payment for every head which, at any time or tikies during the continuance Of fueb Xompefition, fhall be of the family of fuch p'erfons refpefiively, as in end by the faid ftatutes is particularly direfted and required: and ivb treat gnat frauds have been± and bre noib frequently pr a Hi fed by means of fuch compofitions, and great quantities of candles have been privately difpofed of and fold by fuch compounders, to the maniftft trt~ t Jury of the revenue and :tbe fair trader \ for remedy thereof, belt Vo*. XXXIV.	I	i	further

Digitized by Google

4*>4	Anno	vicrGrno	quarto	GiiifcefM'Hti	tf.ifr,

From Aug. i, further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, ffoift aUltaftflb 1784, commif- the £aid firff jay 6fJuguffione thoufandfevea huhdrtrf 'M£ cife,e&c°n«* 4'ghty-four, all the powers and authorities^ to the •comarfffSoftk. to compound er* or excife or other perfons by ail or any of tfre faid a&sjnteiffc with any per- to compound and agree with any perfon or perfphs fodI«fo( fon* for mak- tics on candles by any fuch perfons made or to be ittadts, Aim in* candies ceafe an(j determine} any thing in any of the faidftatutes, of* either of them, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftm<fetgr;i* XI. And it is hereby further ena&ed' by the authority wore-faid. That all and every perfon or perfons who hath or bate-already made compofition or agreement for the duties on candles by them refpe&ively made, or to be made, fhall, on or tecfete the tenth day of Auguftt one thoufand feven hundied and eighty-four, make true and particular entries of alt fuch candles' -a* they, or $my of them, or any other perfon or perfons- in draft for them* or any of them, were pofleffed of, on the firft day-df

ing candles for private life.

All compounders Shall, on or before Aug.

JO, S7S4,

make entries of all fucb candles hi

pofled of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, at tffe on Aug. 1, on office of excife, within the limits of which they (hall rcfpcflivOy forfeiture of inhabit, upon paid of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, atid alfo all the candles of which no fuch entry (hall be thadeV Scsd

501. and the unentered candles* and, within fix days after fhall pay the duties, &C.

within fix da vs after he} (he, or they (hall have made, or ought to hare made, fuch entry as aforefaid, (hall pay down for The faid candles the feveral duties chargeable upon candles^o?,0 -in default thereof, (hall forfeit and lofe double the value of tfce ffid candles; and that the houfes, out-houfes, and bthe^jfliweiSfc-longing to fuch compounders, from and after the faidfifft nay of Augu/it one thoufand feven hundred and eightyifoifi^ (fyall and are hereby made liable to the furrey of the officerj fcy^be duties on candles, in the fame manner, and undefjHe'^finM rules, and under the fame fines and penalties foi^ tWhiMyl as perfons making candles for fale are liable.

XII. And whereas if may have happened that, •powers by the faid before recited

by the eommifftoners of excife for that ^May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, renewed competitions,	and	f he plenty payable for the fame may bam

been received by fuch officers now, to prevent all confufion, be it enatfted by the authorityaforefeid, That all fuch'xotii petitions as fhall have been fo msuie, renewed, or agteed-tt^be made, *c- a*er£ia,y after the firft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred end ‘ eighty-four, (hall be, and are hereby declared hmf^(M\»ds and all fuch fums of money as (hall have been recelVpcTlqr the faid officers, from the perfons fo making or renewing tattr pofitions as-aforefaid, fhall, and the lame are berebjy’t^dfted and required to be returned to the perfon and peMbmfdtw* tively who fhall have paid the fame; any thmg; former a Its to the contrary in any-wife notwithftandiig-. •i:a Penalties and Kill* And be it further enacted by the amhcnify'atforduid, forfeitures That all finks, penalties, and forfeitures, mteTatidi^ttrAi^nd to,be/J* duties upon candies, (hall be fued for, levied, todtireetkroe^ torfed. Qx “it'gatedj by fue*i ways, means, and methods, os^tnyioc,

•	penalty.

All compofr

tlons made, See. after Ml,

It *7*4f be void, and the money returned fb the com-pounders.

Digitized by kjOOQle

Ah«i vittfimeiqauto^EoaGiJ IH. c, u.	4|£

ftoaktf, jpcforfsimflc, «or may be recovered or mitigated by •fflr low •«r laws of cxcifc, or byodtion of debt, -bill, plaint, or JHWWafttiQp, in any of his Mtojefty’s courts of record at Wtfi-JffMufrr,orit) the court of exchequer in	reipedtivclyf

jy»« -that one moiety-of every fuch fine, penalty, or .forfeiture, jRmII bo to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other ^aoiety to him or them who ihall diicover, inform, or fue for the font,

.•> 3Tjv. And be k further enadted fw the authority aforefaid,

That all the monies arifing by the faid additional duties by thie Duties to be impofed upon candies fthe neceflary charges of raifing and ac- P1^into th* ^counting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid excb*9UCT* Jftto cby receipt of hisMajefty’s exchequer at	fepa-

rate and apart from all other duties^ and the faid money fo paid How to be •into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund **’? *'* for the payment of th$ federal annuities, and all fuch other changes and expenoes, as are directed to be paid and payable purfca nt to an aof this prefent feflion of parliament, (inti-, tuied, An aft fir raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities i t&dfer ajlablijhing a lottery).

:	XVT.	And be it further enadtd by the authority aforeCaid,

^That if &ny a&ion, Am* or profecution, (hall be brought or Limitation of r wwmenoed -agfunft any perfon or perfons for any thing dfone in aa*>n#* pursuance of this fuch atf ion, fuitr or profccution, (hall be %

Vought or commenced within three months next,after the thing ^ . V)dont, ^nd (hall be laid in the proper county * and the defendant {.pfj defendants may plead the general iffue, and give this a<£t and General MW 0.fjWibccial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon;

^jupd if a ycrdi& pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their a<5tion, fuit, or profecution, or judgement be given s^ga^^focb plaintiff or plaintiffs, then fuch defendant or de-

(ball have treble cods awarded to him* her, or them, Treble ooA* vpgaipft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIL

^ ■- : ; - ’ ’

:*

;i ^

iwXU'tifi (tenable tbi governor and company of the bank of Scotland 4sbr. - farther to entreafe tbe capitalflock if the faidcompany*

.	E R E A S by an aft of tie parliament of Scotland* made Preamble#

. in tbe year one thoafand fix hundred and ninety five, intituled, : for eroding a bank in Scotland, a joint focky amounting to Recital of an ^{tie.fimtf twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots money was allowed °(the

fajfid bythe company thereby ejlablijhed for carrying on andean-,	*

public k bank; and certain perfons therein mentioned were authored to appoint a book for receiving tbffubjcriptions of fuch per-,t>ufins annexe willing to become adventurers in. thefaid pint flock: tit /aid aS it. was dtchrtd, That ent v.'jbtMbttbt lawefi, andtvnnty tboujend pounds Scots tbt bi^he0 , Jim. v/bith mg i*]** JbouU. bmllmtd to fttbfcribt : ead\	:•

~ "	 Xi	2	'	'	"	.*3

r

456	Anno	vicefimo quarto Georgii IIL c. i4.: [1784*

aft it was alfo declared* That all and everytie per fins,fubfcntbfig and paying to the /aid Jlock as aforefaid* Jbotdd be one bodypolau£ and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Compaayrtfthc Bank of Scotland; under which name they. Jhould have* perpetual fucceffion, and Jhould have a common feal: and by the /aid aft U way direfted, That, within three months after the aforefaid fubfcrjplwu Jhould be ended, the perfons in, the /aid aft narptd, or any Uuoef them, Jhould appoint a certain day, and make due intimation, of tba v fame, that fuch and fo many of the adventurers, and none ofher^ as Jhould each of them have fubferibed for one thoufand pounds or up~ wards in the faid book of the joint flock, might eleft and ebufit, by * majority of votes, which were to be given, one vote for every pop* 1thoufand pounds Jbare of the flock, afit perfon of the fubferibery %ub* had fubferibed for himfelf at leafl fir eight thoufand pounds, tob* governor of the faid bank; and another fit perfon of the fubferibery who fhoulf have fubferibed forbimfelf at leaf for fix thoufand pounds* to be deputy governor of toe faid bank; and alfo twenty four other fit perfons, who Jhould have fubferibed each of them for huufelf at leaf) for three thoufand pounds in the faid joint flock, to be direftorp of the Jaid bank: and certain other rules and regulations were thereby preferibed, for the better managing and' ordering the affairs of the faid bank; and, in purfuanco of the aforefaid aft, the faid bank wen foon after eflablifbed, and has ever fmee continued: and wbereas,by an aft of the parliament of Great Britain, faffed in the fourteenth Art 14 Geo. year'of bis prefent Majcfiys reign, intituled. An aft to .enable the 3; c. 31. re. governor and company of the bank of Scotland to encreafe^he capital flock of the faid company, it was enpfted'. That within one month after the paffing of thefaid aft, or as foon after as might J<» the court of ordinary direftors of the faid bank Jhould appoint * bpoi ,to be, opened and kept at the office of the faid bank of Scotland, far receiving fubferiptions for an additional capital or joint Jlock, U tie extent of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or one hundred thoufand pounds fierling money, and no more; in which book every perfon or perfons poffieffied of a Jhare or fbares of the original capital flock of the Jaid bank ^Scotland Jhould be entitled to fubjeribe for as much of the faid new or additional Jlock as he, Jhe, or they Jhould be poffieffied of, of the old or original ft ocl at the time of his, her, or their Jubfcribing, and no more, or for a leffier number of Jbares thenar of, iffuch per Jon or perfons Jhould fo think proper: and by lb* faid . aft it was further declared. That no proprietor Jhould hold mpre (bat* twenty fbares of the old flock, or more than forty fbares of tfur and new together: and it was alfo by the faid aft further declared* That after the additional capital Jhould be completed, no proprietor Jhould be elefted governor, unlefs be had, upon the original and JW* flock together, paid in the fum of fexteen thoufand pounds Scott 3 roar deputy governor, unlefs he had, upon the original and new flock togf* gether, paid in twelve thoufand pounds Scots; nor direftor% uylgfi he had, upon the original and new Jlock together, paid in fix thaujemd pounds Scots; and that from and after the faid period, no proprietor Jhould be intitled to give his vote in the tleftien of a governor, deputy governor} qr dir eft or, or in any queflfintn anyxgeneral meeting»tot*

Digitized by Google

17S4O Anno vioefimo quarto Georoii III. e. 1#;	45/

was nH pajfeffed of two thoufand pounds Scots of old or new foci, er oli and new flock together, and who had not actually paid th the filtd two tboufand pounds; and that every proprietor Jbould have a vote for eachtwo thoufand pounds which he had actually paid in : provtded akuaySy That no proprietor Jbould ever be intitled to more rban twenty votes: and certain other rules and regulations were by the find aft prefcribed, for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the find bank: and whereas it would greatly tend to the advancement of commerce, and be otherways highly beneficial and expedient, That the capital flock of the faid bank Jbould be flill further in-creafed, Jo as not to exceed in the whole the fum of three million fix hundred thoufand pounds Scots money, or three hundred thoujani pounds flerting: may it therefore pleafeyour Majefty that it may be eriaSed; and be it enafied by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affetnbjed, and by the authority of the fame. That within one A fubferip-month after the palling of this ad, eft* as foon after as may be,t,on t0 be tcourt of ordinary directors of the faid bank (hall appoint' a book to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank of additional Scotland, for receiving fubferiptions for an additional capital or capital of joint dock, to the extent of twelve hundred thoufand pounds 100,pool. Scots, or one hundred thoufand pounds fterling money, and no shore; in which book every perfon or j^rfons pofleffed of two proctors, or more (hares of the prefent capital ftock of the faid bank of *

Scotland, ihall be entitled to fubferibe for a proportional part of the faid new or additional ftock, correfponding to the (hares fo pofleffed by fuch perfon orperfons at the time of his, her, or their fubferibing, and no more; that is to fay. That each proprietor holding two (bares of the prefent capital ftock, (hall he Hititled to fubferibe for one (hare of the new additional ftock, qpd np more; and fo on, in proportion.

- II. And, in order that no perfon or perfons pojfejfed of flack in the faid bank of Scotland may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended them; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be Proprietors in the power of every proprietor of the prefent capital ftock of may fabfenbe the faid company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, Pr0*y* to authorife any other perfon he, (he, or they (hall think proper, to fpbfcribe for him, her, or them; and the fubfeription of the perfon fo authorifed (hall be equally effectual as if the proprietor yrho gives fuch authority.had lubfcribed, with his, her, or their bands.	*

c:HI. And be it further ena<5ted, That the privilege and pre- Time limited ferenee of fubferibing to the new or additional ftock hereby *9r iubfciip-given to the proprietors of the prefent capital ftock of the faid1101X4 bank, (hall be limited to three months from the time of opening the fubfeription book above mentioned; and after the expiration of the (aid term, in cafe any (hare or (hares of the faid rtew or additional flock (hall not have been fubferibed for, the faid fubfeription book (fyall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors called, upon fuch notice #1$ a court of ordinaiy

I i 3	directors

Digitized by GoogI<.

*5?

How <b*rts unfubfcribed for are to be

diipofoliU3

Gain on falea to be applied to the ule of the bank.

> *^bn<fcylcefi(PO q«Mtc> Gborgjl ill. g, 12.,, m

of/(hall tbiok fit* at whkh rocetmg the; not fubfcribed for, (h*U be &$d to the higpefr bidden, $tt fuak bidder be a pnoprwtor of thq prefent capital ftocji 1 faid bi*k, or be authorised and knpowered to.purchafci u perfon who is at proprietor of thpfeid<«apiui flock* by Wider hit, lw» or tbtirhands,	*

v JW And be it farther onaded, That iuvcafa auy prea^qijl or gain* b? received upon or by the faid falo or falcs,

(ball be applied for the benefit of thegovernoraod cxrtjipei^^

the bank of Scotland*

If the (hares are not all difpofed of, a fubfeription to be again

optnedl

General meeting of proprietors may call for new (lock to



V.	And be it further enabled, That if any fhace os^Jnjra of the new flock {hail not be fold at the faid general mustang jy proprietors* then, and in that eafe, the fubfeription booh fhall be immediately again opened; end it flail be ir\ the power f ny perfon to fubferibe for fuch a number of (hares as, be fh»l >choofe.

VI.	And be it furthef enabled, That it fhall and. may-Be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the faid proprietors to call for the whole or any part of the new or additional

iicwiiocitio ftoch to be fubferibed for, in manner above diredted, at Arch b*7ub(gribed times and in fuch proportions as they (hall think proper : pro-fey, • '	■	- vided always. That no fubferiber fhall be called upon to pfiy

‘' up more than his juft proportion of one hundred thou land pounds fteding, the amount of the. new flock correfponding to .-the ot^mber of (hares fubfcribed for by him ; but it fhall not be ’ in the power of any fubferiber to pay up either the whole m any part of the new additional flock, until the fame (hall he called , for by a- majority of a general meeting of proprietors.

Wo proprietor VIL And be it further eroded, That no fubferiber ofnew of new ftock flock (hall be entitled to draw any part of a dividend cithir to draw adi- Up0n his old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion, of calf ii paid in! any	(i>at	has	been	ordered	by a majority of agene-

•	‘	rai	meeting	of	proprietors;	and	each	fubferiber of new flock

failing to pay his proportion of fuch call, fhall be charged wip the legal interefl upon it until the fame be paid, and (hall hayc no vote at cle&ioas or general meetings while the fame rtynfihs unpaid. •	'	'	-.'-a

VIII. And it is hereby ena&ed, That a certificate under me hand of the accountant of the faid bank, certifying tfiataffll or calls have not been paid by any of the perforowjjo*

Court of fef-(ion to UTue lettf f* of

horning

affa?n<Kner - fubfcribed tbemfeWes to the faid new flock, or by any At

/•” f -I* »_ rvorfnnc V/\r uViAm snir Athnv nttv/Vin imnAtonm/i «e n^Arnf<a)A

&

font failing to perfons’for whom any other perfon impowered. as flfpreli pay in their fobferibed to the faid flock, fhall, when produced with tEiie'S^ to the court of fefflon, be'a fuf&dent warrant to the faid court for ifluing Tetters of horning againft fuch perfon or perfona ft* the call or calls unpaid by the** at (he mftanceor iiiie>nfcJhe treafurer of the faid bank,	'■

1IX. And be it further enadfcd. That, after the; new additional flock has-bce'n completely paid in> no proprietor,fh^Tp* eleded governor, unlefs he be poffdftdof twenty rfour tbmKMd pounds Swi", nor- deputy governor; unlefs' he be -pofiiflfit&irf ............. ■ ............................... ■

Qualification of govcrnorp

r$4*] Anno vicefimo quarto GioRGir TIE c. 13.	'	43)

ergnteen thoufand pounds ; nor director, unlefs h8bc pojf-tifta dFnhife thoufatfaf pbtfttds Scots bftb flock of tbe’faid go* _4 vcrttbr^ndeompany of the bank of Siotknd.

*‘ X. Andbeit farther enafled, That afterthe (aid new addi- QgaEfaation tiohal ftoek Has been completed in the manner above direfied,'own.

4ao proprietor dial! be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or direftors; or in any queftton firstoV general meeting, who is not poflbflfed of three thoufand ;*	'

ptmnat Scots of flock, and who has not actually paid in the nid three thonfand pounds Scots j atld that every proprietor (hall have a vote for each three thoufand pounds Scots which ho 3»*s aftnaHy paid in: provided always. That no proprietor (hall ?*ver be int(tied to more than twenty votes.

XI. And wbereasthnt fart of theaforefavd all of the parliament if Scotland which declared. That twenty thoufand pounds Scots Jbould be the hightjt Jhm which any one perfon be allowed to fubferibe j and that part of the aforefaid ether all of the fourteenth df his (rrfent Mojejly which provided, That no proprietor Jbould told'more than twenty Jhares of the old	or more than forty

Jiares of the old and new together, have been found by experience to >befrodulHve of no good	confluence,but on the tontrary, to be at-	.

tended with great inconvenience; be it therefore further enafted,

That thoie parts of the (aid two before mentioned afts be, and Reftri&ion In ' fhd fame are hereby repealed; and thar* in time to come, any t*jJ’/9rmer '^perfon.' or perfons may hold, in his, her, or their name, fuctr a repealed.

' putriberof (hares of flock as he, (he, or they, may choofe to MibltF dr acquire: provided'always, as above mentioned. That - tft/jirdprietbr (Hal) ever be intitfed to more than twenty Votes, either in the annutf'cledtioh of governor, deputy governor,

^a$\] djreftors, Or in any queftion whatever that may occur or . pi made the fubjefl of difeuflion at any general meeting of pro*

^priefars.

, 'XII.‘ And it r* hereby provided and declared, That the laid Former a£U the; parliament of Scotland in the year fixteen hundred confirmed, ‘iftfd'irfnery-fiv'e, excepting fo far as the fame is altered by the ' piS Other aft of the fourteent|i of his prefent Majefty; and alfo	y

' the ftid aft bf the fourteenth of his prefent Majefty, (hall re*

Oin full force in all points, excepting in fo far as the fame fcretf ty this aft. '	'

‘XfHi And, laftfy; be it enafted by the authority afarefeid, lat dtis aft (hall bf deemed a' publick aft; and (hall be judi- PubBck aftf alfy taken riotice of by all: judges; juftices, and outers jvhat*

Without IjpeciaHy pleadingthe' fame.

c a p, $mv

_	____ andenabling commiffioners farther to examine,

take, and (Tate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

ASa dfio6eo. 3. C-<4; ^rGeo. j. ci 455 ia Geo. j. c. <05 and a j Geo, h. li', ■ recrrtd. ltiomae1 AOgoiib efqnire, Arthur Piggott elquire, ixlidme* Msaye /dquire, -SaouM Beach* rott elquire, -George Drummond.

: ftybt*, and William Hoc elquire, comraifiionere appointed to examine

'	•	and.

4&> Anno .viapfimo quarto GBQBQUfUJ. e, r4^r6« P[ 178**'i

-And rtate the public!* accounts of the kingdom. Tbetrecuc«U0etp o^rq tinue in force, from ahd after July *», 1784.. No conmuflijpuFr.tp - civil office of profit during pleiiure ander his Majefty. Ahy twse rhecominiffioner* to he fworn before tht abaaceilor bf the eXi$&£>efv 7 .&c».at in former aft*. The fiid three opvnmiffioners to ediniiiffirr ^ tbe oath to the reft. Lords of the trealuiy may pay *,ooq|. 40 the «csfer rd of the cominiflioner*. To be employed tor the payment of clerks.

Other officers and in defraying all other charges in execution of the covterc t 10 the ad, to be appointed by tbree comnfiifttoncrs and accounteid for the exchequer, and to he tax free. Executofi of the accoaatttitt to St- J itend commiflioners* and execute their orders. Continuance of this aft lot j bncyear from July as, 1784, and no longer.

CAP. XIV.

,	_	'	a	a

An ad to enable tbe commiffionea of his Ma jetty's treasury t6 dhvtu * • pound a debt due to tbe crown from Francis Dixon efq ; deoeafad, and his lurerieii and for vetting his elUtes in truftees; and for otUer purr poles therein mentioned. * '	*'7'

CAP. XV.

An adt for the better relief and employment pf the poor belonging.to je-veral parities within the town of Shrew (bury and the liberties inercof, in the county of Salop.

t	.

cap. xvr.

An aft to difcontinue tbe petty cuflom on aliens goods imported into Great Biitain, and tbe duty of one per centum on goods exported , to~pr imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Jbips$

. etfta for repealing ft much of qn aft poffed in tbe fourth year of the reign of bit prejent Mqjejiy as enaft$9 that no part of the old fob-July flail be drawn back upon good{ exported $0 the Britifh tetanies or plantations in America.

Preamble.	X T7H E R E A S feveral duties and refriftions9 impofed by var'mw

VV efts of parliament upon mercbcuidize, are by {he alteration of the trade now carried on between this kingdom and foreign flaus\ m fome cafes become an unnecejfary burthen upon commerce* without .	producing	any	real	advantage	to the publick revenue; and it is expe*

dient that they Jh'ould not be any/ longer continued; may it therefore pleafe your Majeftv that it may be enaded» and be it crowded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the, adyfe? and confent pf lords fpiritual and temporal, apd commons* ■ in this prefent parliament aflembled, anq by the au&Wty^f From Aug. ' tbe fame. That, from and after the twentieth day Augufi^ *0,17*4* the one thoufand feven hpndred and eighty-four, -the. dflty

on aliens monty called The Petty CttJlom9 impofed by an a# rnade m the goods to ceafe. twelfth year of the reign of jung.Cfyarjqs the Second; intituled, I	Afubfsdy	granted	to	the	King	of tonage ana poundage, and otherfums

if money payable upon merchandize exported md. i&pfirjed, (ft Jty tJfe rules thereto annexed, and all other additional duties impofed by arjy a&. of parliament, upon the goods $f aliens,or(Upfitetf born, over and' abpve the duties pay^e \iy naturajrhofp JMf pits, except as hereinafter is provided, (ball peafe, icwmw*

Digitized by

Google

78*41}t ‘Anno v^efirho quarto Gborgii IH. e. 16.

nd4w na- longer paid or payable; any law, cuilom, or ufage, o itit contrary notwithftanding.

Il.j Proyided always, and it i6 herAy further enacted. That not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or njvtifealter the duties due and payable,by any adl of parlia-netrt, upon goods imported into, or exported front, this king* lo% ,nlo apy fqjrqigq (hip or yeffel, nor tQ the duties of pack-ige and tcauagcf} or any duties granted by charter to the mayor ind cdmmonalty and citizens of the city of London.

HI. Andyi the belter to prevent the faid mayor and common-ilty and citizens from being fraudulently injured, be it enafted by :heauthority aforefaid, That every merchant, or other, pafling any> goods, wares, or merchandizes, inwards or outwards, [hall by himfdf, or his known fervant, factor, or agent, fub* .cribe one or more bill or bills of entry, whether fuch goods are on alien, or Britijh account, and, if required, make oath of :he fame before the officer appointed to receive the faid duties, (who is authorized, by the charter granted to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, to adminifter the fame;) and no entry on alien account (hall be permitted by the officer of the cuftoms to pafs, or the goods to be delivered, unlefs the Ggnature or mark of the city’s colleftor, or his deputy, appears on the face of fuch warrant; and if any goods entered on Britffb account, which are (bona fids) aliens property, the merchant or others entering the fame (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty, pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or infotmation, in any of his Mayefty’s courts of record at Wejltninftir% in the name of the officer or colleftor appointed to receive the faid dues in behalf of the faid mayor and commonalty ?nd citizens; and the damages fo to be recovered (hall be pajd into the chamber of London, for the ufe of the faid mayp^and commonalty and citizens.

ly. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twentieth day of Avgufl, one thoofattd (evert hundred and eighty-four, no part of the duties, commonly called The Impcfi one thoufand /even hundred and [events-nine, and 7 he Impojl one thoufand [even hundred and eighty-twiy impofed by two afts of parliament made in the nineteenth *nd?fW«rtty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, for granting acl-dftfod ai d dries U|ton the produce of the feveral duties under the tnat^geifient of the refpeftive commjffioriers of the cuftoms and* excite in Great Britain, fo far as the fame hath been, or (haHMbm-piid or payable upon th$ aliens duty, chargeable for any goods imported into this kingdom, in any (hip or veflel, (half be* repaid, or drawn back,- upon the exportation of fuch -gfiod^'any thing io the faid recitpd aft, or any other aft, to thesfiootrary notwithftanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-Wd^ That from and aftjer the faid twentieth day of Augujl> pne thoufaftdtfeven hundred and eighty-four, the duty of one per Wtumf €nOHHQ|)ty c^il^d tys Mediterranean £>uty^ which, by ^	"	u	an

4*1

To what du« ties this aft (hall not extends

Regulations * relative to Us* export and import of merchandise*

No goods to be entered on

Britifh account which are aliens property, on penalty of 50W

From Aug# so, 1784, no part of the import 1779, nor of the import 178s, payable upon aliens duty, (hall be drawn back on fex-portation#

From Aug# so, 1784,the Mediterranean duty, granted by 13 and 14 Car. s9 cap. ii, (hall ceafc.

Digitized by

Google

40* Ann$r\atBm qtfortfr&WRVH Wf	^

an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean oftherq of king Charles the Second, intiodefl, An o3-.Jpr, i frauds, and regulating chufiu his cu/hms,vi _ ttporr goods exported from thh Nngdomico atwjort qr or the Mediterranean	Se,beyond the port ; of

ported front thence, to any. port of thn kingdom,, uv I or veilel which is not qualified as byithe (aid. a$ iff*1 and direfted, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no loqgfltj payable.	~	.	-q

From Aug. VI. And it is hereby further etiafted by the aq •?» P*rt faid, That from and after thefaid twentieth dayqfv ij^rttiriltl* thoufand fetch hundred and eighty-four, fo 3‘	*	of parliament made in the fourth year of his pi

intituled. An alt for grunting eertain duties iu tie. and plantations in America; for continuing, intending, audoyb perpetual, an alt poffed in the faith pear of the reign of huksn jefip King George the Secon( An aft for the btacri curing and encouraging the trade of his Majefty's fugarcck nies in America \) for applying the	effutb dmus, j

the duties to arijie by virtue ef the a£f, towards egfrw» expenses of definding, prtt, andftauring, theJhiictlma a plantationsfor explaining	made

the reign of King Charles the Steond, {intituled, oadfxd encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trade* and a the better fecuring the plantation trade;} ant for olttru[ n difallowing ftvetal drmohecis on experts mt. more effeltuady preventing	ctiweyapt

and from the faid cebnietani limitations, and	xim

trig the trade between the fame and Great Britain; at .oa® /That no part of the rate or duty, commpnly qUpl 'Old Subfidy,’(hall' be repaid or drawn backTor.»pj <t .	the growth, produftion, or manufafture

Eajl Indies, which (hall be exported from thiq j:iugaot^ro^ Britijh colony or plantation in America, (wirier, whipimm and muflins, only excepted,) fiull be, and. tepeStlfed and made void.	vsviisvs ic^

CAP. XVII. ■	-•■•c-?-	b	••

^Ln wSk for amending and rendering more etfe&oil ikiMUnSK tittf eighth year of the reign of hit late Majefty, intituled,	W

better relief and employment of the poor of the otherwise Launcefton, and parifli of Saint Mery, countv of Cornwall $ and for veiling the aftennpw mon lands within the borough in truftees, for ty * mentioned*

CAP. XVIII.

'Mfeidi

jj'l \c c3c:;:

An	aB for hying additional

boards, and Jcaleboards I and for explaining eeti. ing the duties impefed hyan spade in the ixt(titj-) his prefent Mojefty's reign, intituled. An a9; (bf ftp prefent duties' upon paper, pafteboards, rr{ltftJB ieakboards, mad* in Great Britain ;;and T^jjWhf duties in lieu thereof, 1 **	^	‘	'	“	*"

y Google

Digitized by V

tfcpflmi ^irfor^S(MtOflr RI*Cbt%

4&1

IWfoft 0raciou« Sovereign,

’’E# ffo^Majeftirti «oA dutiful and loyal fubjejfts, the coti$m»ttt ottitaa Britain, ia parliament atiembled, Preamble. foMf Waiting the nseeflhry fopplics to defray your Majefty’s HJ«W^*xpe*«s* have freely and voluntarily refolved to give M gimfct umo your Majefty lb« feveral additional rates and,

■rite upon paper, pafteboerd, millboard, and fcaleboard^ ri^after 'nientioned j and do therefore moft hnmbly beck1 yoorMajefty that it may be enafled ■, and be it ena&ed efife King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice -Plmitoff of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common*,

_ tbi# prefont parliament affismbled, and by the authority of

That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and Frora Ao?*

fevdh; hertdfed and eighty-four, (hallbe made in Great , fo^al' PaP*r» bveriaridabove all former duties of excife, or other duties al- miUhoa^d and ready5impofed thereupon, by any a& of parliament, the further realeboard, rates fahrf duties here in-after particularly mentioned and de- made in fcfibed,'and dafted In the fcveral tables annexed to this adt: Great Britaini (that is W frV,J	videlicet,

' ^ * - • - ,

*	flsinf	of	paper	made	in Great Britain for writirig, imperial

tiStHiJmpefiaii of the value- o( two ,pounds, eleven (hillings TToftrSSma per reahy artd'tipwtrtls, and not exceeding the dimentions of * * ”	*

twenfy-ttvo inches by thitty inches and a quarter, three (hillings':* '	'

c For cveftf ream of paper made'in Great Britain for writing. Super royal eatlldd SitpH* Rejal, of the value of one pound, eighteen (hillings ™ ^am-pri-Yearn,and upwards, and not exceeding, the di mentions of p ’ nineteen inches and a quarter by rwenty-fevaa inches and an haF,-the fum of two (hillings and three-pence:	,

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Royal ditto, called Bejal, of the value of one pound, nine (hillings par »«•*<(. per , and upwards, and not exceeding the dimentions ot nine- rean,J k inches and a quarter by tweenty-Tour inches, ode (hilling Btd>hide-peoce s

; FbriSvwf irahri rf paper made in Great, Britain for writing, Mediiimdittp, of the value of one, pound, two (hillings, and ^ a, pef fxpence 'per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di-uenfions of (eventeet^ inches and an half by twenty-two inches 1 an half* poe (hilling and fixpence :

’ r evtty rmiti Of paper made in Gnat Britain for writing. Demy writing (■rjpety, of the value of fixteen (hillings per ream, and paper, is. per Ipyhfrdt,’ arid hot exceeding the dimentions of fifteen inches1**"1* jpd’aa half by twenty indies, one (hilling:

-Tta'.’evcry rtam of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Thick poft •Med tytiti PeJl, of the vajue of thirteen (hillings per ream, »d< P*

U ' ‘ *	4	'	i	andream*

Digitized by njOO^IC

Thin poll dit* to, 7 d. per ream |

Small pod ditto, 6 cl per reamj

Fools cap ditto, 6 d. per ream;

Pott ditto, *d. per ream;

Double atlas, for writing, or Copper-plate printing, ios. per ream;

Demy, for ditto, 7d. per ream;

Copy, for writing, or copper-plate printing, 4d, per ream ;

Fools cap, for ditto, 3 d. per ream;

Littiis fools cap, for ditto. 3 cL per ream;

Pott, for ditto, id. per ream; f

gtfntf vfetfimo qvttrto^EOUGU.

and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeftfioh*roflOft&eti inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and*h laflf£ pence;	.	«	•	7	-	>v>3\*	-

F6r every ream of paper macft’fo Great Britain called Thin Pcjt, of the value of ten fhiUvfigft Wards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen' UxdheitfM a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, fcverWpehdet

For every ream of paper made in Great Brit&kt fa wrHfor, Called Small PoJ1> of the value of feven (hillings arid fix pierkc per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding thedfitoeftfidris of thirteen inches and an half by fixteen inches and art haff* pence:	'	-

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Cap, of the value of nine (hillings per ftem, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of thirteen inched and an half by fixteen inches and three quarters, fix pence :

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Potty qf the value of fix (hillingsper ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of twelve indies and an'halt by fifteen inches and an half, four-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copper-plate printing, called Double AtlaSy of the vdaetf fifteen pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding fhe dimenfions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and fc half, ten (hillings;

For every ream of paper made in Great, Britain fotwririn^, or copper-plate printing, called Demy^ of the value of tweNt (hillings ream, and upwards, and not exceedmgtlied^n^i-fions of fifteen inches and an half by;twenty inches, fcVca-pence;	'	V	-	.V

# For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper-plate printing, called Copy or Baftardj 6f ttot feven (hillings and fixpence per ream, arid upwards, arid at* exceeding the dimenfions of fixteen inches by ewemy inters and a quarter, four-pencei	^	^	1

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copper-plate printing, called Feels Cap, of the vatae <©f fix (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen-fions of thirteen inches and ah half by fixteeo inches and three quarters, three-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Brit*b*forvnii\n§ or copper-plate printing, called Litris Foils Cap, *f-*bd Vatoaf fix (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding menfions of thirteen indies and an half by ieveimen inchest an half, three-pence:	,	r" n t

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for wrifiwra or copper-plate printing, called Potty of the*value<)f/otir'4hfi4 ings per ream, and upwards, and not exceedingthe ditaeoiferiJ of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches amdaAhafivttQfl pence:

Fot every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writiDgJ

Digitized by Google	|

784.] Anno vteefimo quarto Georgii II|» c. i $4465

r copier-plate printing, called, Grandpagle or Double E&pbanti Grand «gle, f the value of four pounds per ream, and upwards^ and not ™ xpeeeding, ftkedimenfions of twenty-fix, inches, and threep ’ [uarters by forty inches, four fhillings :

, Fpy very ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, CoIombier,fot if, copper-plate printing, called Colombier, of the value of two <5,tt0* J** 6d* >punds and ten (hillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex- Perre*n,t ceding the dimenfions of twenty-three inches and an half by hirty-ipur inches and an half, three fhillings and fixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Ada*, for die-r copper-plate printing, called Atlas, of the value of three to, (worth 31.) KKtnds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di- s*« per ream; nenfions of twenty-fix inches and a quarter by thirty-four in-

:h<£* five, (hillings:

, For every ream of paper made in Great. Britain for writing, Ada*, for ir eppper-plate printing, called Atlas, of the value of two writing or 'ounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- copper-plate io0?pf twenty-fix inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches,	)	—

wo (hillings and fixpence:	a".°6d. *per

Fpr every reaip of paper made in, Great Britain for writing, ream; ir copper-plate printing, called Small Atlas, of tire value <A one Small atlas, •etund and ten (hillings per ream, and upwards,- and oot ex- for ditto, gediipg the dimenfions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one “* Pw nches, two (hillings and fix pence:	ream;

. For. gvery ream of paper made in Great Britain for .writing, Imperial, for -»r copper-plate printing, called Itnperial, of the value of one ditto, 1 *. gd, round and tieoftulHngs.per ream,, and t upwards,; and not ex- per ream; ceding the dirhenfions of twenty-two inphes by thirty inches md a quarter, ojqc (hilling and ninc*pence:

For every ream.of paper made ip Great Britain for writing, Super royal,

>r copper-plate printing, called Super Royal, of the value of for ditto, 1«. ine pound and five (Killings per ream; and upwards, and not 6d> per ream; •

i*ceeding the dimenfions of tupetcen.inches'aqd*a. quarter by

wenty-deven inches and a half, one (hilling and fixpence;

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writings Long royal, : ir copper-plate printing, called Long Royaof the value, of one for ditto, 1 $. iound per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimea- per ream; ions of twenty-feven inches and an half by eighteen inches,

>qe (hilling:	*	,

Fqr every ream of paper made, in Grert Britain foe writing. Royal, for '

,r copper-plate printing, called Royal, of the value of eighteen ditto, 11. per hillingsand upwards, and not exceeding the dimen-re,m» iops ofnineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-ijour inches,

»ne fltjjliqg i, •	'	•	I

-For every roam, of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for r copper-plate printing, called Demy,of the value of thirteen ditto, 7d. per hillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- team; ions offeventeea ioches by twenty-two inches, fcvet?-pence:

Fot.eveiy team pf paper madq in Great Britain for writing, short if cppper-,pl»tc. printing, called. Short Demy or Grown', of the tor writihg/or alue or nine fl)il}ings per, ream, and upwards, and pot exceed- copper-plate

jne printing, jd.

<	**	£cr ream*

Digitized by Google

Paper for bank notes. See. 1t. per ream}

46#	Atmevkeflf* quarto

iqg the dimenfions of fourteen inches by tWe^-^adpif a quarter) or of fifteen inches by twenty I nchea* fir«sp»«:

_	t tFor every ream of paper made in Great Britain % wng

ditto*as^’pw' or coPP«r'P^atc Panting, called Large Fapt of thfc va^ueofa team*} * teen (hillings per ream, and upfeards, and not exceeding 1 dimenfions of twenty-tbree inches and an half by tW^Wytoci and an half, one (billing:	•	T.	J

.	,	For	every	ream of paper made in Great Britan,.tfX vfai

dSw, od! per or Popper-pla,e printing, called Small of ntn'i * eleven (hillings per ream, andupwards, and oot

dimenfions of twenty-two inches and a quarter ly inches and a quarter, nine-pence:	.	.

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain tat \ Elephant, for or copper-plate printing, called	pf	the	vafop/cif	fibe^

r«am*|9 * ^ ^billings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the

fiorts of twenty-tbree Inches by twenty-eight laches, sui pence:	•

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bint j bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in d (heet, one (hilling; 'and fo in proportion for « greater fitIq number of bills or notes in each (neet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing dou- called Double	De, of the value of op? J

od. on*'**’ eighteen (hillings per bundle, and upwards, and ndt berth) the dimenfions of twenty-fix inches by tbirty-dj'fofococio an half, one (hilling ant) nine-pence:	- "j .

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing called Royal, of the value of one pound^aad four JfiSjingt^f r°y®'* **• *<,‘ bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the. dfouamM*! ftt “Ua t; nmetecn inches and an half by twenty-four inches Indy

or of twenty inches by twenty-fix inches, onefhifoagiwm P«n««'	\

Printing royal ^or ever7 bun^e °f paper made in interior, ti. ing, called Royal Inferior, of (he value of fourteen (hifaljpl1 per bundle) bundle, and upwands, and not exceeding the diatenS^c nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches *ii(J ji-j**

-	ter, eight-pencei	G\.-j

For every bundle of paper made id	?.ffW

called Medium, of the value of one poilod prr‘ “	-

wards, and not exceeding the dimenfions ” by twenty-three inches, eleven-pened:

Printing demy	For every bundle of paper made in Great.

fin8**»	ing, called Demy Single, 01 the value of

bUB le» bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding d feventeen inches and an half by twenty-two in teen inches and a quarter by twenty-one ificbea i ten-pence:	.

printingdemy For every bundle of paper made in GreatBr^

inferior, 6 d. ing, called Dttrry Infen of the value bf teq

bundle, and upwards, and not exceedifig.jfoe l feventeen inches and an half by twenty-two	1

Printing me* dium, nd. per bundle;

pet bundle;

Digitized by

Google

Aih^vi^mb	4*?

Frir every ’bniadle of paper made m Great Britain printing, Printing dou-Xci'Doune Crown, of the value of feventeen •fltilKngs tyecrown.sd. 5sdjU£' and "upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of Pw bundle* rctitf inches by thirty inches, eight-pence.	'

For ‘everybuodk of paper made in Great Britan for print' Double crown 1 &4Ued 'Double Crown Inferior,of the value of twelve dull- inferior, cr* ftr bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- per bundle} m* of twenty inches by thirty inches, feven-pence;

Fdr eVery bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Printing.fia-tg, Oiled Single Crown, of the value of thirteen (hillings per gk wown, **• MuB^ and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of P*r bundl#i ftecn inches by twenty inches, eight-pence:

Fdr every'bundle of paper made in Great Britain for pr int- single crow*

(e£ called Single Croton	Inferior, of the value of eight (hillings inferior, $d«

rr’bdndle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of P** bundle} tftefen inches by twenty inches, five-pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Printing de-bg*. called	DtmjTiJJut, of the value of eight (hillings per bun-tny

ms, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of feven- pcr u ie>

Kit ihphet and an half by twenty-two inches, five-pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Crown tiflue, CrownTiJJue, of the value of five (hillings per bun- 3d. per bua-tod upwards, and not exceeding the dimenfions of fifteen dle» let by twenty inches, three-pence: r ' Fbr every bundle Of paper made in GreatBritain for print- Printing do*, iag, called Double Pott, of the value of nine (hillings per bun- ble pott, 6d. fieyand upwards, atid not exceeding the dimenfions of feven- P*r bundlei (beta Inches, bytwenty-five inches gna an half, (ixpence:

For evfery ream or paper made ^in' Great tailed - Cartridge, yd. tridgfr hot exceeding the diiflenfiorts of twenty-one inches by per ream} Htenty-ftr1 inches, feven-pente:

For every ream of paper made in Grtat	,	called	Spare	Square cart-

ttoririige, n at exceeding the'dfmenfibns of twenty-four inches ridge, 8d. tod-in half by twenty-five Inches and an half, right-pence: 1 p*r ream»

1 Far cVriy ream of paper niade in Great Britain, called Car- Small cart-bridgt, flirt exceeding the difaeflfions of nineteen inches and a ridge, 6 d. quarter by twenty-four inches, fixpence:	perreamj

^•FoF'ewy team of paper made in Great , called1 Elephant y&dBf	Gonna#, nor exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three ednimon/jd.

tri^eS-bytWtaty-rightinches^ five-pence:	'	"	’	"	perreamj

For eve ry ream of paper made in Great Britain, tailed Arf <ar Sugv blue,

&ng the dimenfions'^of twenty-oherinches and sd-per	1

t-tmeer inchtt,right-pence:	1	r?am*

u^^p^^ inade in"GreatBritain, toiled Sugar Sugar blue, ■S&^’not exceeding the dimenfions of eighteen fmallerBixe, Nik'qinUters by twenty-feven inches, fixpence'f 6 d- P61, ream»

U

I Cf,

y warn1# paper ftfiide in Great Bcalled Sugar

rctm 1

Digitized by Google



Purple royal, 4d. per ream)

Blue elephant, *d, per ream)

Bine royal, Sdl per biui-• die y *

Blue demy feloflbm, 6d. per bundle j

Blue crown fingte, 3 d. per bundle f

Royal hand thick, 4^. per ream:

Royal hand, 4>d. per bundle |

dumber hand, 4-d. per bundle |

Double two

pounds, 3d. per bundle;

Single two

pound,t d. per bundle^

Midd!e,hand double, £d. PCr bundle;

Middle hand, 3a. per bundle)

An*o >^icdUim^jc^iarachrafX|KoaB-^	T	ftfla

Blue Grmvn:£ix,e, aot exceedingaba diaserifipntfof fjffce»rtochc> by twenty mchet, five-pc nee:	< 1 ^ / **'.*v£l .

For every ream of paper raadedn	fed^Mfc

Itytf/, not exceeding the: Amenfions of nitaetttn inctfe* Wl in half by tWentyrfour inchesand at quarter, foudpenofcV For every ream of paper made in Great Brittin\ cUM'M £Jepbantt. not exceeding the dtrqeaftons of twenty* thrfeeHtfeho by twenty-eight inches, fixpeaces . 1 ;	’	'V*--	L-	-

For every bundle of paper made in Grtat	qjJfcd

Blue	Reytl, not exceeding :the dnoonfions of^htilttdfh^Mt^s

suid an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter?

For every bundle of paper made in Grtst BriuAn;

Dymy an£M*jfbm, not exceeding the dimerriioftfc dt ftVerriecn inches by twenty-two inches, fixpente:	*	*V->	^

For every bundle of paper made in Great ^Britmoe; caltedjfiu Crown Single, not exceeding the dimenfoms ol ftftetfrincftti by twenty inches, three pence:	♦	i	^5	*

For every ream of whited brown paper mad»4h tain* called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding jtHe twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and pence :	*	:	^V

, For every bundle of whited brown paper made taint called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimrnfiditft>df twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a qtrtlrte^ fiWf* pence:	■	,v

For every bundle of whited brown paper made hi Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the dimenfiofls"# twenty-three inches bv eighteen inches, four-pence r* / * For every bundle of whited brown paper made inSn-tain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the drmeiilibq* tf twenty-four inches by fixteen inches, three-pence:	“	1	1	'*

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in' Qtaat 2&r-tain called Single Two Pounds not exceeding theditaerifita^ of fixteen inches by eleven inches, one-penny :

For every bundle of whited brown paper made

tain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the di&ehfidti of 'thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, fixpenCe: r

Small baud, double, 4d, per bundle;

Small hand, * d. per bundle;

ouples uind and ■If pound, d. per bun-

For every bundle of whited orown paper made in 'Qreal Bn-tain, called. Middle Hand, nob exceeding the dioaerdBehx ^ twenty-two inches by fixteen inches, three-pence:

For every bundle of wilted brown paper made inChat Britain, c^Wed Small Hand Double, not exceeding the^ dhnettfioik of thirty-two inches by twenty indies, four-pencei ^ 5r,ir51*

. For every bundle of whited brown paper made^in tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimen teen inches and .three quarters by fixteen inches^t’Wo^'peHfcef^ For every bundle of whited brown paper made^mGrti&BH* tain, called Gouples Pound and Half Pound, not**teeding ® dimenfions of twelve indies by tea inches, *nd dFirihe ladhi by feven inches and an half, one-penny i >	 -C

* f*

Digitized by Google

wy9^\ i Amo victfimo quarto Gtoncn III, c. 18.

• For^vcry ream of brownpaper made in Great Britain, called TmferudCap, not exceeding the dimenfions of twdnty-nihfe in-ibe* by twenty-1wo inches, four pence\

For,every ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, called Haven Cap, not exceeding the dimenfioris of twerity-four inches by twenty inches, three-pepce:

for every ream of brown paper ittade in Great Britain, call *6 Bag Cap, hot exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-three In. :be* and an half by nineteen inches* two-pence:

For every vreaqi of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Kfinttfp Ci/s not exceeding the dimenfions of twenty-one iuchei t>y eighteen inches, two-pence:

For evejjry ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, trailed four Pounds, not exceeding the dimenfioris of twenty inches by fixtech ihqhes, two-pence:

For every ream or brown paper triade in Great Britain, called Small Cap, not exceeding the dimenfioris of twerity inches by fifteen inches, one penny :

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Qaajble Pour Pounds, not exceeding the dimerifions of thirty-Hree inches by twenty inches, four-pence r , For every .bundle of brown paper made in Greot Britain, ^Ufd Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the dimenfions of fix-feen inches by eleven inches, two-pence t For eyery jbundle of brown.paper riiade in Great Britain, :?Hed Couples Pound and Half Pound, hot exceeding the dimen-lons of twelve inches by ten inches, arid of bine iriches by 1b-pen inches and an half, one penny:

For every hundred weight of pafteboarcl, millboard, fcale-ioard, and glaied paper, m^de in Great Britain for clothiers tnd hot-prelTers, drte drilling ind fixpence; and after thofe ates for iny greater or lefs quantity of fuch pipers; pafte-toards, millboards and fcaleboards, refpetfively:

4 *9

Imperial cap, 4- d. per ream;

Havon cap,

I d, per ream;

Bag cap, ad* per ream)

Kentifhcap, id. per ream;

Pour pounds, id. perream.

Smalt cap, t d. per r^tni

Double fortr pounds,id, per ream;

Single Two

pounds, td.

per bundle;

Couples pound ana half pound,t i d. per bundle;

Pafteboard* . millboard.

See. it. dd. ■ per hundred weight*

Which fiid (everal rates and duties iipov> the fajd fevei'al forti ^,c5tdu?

>f paper, and other the commodities laft-mentioned, to be makers/ nade in Great Britain, fhaH be truly paid by the makers there->f refpedively, according to the dilnenfiohs, denominatioris, aid value, in the feveral tables annexed, and hfcrein-befdre federally deferibed and exprefled,	,	:	*	^

II.	And whereas by the faid aft, made in the twenty-firfl f bis prefent ^Aiajtjlyireign, (intituled, An a& for repealing the G °* *' c‘ *** )refent duties Upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, arid (cale->oards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties p licuthereof,] feveral rates and duties art impofedupoh the fever dl r Tree of paper made in Great Britain, according to the dimenfions, dominations, and values, epepreffed in the faid oft, and the feveral tufas aperito annexed; and it is alfo euafted and declared. That the va-tittfofjfah paper made in Great Britain, as is to pay duty ad valo-em* fhbuld, m dll cafes, be token to be fo much as fuch paper Jheuti e'worth, to be fold fo foun ds Ihe fame is perjeft!y made, from time to	N

Vo a. XXXIV,	*	Kk	iiL

Google

The doty to Included be ito the vahxes of the paper cxprefMh therein*

The powers tor levying and recover-

Anno vkcftmd quarta GfcoRGlt Hli ft;lft.	£f7$>

time at London, without refptfl to the duly iO.be xbatgtd tberJaipm: and whereas dotibts bdvf arijen, tubetherfucb values fbaH ittaiest.U be fo much ol/mb paper jbeuld be worth iniMftve efthe duty papbit for tbejame*pr exdufive thereof: now, for removing fuch da&bcs, be it farther enafted and declared by the authorityOforefaid, That the values of fuch paper made in Great Britain* cxpreflbd m the ft id a ft, and in the feveral tables thereto annexed, add alfo the values of fuch paper made in Great Britain as is topay duty ad valorem* (hall, in all cafes be taken *to beCo ntucbaf fuch paper (hall be worth, to be fold fo foon as the fame iapet-fcftly made* from time to time, inclufive of-the duty in be charged thereupon by the (aid aft, and by this aft. .. : ry ..

Ilf. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefakl, That the feveral and fefpeftive duties by this aft itnpofcdopoa ii^r the dotieg *** PaPcr? pfteboaid, millboard, and fealeboard, made Jn o?therecit«d Oreat Britain* (hall, from time to time, be railed, received, aft an Geo, 3. levied, recovered, and fecured, by fuch ways and means,, and c^endwito under fuch management, and under fuch penalties aruLforfei-tbiiaft* tures, and witlvludi power of adjudging and mitigaung^ penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch other powers, and fubioft to fuoh allowances, drawbacks, rules, and direftions, and in fuch methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an aft of the twenty-firft year of hi* prefent MajeffyVreign, intituled. An aft for repeating the prefent duties upok pap*r+patfe* boards* millboards* and]'cahboardsr made irt Great Britain, euedfsr granting other duties in lieu thereof are by that aft to bt raifed, received, levied, recovered, or feefuted ; and that the hid aft, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures,, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained^for the ratting receiving, levythg, recovering^ fecum^pxyi&g, or accounting for the (aid duties thereby granttd^ arc and HUH he by force 6f this aft continued, prtfdtifed, andr put! Ih execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering,; fcctirihg, paying, and accounting for the duties upon papet^ pafeeboard, j millboard, and fealeboard, by thi$ aft granted, and making ■ allowances oat of the.fame, as fully and effcftually,!toal| intents and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at latgexe-peated in this prefent aft.	■	i

Hew duties to IV. And be k frmher enafted by the amhority-adfotiefeid, be liable to the That the faid feveral and refpeftive rates and duties, Itcmrubc-additional im- fore granted on paper, pafleboard, millboard, and fealeboard, poftsof five per ma(je jn Qrect Britain* (nail be fobjeft and liable to tbdaddi-arnounTtbere* t,()nal duties or impofts of five pounds par./Wsnmr^;five.efouneb of, im poled per centum, and five pounds per centum* fcverattyinrpofcd by by the afts 19 the afts refpeftively made in the nineteenth, twetity-firif^ and Geo. 3. ci *5. twerity-feebrid years of the reign of hi* prelaw	upon

the produce and amount thereof; and that fuch;additional duties or impofts of five pounds per centum* five pounds pnen-♦ turn* and five pounds per centum* (hall bo ratted, levied, colleft* ed, and paid in the fame manner, , and under the fame rules ^regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, and means, penalties

- ajd

11 Geo.], c.17. and 21 Geo. 3* c. 66*

Digitized by Google

Arm «5t£rtft«rqaarto Georg illll. e. 18.	471

amd foirfelWn^ xt. the vfatd additional duties or itnpofts *rc by of the nineteenth* xwenty-firft* and twenty-fecoud ^3^eartfkef his^rfcfent Majtfty’s reign directed to be colle&ed apd .paid,	^	v •

, ■-* V. And whereat ifrahd by thefetid dfi.it is provided* That no* Recital of part -thingyrt t be [did all ceftteined^ftall extend to hindir any hjafor of paper o tH Geo, 3; from fading fab paper from the mill whtrt made to any other willy c- **. n»Ut»\e to be fixed or fimjhed fit for life* provided leave for that purpofe be tor^^bcYia^" faft obtained in writing from the tommijfioncrs of exeife for the time	1,	.

-	being* and that notice thereof fhaU have bee* given to the officer of * txeije twenty-four hoars at the lea ft* in order that fuch officer map attend and take an account thereof: ami whereas the obtaining fuch

-	leave in writing from the (ommeffimers tf exeife is tlnneceffary* and	7

twenty-four hours notice to the officer of exeife is infufficient ; now*	M

For remedy thereof* be it crta&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That nothing in the faid a tf contained (hail extend to hinder Fdrty et|At : any maker of paper from fending fuch paper froirt the mill hours tjotiee 'where made to any other mill to be fiaed or fini(hed fit for proper life, provided notice thereof (Hall have been given to the officer officer, Sic* x>f eaccjfe forty^eight hoars at the lead* in order that fuch offi-. r cei may attend and tike an account thereof; and provided fuch i paper be removed with a proper certificate from an officer of exeife,. exprefling the quality and quantity; and when fuch paper (hall have beat fo removed to the mill or place where tbd lame iato be fixed or made fit for ufe* the fame (hall be under . tbe>like dirct&ions as to marking ahd (lamping* and all other miners imd things* as if fuch paper had been firii(hcd and fiz-^ ed at the mill where made; and fuch paptr-maker (hall, for ^ thfcbreacb of any bf th* dire&iorls aforefaid, be fubjeft to thd ^ like penalties	he would have been fubjc«ft to if the faid paper

^fiad not been renaovech - as Vh fiLtui h is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- Additional % faid*:Thgt.there (ball be raifed* levied, collected* and jiaid, to duties upofi ,!; and .for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccertors, for and ed^ftet^Auir" -- iipon the feverai forts of paper hereinafter enumerated, which JOt i7s4>vid*i fhaIl*from and after the (aid tenth day of Augjuft* one thoufand liceti Tfewn: buridved[ and * eighty?four, be imported or brought into tins kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all cuftoms*

* Fbbfidiesyand duties* already Impofed thereon* the feveral and ^ jkeipeAive duties Uercia-after mentioned; that is to fry*

■- bbs Fdr everyreatto of paper called	Atlas* teri (billing* 2	Atlas, ted,

onuJSocevery ream of paper called	Blue* eight-pence:	per ream;

* bJRoriev^ry ream of paper called Brown and Brown Capt dr BIue,sd* rff^hsud BrowUy four-pence :	B/pwn*&c.

jog* FoCiyeryream of paper called Cartridge* eight pence: ^ ub T For every ream of paper called Demy* one (hilling and nine- Canridge,8d. ryPittECS.iV^ r :	*	.	*.	Demy, i}. 9d.

For every ream of paper called	Elephant* four (hillings:	Elephant, 4«*

- - for every ream of paper called	Imperial* ted (hillings:	Imperial, ios*

..	JLk	i'	For

r>~

d

Digitized by Google

Apnoi vicc^qip^quartp GeorgiiIIL c, i0. fi784i

Medium, i«. Fof every ream of paper called . dt|.	fixpencc:	' •’	'	\	'	/j-riii	Ht. d:ii

FoR, it.	For every ream of paper called Po/lt onefhfllirtgi* ; -r :*;.d

Royal* 4**	For every ream of paper called Royctl, four (hillings 3 ■ - - f- A

. Ordinary pa- Tor every ream of ordinary paper, (not includedunder^^h^ per, dd. 0f jjie aforegoing heads,) BxpCnce:	-	:r

Pafteboard/ Tor every hundred weight avoirdupoife, of paftebwd, frtUl* u.6d 3pcr ° b°a^, and fealeboard; and for every hundred weight of gIre-; bundled	fof	clothiers and hotpreflers* ope (hilling

weight. pence | and in the like proportion fot any greater or Ids quantity i

Duties to be And the faid duties (hnll alfo be fubjedt arid liable to an additio-additioua^five na* ^poft or duty °f ^vc P°'JI^s per centum, and 6ve pounds percents im- P*r centum thereon, which were ifopofed by twp feveral a6ts of pofed by 19 parliament made in the nineteenth and tWenty-fccond years of Geo- 4 c« his Majc(ly!s reign, for granting to his Majefty additional tTtU ^ut*es uPon l^c pfoduce of the ftverat dories under co. 3. c. . nagernenC cf the refpedlive comraiffioners of the cuftoms and excifc in Great Britain.	1	J

VII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afpre! Jm^rt^u?cl faiil, That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the1m{’ the dire&ioo portation of fuch foreign paper, fhaH be urider the maaagel of the com- ment and dirc&ion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuff ipiOioneVs of toms in England and Scotland refpeftivety, and fhail be pail tbeciiiloms, down jn ready money without any difeount of deduction whan-in ready* fuever, and fhail not be drawn back upon the exportation oft hi money. See. Arne goods; and the faid duties (hall be failed, levied, cojfefl-

ed, recovered, and paid, in the manner and form, and under fuch reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch ruM* ways, and methods, as the former duties for fuch paper aje refpe&ively raifed, levied, colledlcd, recovered, and paid, (except where any alteration is made by this ad,) as falfy, tw al c	intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers/ dirtCT-

‘ ^	ons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any a£ or a<3s of parliatheil

’ T * relating thereto, &er<* particularly repeated and again ■ ennfjttd in the body of this prefent a£t.

VIII.	And whereas Jlandirig contrails may have been made before

Per fens ferv-	frJd°y	°f Juty* one tkoufandfetoen hundred and eighty -four, by

in* publick makers of or dealers in paper, for ferving publick offices,Jocteties, or offices, fic.	0ther perfonty with paper, to be delivered, in point of time, after the

virmeof^n" tent^ ^ °f Auguft, one, tboufand fevers hundred and eighty-traftspreced- Jmrl lt ts hcrcby epaded. That the perfons fefvihg fuch paper ingjulyi, after the faid tenth day of AUguJl, one thoufarid ftven hundred

1784.	*nay and eighty-four, in purfuanceof fuch former contracts, (hall be attenew0’ a^owcd t0 ac*d t^e duties hereby charged upon fuch paper to duties tonthe Pricc hereof, and fhail be intitled by virtfce of this a& price thereof, to be paid for the fame accordingly.

IX.	And be it further enadecl by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifing by the faid additional dudies by

this

Digitized by LjOOQle



i i

.Vi -	.A-'l	^	r»	-	..

b7$4*J: ;;Apno vicefifno quarto GeoAgii III. c. it. :	47^

* this afl impofed upon paper, pafteboard, millboard, and fcale- Mtoierarftng

4 board, (the neeeOaty charger of raifing and accounting for the by fame excepted,J fhali, from time to time,, be j>ajd into the tott»«xia^; itetfrpnof hie Majefty-s exchequer iiJMftwinfler^ fcpzntc andquer.. apart from other duties; and the fa id money fq, paid into the Application f^fleehipt ^ exchequer as aforcfaul, (hail be a fund for the thereof, pffymettt the Several annuities, and all fuch other charges and . ex peaces as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an of this present feflkin.of parliament, iptituletf* An aft for raifmg a certain jjtm of myuy by way of annuities, and for flMJb * ing a lottery.

j A $ L EJ S mentioned and referred to by this aft*

FIRST TABLE. ^Denomination.

Until i.1,1.	-

I /	* V

HI..' HKiiti Kji

’fni&rial' - V- — yujft/Rptal	;

fafya -' ■

1 Wediudf -4 ■	—- ^

Iietif’ ■

1 Thicjc^oft .	—	,

ThiaJolV	—	—

. $©aij P—	-

- £9?^ Cap	—	—

sm i:	-	■;

J WL.	\n	»■ "»	'	"II	I

Value per Ream, and upwjtfds.  1			Not exceeding ‘the Dimenfions of		Additional Duty per Ream.	
£*	\  J.	y.	Inches - Inches			V.
' i1	11	0	ia	by 3°i	3	Q
i'	19	©	»9i	*71: .	2	3
1	: 9	0	•9*	*4	1	9
r	. 2	6	•7s	**1	1	6
0	.16	0	Mi	30	1	0
0	l3	0	Mi	>9i	0	9
0	;IQ	0	Mt	»yi	0	i
0	\7	6	•3 i	»6J	0	6
0	0	0	>3i	(6?	0	6
0	■	0	t2‘-	‘ Mi	0	4  i

V.^;4 V,. -7 *■> £ iw 1 y-^ , V. -i :

\ '1 W.. ■; -o'; " >

- j iJ:. ) ■ L‘ji’ * - -: r .• ?d r!

-ot t	;	,

/j *'»

r-	-*.‘1^

V 1	>t

0;

1.7

Kfc$

Digitized by Google

SECOND

474	^	Anno	viccfimo	quarto	Gsofettll	ffT.'	6Tf9.	{17^4^

si<£" $ J^J £> r AIfCk-f vala* per fleam, I ■ t5S^c3E3S!

■ ■■■t,— jriwm **fi

Valfft'per Ream,! anti |

Duty per Ream.	
	t* :dLD
0 U>	i'' “iO: D
	a: R '
- O i	r ?+:-
	*
oT	-
o-	
4*	■ Ojc
i	
5	05.
2	6
'• a ’1	
: *1* i	
I	63J
ft	0
f	0
i <*	7
yo	s
%:	■rrfi
0	9
	
. i	nu
.s I ' -C	LOCI
*  A i	-i^;2 .
* i -,1b	Lii/
j i =:ji	brM
I'flift-'	
: ;ri IL	smd
'	A ‘
1	
L kiia	
I ) *>'	Rtfl
I <?*>	IW
rfbn	dJfl
- o‘V	
1; 9 iii	mdT
	dQb
t r *a	
O	s,
	
O	
O	j ,
	^ 4 ■■
l r*.	

DENOMINATION.

upwards.

Not Wo • '/ ;tic f * DLmenfions of

Wait i.kc or Copper-plats i Printing.

Double Atlas *—	—

Demy ~	—

Copy, or Ballard —

Fools Cap —

Littris Fools Cap Pott —	—

Grand Eagle,or Doable Elephant Cbloc^bier.	—	—

Atlas .	,	—

Ditto ' t? —

Sipalj Atl^s	—	—

Imperial	—	—

Super Royal	—	—

Lo/ig Royal	—	—

Royal —	— m

Demy —	—

Short Dnhy, or Crowns	—

Urge Fan	—	—

Sm^ll Fa4	-r-	—

Elephant ■	—	—	•

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills r of*Not^s, aflowiog Two Bills qr Notes, in each Sheet*, and fo in. Proportion for an) greater or leflfer Number of lil(s or Notes in each Sheet,

THIKP TABtE.

, . RurNTitfo.

Double t)emy •—	—

\

Royal	«

Royal inferior	—

Medium. —	—	.

Demy Single ‘	-	—	*—

Demy iprcrior	—

Double Crown	—«

Double C>own inferior Single Crdwn	—

Single Crown inferior Demy Tifliie	—

Crown Tiflue	—.

Double -Putt. ..

j.

o

12

6

6

4 o

10

o

o

10

5 o 18

d.

O

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

per Ream.'

18

13

*4

o

10

n

12

Digitized by

Inchoc Inches

s*	20
1 u  >3l	a
*3i	*7*
l*r	
a6}	40
*3i	34s
a6i	34
*6J	34
*S	3*
a*	3«f
•9i	*7l
*7?	18
«9i	*4
>7	ta
H	

V* .•“‘I

t *5	*°,3

r*3i •<>* aa$ t|i *3

1

26

*9 i

20

*9r

18

*7t-

by 3*i

or

l >9i

r7s

20

20

15 lS 17i f5 .,17

24f'

*3

22

°r . ‘J

*2 0 30

30 V 20 20 il zo

-. 2Ss

Coogle

1.784*3 Anno lAjefimo quarto Georgii. III. c. iS

FOURTH T A li L, F.

DENOMINATION.

475

Not exceeding	Additional	
the	Duty per	
Dimenfions pf	Ream,.	
Inches Inches	/.	J.
21 by 26	0	7
24s 25{	0	8
*9* 24	*0	6
23 28 -  2i| 33	0	s
	0	8
,8f ~  »7* 22 *5 zo	0	6 ;
	0  0	y  5
24*	0	t
23 28	0	
so  Hi-  K»  th	per Bundle.	
	0	8
•7 22	' 0	6":
*5 20	0	lv3
24 »>y 19J	per Ream.	
	0 I	1 4
	per Bundle.	
ft *9*	0	4
*3 18	0	
24. 16 16 1, ^	*o"i  0	?;
*3 21 1	0	6?
22 ,5	© 1	
3* 20 *9f 16	0  b	J.*  r 4' s
C>* 10 7		
] « 4 *. v	,;«t i	
t 9 ,7i		£
29 22 ‘	per Ream.	
	0	4 . %
2+ 20	0	
23x fjj	0	J
2« 48	0	1
*b 16	0	4  1
20 !j	o'*	
33 *0	0	
,l6 _U,	per Bundle	
	.0 I	1 r
C‘* to.)	. ■	r
1 «d I	0 1	1 >
t 3 7i I		1
	/rrHundrec	
	Wright	
* . *	1	1 p
ole ■ '		

Ordinary and coloured. Cartridge	—	—

Cartridge Square “	—»

Cartridge	~

Elephant common — •	—	—

Sugar Blue	—-	—

Sugar Blue, fmaller Size	—

Sugar Blue, Demy Size	—	—

Sugar Blue Crown Size	—

Purple Royal	—	—	—

Blue Elephant	—	—	—

Blue Royal	—	-*■	—

Blue Demy and Bloffom	—	—-

Blue Crown Single	—	—

t :•	.	•

’} 1

t FIFTH-TABLE.

Whited Browns and Browns..

Royal Hand Thick —	—

ftoyjri Hand — , —	—-	—

Lumber Hand — —r • —	1—^

Double Tivo Pound	~	—j	•—

Single T^o Pound	-a’.	—	—-

Middle Hand double	t-	—

Middle Hand —	-r	—	—

Small Hand double	—4	—

Small Hand

• 1

Qeuflet Jpound and Half Round .	\	-*■

,	|	,	,	r

jlmperialjCap —	—

|Hayon Cab —	—	—,	*	—

ICcitelh^Cap	t-	\	:

iPoerPounds	— —	.1

Sxnkll Cjtp	—	—	i

c Double Pojur Pounds	-a ^	—	I

£ifljgje 'iNvo Pounds ' —*	tT	•

I;	1	.	;;	-	, :

|?a&eboird, .Millboard, l and Scaleboard. and Glazed Paper for clothiers *nd Hot; Pfeifers,

^Un

Digitized by VjU

Anvi4ctilne'qoeit6>to^irtDc>iR»9dA[i68|tI

t ...	.-J;	wnMrt-' *avL»uv<^i^

. ........C A P. XlX.-. • - Wc '.i v 5

An	aO'to mmaeand continue vn o£Umtdr4n

reign of his pntfmt Majefty,har-eacooragiog thC riariofiaj&mV -oft leather, by lowering the duty payable upoh the itripbrti^ • tioo of oak:back, when the price of Such barkflttf 4 certain rate, for a-limited time i ami for- eulondbg fnkfial ■ ,mHs ofparbamont	relative to the monufaflare of le&fkr}hiHBht'

fart of Great Britain taHtd Scotland. •• - • * .*wi'r

Preamble, TIP HE RE AS the law hereinafter, mntiotudeJsaik lpd(p|MP'

T V Hence beyn found ufefutand benefitipk audit MP*Htd'i'r\>*tit' therefore pna&cd by the King’s tnoft excellentjuafofiy, fcfvob4 i with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tcntyafaW and commons, in this, prefent parliament aflembltdi and by tbo t* Geo. i. e. authority of the fame, That an adt made' in tbetwelfth.yoar.-Qf-c jo. renved, ^e rejgn 0f his pirefent ^fajefty, (intituled; An	ewtmraf-

ing.{he	marwj'allureof leatherby lowering the duly payable, the.

importation of oak bark, when the prueof.fuch-bark /ball ereetientertain rate, for a limited time), which was to continue in i«Oe for five years, and from thence to the end of the ;tbeu ne4K:. feflion of parliament; which adt was by another aft nayde 4a thf feventeenth year of the reign of- his prefent Majefty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thfcOCC. to,the end of the then, next feflion of parliament}, (hafl kie revived,

. ,	,	ar\d	the fajne is hereby revived, and (hall coFHinne:^pd^bcin

and continued force for the further term of five years, and frofnthence lo the fop five years. Cl¥j 0f the then.next feflion of parlia.nKnt.	J.

Rwnalof U. Andwhereas by an all of parliament made, iulbenieotkytar of: 9«kuoe,c. »•. the reign of her late majcjly Qu Anne, (tfiftetekaiA^U^iPt laying certain duties upon hides andfleios, tanned,. Jawod^ fr tlrtfled, and upon vellum and parchment; for tho .tortnuf thirty-two years, for profecuting the war*, and oth<pP..her,M#-jefty’s mod nectary occafions) ; which	hath

aft made in the third year of the- reign of bis late mafefiy -ftftg-Cjeotge the f'irjl, been made perpetual to pis Maffiy, kit hfikl mid.

fiutijjors	for.ever, tut fubjeft redemption by, par foment-1. ii isffc

toe firji-nmtiotttd. aft, among other .things, rffitfd,Thajt. in. the. t Jac. a. c. s*. fiejlyear of the reign of. King James tbe.firji, of kapiymmofjs * gofid ami wholefopte fame was mode\tmemng tatHWTfc makers, currier*, and other.artificers.m leather,	■

pr.ovimii.wasmo ft for the tent and well tanmng,<Wfttfiigh .fisU tiorfing of leathery and-for and (enter,uing the buying Mdiftiimgtof leather, red and unuv ought, inopen fairs and marietfi Ondfir.Jmd) other matters, and things; relaas in, the foU flotvtts, ode plainly and largelyexpreffed, the dueemeution where^ hath bttn and is oj great importance to the publick good ond/endet t/tha.

'realm, arid witf very much contribute to the. after tain itig PtniedUbfau i of,the duties by this ait intended to, bp granted rtOnd hdltbaetby enabled,That all mayors, bailiffs, and other tffcmfm^tbe time being, ip the feverol cities,. borought, and mar bet itwnipftba

'redhs.

digitized by L.ooQle

]Ao$© tioIBnp qaart>/Qix»(C ft O&C.qff.	-

ramhn, and	tie	nfptBivtlords of Ube?tirsy~fairs, end markets, end

the matteri end	wardensof ebr fiverai tempaniesin the fend eft /**

prefif&t end.	Currimlfioemaiersidmi-vtiefartifker^

gliend nspry other porfm end *perfiki whatfiever,	an- or

ought fobatamjmed in tie exetuHtu	of thejaid fiatnte, or pm cbo~

dten^tifrwnUy	fboll	(mderfisdrjams,penalties^

ar qrp-fistefin. >fivereib exprefed) dtdy.tneaobserve,' to%th tit. fame	fioitfte* and ail tie daufex, matters,’and things tbtirem

contained, in relation to the tannneg,irtjfing, matting, haying, felting, trying, fialing, rendering, or, ether matters	, Othfr,r . . _

theetyfieh as hate pen	Ottered	by any loworflatute finer that tiptd

mOde ani nans in fine: and whereas doubts bate been made whether the	hefedenetted	dua/e,andfo	muds of the fetid all King James

(hOVbfi'as- is therein mentioned; and rt-tna£does extend to that fari^ofbhe united kingdom of GreitBritain failed Scotland,-' and by' mextnTwboreof the duties upon leather in that part of the	■	>-

kingdom -are greatlydefined and impaired, by rtafin tf per fins tube ufe the art ermyfietytf teaming tf leather, at the fane time ex-erdfixg- tke eraft 6r nrtfltrj of Jkocmalcrs,	or other	cutters

ofdemcti Contrary to the true intent and meaning of the before mtn~ tiinfd'attdih	port rented alt of King James	therefore,

for the patting an end to fuch doubts for the future, and for thO’beuer and more effeAully {tearing the duties due and pay-aWejOhis Majefty upon all hides ana fleirn tanned and drefied in that {Mrtcif the faid united kingdom, be it deplored and enaA* ed hf'thii tutherify aforefaid, That fomueh pf the faid aA of Such part of tho'-ftsft yearofthereign of King James the Fifft as is recited *J*c-and re-enaAed ia the before Mentioned a A of the ninth ye?r of ttifc reign df Queen Onto,does, and always did extend to all declared to andeicrypBrt-of the faid united kingdom ; and that no perfon extend to or^erfertS- lilihg: Or ’exeftifing1 the myfteVy of tfadc of tanning every p*rt of %y birtfelfj or bytmy other perfon oVperfons what- Great “lUin» foeWefr/thalty'dprfbg the tithe that he (hall fo ufe the faid my« ftesy 1«r tiidc'Ofa tanner, occupy, exerrife, or ufe the craft nr ntyftdry trfotihoemaker, curritr, butcher, or of any other arti-fitet utog of oxerofmg the- cutting or working of leather, upon pabrtofoffcir -andlofc £11 and every fuch hide and hides.'Jkitx antfcfkins^fo by them, or any ofHheni, wrought dr tanned during rtwTime* that he (nail ufe of exercife the myflfery, trade, or	^

croiftdf unttfogj Of the juft vahie thereof, and the further fum ofAfty pOorsds of lawful money of OtearBritain', and that fb tpuoh tbe aforefaid aA of the firftyear of the reigo of King -T^fMSfalle Phh as is recited and re-ehaAed in the before men-tiondd'»4k<rf the' ninth- year of the reign of her‘ late majefty Qstutti dinel (halt be cohftrued arid taken to be,' and is hereby dseforetMo^nalreand eictend- to all and every-^art of the faid uintaf kingdomof Great tlritafn, in as fult and ample manner^ forth, and effeA, to aWinreritspnd purpofes, (except fuch part thereof os-hM b<*rv altered, by any Is* or ftatute ftnee that,tone made arid note, in force), as if the faid aAofthe ftrft year of * the rein of King'^fam; five Fkft, and every cliufe, matter,

gad

Digitized by Google

Moo «QUm0^oMa(Gsofiotl llL ^4O^. fijrf-

Wi <hifig'4h^ifr«&wainedf':vatta<twete llknin agd* p*ftw Itrly repeated: md re-tna&ed; and tbat^all provafa, Hbaillki L *	and aH otheb chief officer* of b*rgln,aiidbadlimof,rajuJt«

and ether tread-officers for thp time beings in -t&a fotwal doe burghs, andmarket-towns,in that paitfofthe foad suited liing dot* of Great Britain called &tt{a»d, *ad tiLtanhenjuMijn fhoemakers, and other artificers, andaH ahdenery other pda and perfon* whatfocopr* who are or ought .coe be ednccaud i fhe execution of the faid datutc, ot giee obedience tbereno IhaH, unddr fnch-nmn*, peoakma, and ferfeitute»*:t»*tt dim in federally expre&d, duly execute, obTesve, and <oespb»it( the (aid ftatute; and alt the daufes,. nutters, and tbinfttMw contained, hi relation to thetannmg, dreffiog, making, baying, ‘telling, trying, foaling, regtfteriag, nr other matters chucersioi leather, (other than loch m hare been altered byatw.Jsr « ftatote fince that thtte made and now in fonee),a* rally ati effectually, and with the feme powers and aotbordies, to all is-rents and .purpofes, as if the faid provofts, baillies, and odar officers lad before mentioned, ond every of them,. h*i to* particularly nitned and do&ribodm the laid aft of the fuftyor of the reign of his majefty King James, the Firft, fitrein-bowt recited.	: ••	•: itjot; •

. cap. xx.

An all	fir altering and amending an	eb* thvttenUrjm if

reign bf bis profint 'Majeftf, inti fled, An a& foreftontiig ' warden* arid allay matters, ;foe aflzylng wtboght plat; in dc towns of Sheffield and	f* far at relates* th fed

'lawn of Sheffield.	' a -,"\Ws	.

Preamble.	117 HE REAS an aH sf parliament wot,made iniboiivltad

" Kecitai of s* VV yearoftbt rejfit.ff Geo. 3. c. s».- for appointing, warden* yiuj a day maters, for* a^ayipg iwo*#t ..plaw in the .towns of	and	Birmingham •,- tubfrth li V'

Jdytr ef wrought plait* appesoted tr to ><	thereof, within the faid tmn of Sheffield, is autborMedugui-

1 end to demand and tote* ef ,and from	whojbmkkxs

tathe ajfhy qfieebelongingta company of guardiefs^mdepudi - by ibejaid aH for the faid t«p».«/Shefficld, armpiete tefindff wrought phtee to be	afayedtried, and marled,

■ money, orreUtaedf, ehtbe atfajer fall think &,,,«#

Jim of one Jbilhng for	e puMfigdq fr

every greater or lefi quantity of plate offtytd ,0^

. asthe laid.prices,, fuau ofmaney* aforofaid, are, inadequate	attending; fa WPH M

marking offmaii pities of plate, and infyfittentjfedeJrojfeuiM farytupenttitf the ajfity ogue tjiablifbed in.tb^Judifmglm . held;.andit«\ntajfiry that gf wards, Jtould be aUtwtd to be taken, for affdjiug,atufjparMtg-Jm

■	pieces-of plate:may it therefore; pfoafe your Wajenythat#«1 U- caaCfodi and beitcaa&ed by jho KiogV

Aona~vk^irtQ^^aato X5*ojtoq HLc, stp nnjefty, byandwitfctbeachricB andconfentof tbeiords fpirj-qal' and temporal, and commons, in this'pwknt parliament t fie tabled, and- by. thdautboptyof the/adw, That rt ihall be Price* allowed awful (bribe atioyer qf wrbnght plate appointed or be ap> •*«* **ken ’’V pointed by:virtue of the bud aft, within the faid town of	sad

Grh&,io alki demand, take,, and receive, of and from all and sveryperfbn and perfons. who (hall from time to time bring jo wroogfat thets&y office within the laid town JoiShejfitld, aftyitnaU pieces pi**** ' rf wrought plate to be afikyed, tried, and marked, according to She due&ions of xbe bid recited aft, fuch prices,, fums Of moneys or rewards, at tbe company of guardians of the fajd aflay offipe (hall think fit, and.(bail from.time to time, at afiy qf ebeif meetings afeertain and order to be taken and received* fo as fuch prices, fums of money, or rewards,‘do not exceed	,,

tbe rate of fixpence for the affaymg, trying, and marking, any ime dozen of fuch Anall pieces of wrought plate* fuch dozen not exceeding in weight fix ounces tray; ana that the pricey* loon of money, or rewards, allowed to be taken by the fajd •ecited, or this- prefent aft, ffiaU be paid, and applied in and	,

towards the fupport of the (aid aflay office, and towards payment of any debt or debts already or hercafter to be incurred on account thereof, and of the expenses of obtaining and. pa (Hog this prefent aft, in fuch manner as the faid company of guardians (hall order and dire& i any thing in the (aid recited aft to the- contrary hereof notwitbftanding. *

■y.. il. fipd	whereas	it is by the faid	recited aft mallei, That if any

. working fiherjmitb,	or dealerm wrought plate, or any worker or

deakrximauy other jnotal plattdor	mured withfiber, , or

laufe to be ftrutk, any letter or letters, upon anyvtjfel or other , mado of	metal,plated or	tovered withfilver, or upon any metal

JeT, ofothtr thing, made to look like filver, fuch perfim or pcrjdets fo offiti&ng	Ihall be fitbjcB to the penalty therein ‘mentioned; and doubts

bathe' httftn whether a mamtfalhtrer of goods plated with filver tan or -mayfirike bis name upon JUth goods, without marring the faid finally, j and by rtafon offitch doubts tbtmanufafiurm of goods plated itrstbfihtfr hove been deterred from firfkihg their names upon floled goods, whereby c proper difiinltion befithxt plated goods ofi the iffibknfmdiiufafturers is prevented, and alt emulation in that braeteb tf bt/finefi it defircyti; to the certain and manifeft prejudice of the faifcmanvpiBtryfot obviating fuch doubts, be it further enodt-edhy the abthority aforefaidi That it (hall be lawful for any Manufafhir-Inhiaftfturer bf gOdds plated With filver within the-faid town ert of plated •6f Sbrfjktdi; or within one hundred miles thereof, toltrike, or g°od* may tadfe to Hev (track, upon any metal veflel or thing, {dated .or ** cov&tef with fiber, his or her furname, or, in cafooif any part- ther ^t|, , * JierfHpf tfurname or firm of fucb partneiihip, and alio feme mark, on the '’Shirk, fijjurf, or device, to be (truck at the end of fach fur- good*, with-hath*,', dr othei1 name of firm; Aich mark, figure, -or device, ®“* hot hemgjtbe feme, or in imitation Of any markytnade afe of [he JJy by any fiby office eftabftfhed by law for affixing of wrought Geo. 3. pWe,^ without being Aibjeft to any penalty of forfeiture for fo

doing!

<■- a	-	;•	-	on- ?/yuv onrA [.;

Anno VTceflmo qasreoQztftoti'.IU. Cz-ati^t^ jjoihg; arty1 thing in thr^aft t9|^

Sum to be ,IU. ffcfoided heverthelefs, That e^ery i legible eb*. name, or firm, as afflrefsid, fhalfl^ in pfem1 iftfll&Mew •a*"-. »"<* rafters, and ’ftrudc with one pun^fronly; arid er^nraftii a5S figure, of device, (haff, b'e^ire'the fatne ii mideuWdf.bidi ppiwo^^ (nitte<j| tcf^he examination of the fiid companyorgdirdtia^ rtgi. thp (&&'SbiJfuld affay office/and be approved of>%ytfic»<

Some 6f their publick meetings, and repftetfed hi a Woky tos cept for that pufpOfe} for which regiftry thfl’fc’fhal! behatifl demanded ana taken, ’from" ariy manofaftar^^ rfawd^ on whofe account fueh regiftry ftiafl be ma.de, thVfBltt'eft* (hillings and fixpence, and ho morel	-

IV,	And be it further enabled rand~deeTarW,f any manufacturer or manufafturers"of ptated’gbdflS'iiitMfi f nof** °'ftTe? 6Wt6wn of SbtMeld, or within ore hundred ®tfc* tftwd or begging * (ball at any time hereafter ftfike any dime,IntWki'ficatt^orCj

------— -- vjce, upon his plated goods, which Ihift'hbth'aee'tiWn pi

ViouflyVegiftered at the faid afTay office fcfr' thiT9i^to**ni &b*ffitldy or which fhalj have been previoU^ regifiWcd'iftl* (aia office by any other roartiifriifhJrifr of plateiFglfdlfcj'^ perfon' fo offending (hall,'for every ftrch offferrfC} forfeit« pay, to the faid waidens, the fum ’df'ohd httfdrtidftoilfcM be recovered Irt like manner is’ 'any petiahy dr* the faid recited a<5>, autborifed or

to be applied as aiiy otheV money iif HeftinMStfor^<lfiri^<(!5 be applied. *• ’'	'	'»	•	lew	.iuoi-vhIso	i-i

V.	And be it further enafbed by That this T^dt'(hall \k deemed and- taken (8 Wf p&Nkt l#j and (hall be judicially taken norHe hf^s1 fflehj^ilEJW^ juftices, and other perfons whensoever, WrtlWbe fiStoftByfW*; fng the fame. -

*	’ ’ '	*•	.	.	• *.OCW ivffi ;.V,^ 1

C. A f\ XXX	^

ant, ti titred at tbe office.

Mamxfaftur* en ufiog i

to others, to be fubjeft to a penalty.

Aibtiakafiv

An aHfor the prefeeyathn qtid encouragement of I , witkifi this re 9T v:	"L-

flinty ^BritiXh

witfifi this realms by fir eventing the exportation,	IS

flinty J3riti(h hare wodr and$ritifti eonty tv^ratii$$$$ cr untamed E[riti(h coney Jkiniy and for trivehtin^**™ ^

/TV C_____t..* ' ii . *■ . 1 ... J... J • J Y*. .. • I1. Vi£i

Freamblt*

fkins f(om bun^ Jlained or jyedj and hair	into this kingdom,,duty-frit* '	^thuwl

WHEREAS Britifh bottoddBfitlflV^

principal articles ufidIfti hOt	t?o^

ds ore of th^ g+oiOtb or ptodute dfUnghrtdi ffa efew^f ^ other country in quality } by reajon Itfcereof dttdtf tU lenee to tvhirh the hat manufa&u^e barb been EngHfH bets have bad great preference abroad) andte^nokirft^ tbits of 'them have been herttojort eitpertei to fottgh WtfiM ^

of late fetftral fcretin flatts■ -have ^iwmryvrcr wtumywye-iinii endy fnfead of taking from this tfogfo*! fbfMtfaf-bovei been ttfei• to do)% tb<y not only detain their own comm^'

ubJ

Digitized by

Google

'8 4-] Anno viccfimo quarto Georoii lit c. 21.

kereidfire	'‘bafflb'liit

0itqhfiwip’oifr joiij Britifh hanfkins,:and Britkh i Britifh hare Wool, and BritilH coney wool, which, by the preftnl V>s.e&t&kftalmxt'htyareatJibtrtj to -da, on paying a trifling duty t the yixperta fieri	thereof,,whereby the bat manufqpure of this Hag-

ntf^n’wbiobthe jftipportof many	Bfxuftijubjefts

iodl^jp materially, injured, and	the

Vd aidjufpgrtefd:and whereas	gi , or Turkey goats

alfocm, atftieiemuch uftd ift the hat thamifaflur'i, great ■Jthavr beret ofore been imported into this	Which always

tid n duty of fixpence per pound, dr	on	importation,

directs opr rivals in the hat manufaBuri ptrdrit the fame to be im-» tea into	their refpeBive countries duty-free, by rtofoh whereof, only

try [mail Quantities of it have lately beds imported into this kingdom : >r repaedy and prevention of thofe leveral evils, arid td the iri* >m that the hat manufatflureof thisYingdom may bepfefertfed nd encouraged, by prohibiting the exportation of uWBritifb ate (kins, and.Bnfi# hare wool, and Britifb coney wool, and II undreffed or nntawed Britifh coney (kins, and. by permitting Oats hair, or Turkey goats wool, to be imported into this coun-■y djUty-fn}e) (hay it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it lay bcertaQed} add be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Mjefty, by and with the advice ana content of the lords. fpirU ual and temporal, and commons, ,in this prefent parliament ffemblpd,and by the authority of the fame) That no perfoij >r. pyrfons whatnever) from and after the twentieth' day df fugufii.in^the year of our Lorjd one thoGfand feveri Hundred ind eighty-four, {hall directly or indireftly export, tranfport) bi^Piuircarry or corvv^, orcaufe pr procure, to be exported, rtsfpQtied, (hipped off) Carried or conveyed) eat of or from he kihgddm of Great.Britain,into any foreign realm, (laths, or iotniniens, or into: any parts or places whatfoever beyond the eas, arfy Britifb hare (kins, or parts or pieces of any fuch (kins; )t Britifh hare wodl, or Britifb coney wool, or any undrefled or intawed Britifb coney (kins, or parts or pieees of any fuch (kins whariqeyer; or (hell direftly or indirectly load, or.cauie to be Cadet^' upon, any horfe, Cart, or other cattle Pr carriage,' dr jay oh board, or caufe to be loaden or laid on boardj of brfhany flup, teifel, or boat, ih any place or ports within or belonging. to this realm, any Britifb hare (kins, or parts or pieces thereof, or any Britifh hare wool, or Britifh cortey wPol) sr any undrefled ot untawed Britifh coney (kins, dr any parts or pitc£S'af any fifth Ados, to the intent'or purpofe to'export traniport, (hip off, parry of convey the fame, or caufe the/apift to be exported) ttanfported, (hipped off, carried or conveyed aot of .she kingdom of Great Britain, or out of any port or pktee beiodgifig thereto,'or with intent or-purpofe that any perfon orpwfons whatfoever (hould (o export,. tranfport, (hip off, catty or convey the fame out of the (kid kingdom, or into ahyfereigpparts or places whatfoever.

II. And he it enaCted by- the authority aforefaid, That »H -w- >* ............. .	•	.	.	and

4«

C i

i

>1

From Aug.to, 1784? no per-lofl (hall export any British hare ficirit, bare wool, qc coney wo6l, ' or undrelTed coney fkins.

or load any horfe or cart, 5rc. therewith, in order to export the fame.

f

Anno v&fimoquirtoGfidiWii lit.

Penalty ort	aod,6very the offender and offenders, offence and offences atom

the aforefaid	(kali bo fobj cot andliabfeto the refjx^V^patoS'apife

, najtiea and. forfeitures heteia-afrer nqmrioned;(rhatT»x»> 6yj| the (aid Britijb Yivft. (kins, of *ny part* or pieces -of -flarSvi Aiits, and Briti/thare wool, and Britijb coney wob^artf an» tireffed or untawed British coney (kins, or any parts, ocpies Of any foch (kins fo exported, tranfported, fhjpped<»ffi <yr cff .. ..	ried, conveyed, or loadea, contrary to the -true intdit ol

(leaning of this aft, (hall be forfeited, and the fame, (hall a4 may be feixed and profecuted by any officer and oftksrt-of hi hl^jefty's cuftoms, and the owner-or proprietor, (hipp&, or. exporter, oif faaqfi goods, (ball, for each and every offence,' forftii five hundred pounds { pad every matter and niafiner of &cft lhip, veflej, or boat, on which (itch goods, (hall be ladetvaid every perfon whatfoever, knowing fuch offence, and .-wilJinglf aiding aqd affiftiog therein, (ball, for each and every ofieaa,

V forfeit and pay forty poands..

. III.	Andi tnafmmh d* Aprtvijuw	mad* fir-

tutim if tht ajenftid Brit i(h bare /bias and firitifo t*ne$- flam ft tht bat Mtmfafiory may be	and	in	-a	gttatuufmi m-

dfred intffeilual, by tht flaming or dying offiuhjkim; for prevention whereof, be it further , enabled by the authority aforehid, That no perfoa or perfons whatfoever, from and after the hid twentieth day of Angufi% one thoufend(even hundred aod.ciglur-four, (hall dtrodtly or indireftiy (lain or dye, or eanfe, procure, fuffer, or permit, to be ftained o* dyed,	l^eikiju,

pr parts or pieces .pf any foch (kins,. apy or part*, or .pieces of-any fuch (kins whatfoever, rwithWtbi^iaf* dom of Gnat Britain, on forfeiture thereof, together .with lE and every the machines or other utenftls	iie

aforefaid (kins, or parts or pieces pf (kins, -fl\a3l j$npl or dyed, together with all the apparatus to tben a belonging, to be feized and profeCutedas hereia-bifbr#' dirtd-ed | and that every of the offender and offenders tlfertin,1hd all and every perfon and perfons.whomfdevcr jydjng,ai&a^t-sag therein, (hall forfeit and pay, for every oesueb, thefex.-of twenty pounds.	-	-	•	-	••

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authorityifort-faid. That the feveral penalties pnd forfeitures herein-beforc in-Aided, (hall be one moiety to hiS Majefty, his heirs and fuc-

covered jmd** ce^or®> a°d fo* other moiety to fuchoffwfceoroffem«f.tl>f applied. cuftoms who (hall fue a raj profecutc for-the-ftmfcy.ind(W and may be recovered in the fame madder, rules and regulations, as other penalties,	re-

covered by any a£t or a<5te of parliament for pteventiagnfoud! in hisMajefty’s revenue of the cuftoms; : i,; • * •

V.	And be it further Cnaded by the authority a&tfai!, limitation of That if any adtion, bill, plaint, fait, or information, (halite vdtions. commenced or profecuted againft any perfoa for what he lit1

do in purfuance of this aft, fuch. adtion, bill, plaint, foil, or information, (hall bs brought and profecuted in the county wbn»

til

From Ang. so, 17S4, no perfon (hall italn or dye any Bntim hare (kins or coney (kins, on forfeiture . thereof, with the machines, &c. and alto mol.

Penalties and forfeitures

Digitized by LjOOQle

AjiW	23.

*ecadeofiadtion dofh arife» artd not mnoy'other county of ;;; v>

lace j.and the- porfen fo filed (haU aqd rauy file common haili [	’f,T

r/enter into a cotomonappearaoce, and plead the general ifiue Generitflffiifc

at •goakyi a ndy upon iffite jotted* may live iMs-ift And llirt

pecibl matter incwtttetwer An A if the plamtiff of prolecutof

hall jbecogw nonfiait, or fuflfer dilcofttinuance* or if « fehtnS

hall.palkaga'mft him, or if upon demurrer judgement :pa£i

igainft him ythe defendant (hall recover treble coft*, and have Treble coftt.

he likAi remedy for the fane » the defendant qt defendancI

batik orime in other cafes by lawt '

fir tit	htiur mturagMHHtof tit bat tnattufifforydf

tbnJtingdm,	Jo	tie	intent that, goats hair, or Turkey »4

too?	hereafter it imported into this county duty-free, be it further

enaded'by the authority afore&id, That all and cvefy .duty add After Aug.*®, duties,of what nature os kind foeror, payable to hia Majefijr, *7>t> K0*1* his heart or fucceflbrs, by any adl pr a$s of parliament, for or "^o^d W upon any goats hair, or Turkey goats wool, imported into the duty-free* kingdom of Greet Britain, from and after the . laid twentieth day of Augufl*one thoufaodfeven hundred and eighty-four (hall scale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable*

7	cap. xxn. '

(U aft I for SoaMirtg firAfcton Setter to dlfpoftof-bit mnfettm, as now

,. o: -« .. .eahibtwd at foiceftar Heufe, hy »»* atchart*.

Sfe Mf. Cox's mufeura, and the Adelphi, in 177!. Sir' Alhtoti Lever 'fmpowered to difpofe of his mufeum by lottery. Without being liable to atty-'pemity. 8bn* to be railed ndfc t* exceed 37,2001. end number of [ fidwt»v)6)0ce, To adwiife fixjh fale by Dec. *5,1784, am) before he . felloe. any tickets, with an account of tbe piece* composing the rou-ftum, in the London Gazette, To confift of one prize, to be determined by the lottery of 17S ?, if it confiftt Of jfi.ooct tickets or opwardt. If no iotkeily'i(i,r7fs‘that mall confift of 3^000 tkkets, then by a'prirate-lot* ttrfi afrnr tebu »,*ikl before March *j, 17W, under the infpeftion iof the honourable Caines Barrington, Bamber Oafcoigne junior efquire,

Tbbmas Stanley efquire, John Blackburn efquire, and *Iiiomas Btitter-worttrBayley enquire, or any three of them, and the firft number to be the ftvtx* Upon filth SdrertiftmeM, tbe property to reft in (be trofteet.

Sir Afltton Lever to take the profit* till tbe (ale. Power to vetaft new . psflcer. Publkkaa.	, ■_

- p c a p.' xxiir,'	'	* ■;

Aaa&fcc further continuing for a limited time, «n a& made In the

.;;,!)t!WI*y'^47cfr °f {be reign of his pfefeut Majedy, intituled, fut ad . , for ©reVenting certain inftruments from being required from lTnps 'be-iohgfnjrto the United States of America j and to gnre to his Majefty, ftic a limited time, certain powers for the better cahtying on trade ind > cenpmrccbetween the fabjeAtof his Maiefly'f dcmtnioQsi tidihe inhabitants of the faid United States, -w- Further continue^ April 5,

, ■ ; ‘ : ' •

;J ’1 * < • — ' • . - •* ’> ' ' • •* *• - •'

/ /* * • ; - •	-	:"* i

CAP.

Anno victfiaio qiurtb GeoROii ill; c. a 4. [»?8* CAP. XXIV.

i/flt ,/ir printing to bi\ Majefty certain rates and duties ufa bricks and tiles made in Great Qritaia; and for laying addilim • duties on bricks and tiles imported into the fame.

Mod gracious Sovereign* , .

Preamble. \Kf ywr Majefty s mod ddfifiil arid loyal fubjefts, the T V commons, of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing, by the mod eafy means, the neceffary fuppl*i to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and v* luntarily relbived to give and grant unto your Majefty the fe e*

«	ril rates and duties and fums of money herein-after mentioned;

and do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it-may be eni& ed \ and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majeftf,

.	by and with the advice and confcnt of the Idrds fpiritttll and

temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affimbW. i^rocii Sept. t, ahd by the diithbrity of the fame. That, from and after the fim $7*4, tbefol- day or September, one thodfand (Sven hundred and eighty-foar, ihalHx^^ed t^ierc b® rai^» levied, collected, and paid, throughout upon ill bricks r^e kingdom of Great Britain^ unto and for the ufe of his Mi-and tiles jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, upon all bricks and tiles made roadein Great in Great Britain,* payable and tosbe paid by the thaker oftm* thebC nufa<?urcr thereof, the rates and duties herein-after mentioned; maker there- ^hat IS to fay, of; videlicet.

For all bricks, For and upon all bricks, by wbatfoever name or names Aej as. 6 d. per now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a duty of two 4,0OO»* (hillings and fixpence for every thoufand, and fo' in proportioo for any greater or lefs quantity:	*

plain riles, - For and upon all tiles, commonly called of kndwn by the 3*. per 1000; name of Plain Tiles, a duty of three (hillings for every thouttod, and fo irt proportion for any greater or lefs quantify:

Pan er ridge For arid upon all tiles, commonly called or kno#o by tbe tiles, is. per name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, a duty of eight ftiilfirigt fot twrj 1,000*	thoufand, and fo in proportion for any greater of lefs (JtririjW:

Paving riles. For and upon ail tiles, commonly called or known by tw fmail, is. 6d, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches fquare, adwy per xoo; of one (hilling and fixpence for every hundred, and fo in pr^ portion for any greater or lefs quantity:

Pitto, large. For and upon all tiles, commonly-called or krtofrri M* 3s. per to© i nante Of Paving Tiles, exceeding ten inches fquare* a duff of three (hillings for every hundred, and fo in prbpfeftKJfr'fift greater or lefs quantity: and all otber Fo# ahd upefn all tilers, Other thait fdcH Xs ate herdn-bdott tiles, 3s. per enumerated and deferibed, by whatfoever name or namdf mch ,*0o°*	u\nt now are or hereafter may be called or known,

three (hillings for every thoufand, and fo ill proportion foffff greater or Ids quantity,

n.Anf

Digitized by Google



th

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforeiaid, That all All brick*

ftfffeAivtoly, and fhati not -have been to the duties* >urnt and finished injtlt6 kihi ot clamp Oii or before the (aid irft dav of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-bur9 mall, an<J are hereby declared to be fubjeCt ’arid liable to ^,fevera|-ai^refoeCtive duties by.thfoa# granted-	X	T	?

for the bitter aftertaimug, chargings solle fling, raififtg,

}e^i^t}nA muring, the jaid rates or duties iy this vft impofed, andr br/etymw fo therein, be iMurther enacted■ by the authodty* a^rela^ xfhat the rates or .duties by^his a£i made. payable ^Duties to be and tiles, made or manufactured in England, Wales-, finder the o^tigpn of Bfrurick upon Tweed, (hall be und^r the receipt and .™ai?aSement rn^qggcfppem of the commiflioncrs and officers of bis Mafofty’s ^i^nenof ? "n^ of excite in England for the time being; and the rates excife* by this a& made payable upon bricksand tiles in Scot- *

I ifoUj>e under the receipt and managemant of the com-iqders of excife in Scotland for the time befog, if* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, y^trom and after the (aid firft day of September, one thou- Brick or tilg 4eyeq hundred and eighty-four, all and every perfon and makers to ; n^wbatfoever,, who (had make or manufacture any^bricks-

\witbfo the kingdom of Great Bytyn, chargeable 'With bf^Krir names laid duties by this act impofed, (hall, before^hp, (he, or and places gf .

___^ (hall begin to make or manufacture any fuch bricks or abode, &c,

tilers, gfoc or leave-nqtice in writing at the offipe*o£ excifp next |*r<?re	-	*

tCK|^en]ape or places where fuch bricks or tiles are intended to * m m * be^in^pe, of their refpeCtive names and places of abode, and of.	;

the iheds, workhoufes, or other place or places where fuch bricks, ortije^are intended to be made or prepared for making;	-

and often as fuch makers or manufacturers of bricks or tike .

(Kan change their places of making, manufacturing, and pre-> paring bribes or tiles as aforeiaid, he, (he, or they, (hall give orTyyve^e ljke notice of their refpeCtive names and places-of abode, and the (beds, workhoufes, or other place or places*	**■•*

where he, (he, or they, (hall refpeCiively intend to make, ma-	%' . -

or prepare any fuch bricks or tiles as aforefaid, be- v f<£te. .they do prefume ♦ to make, manufacture, or prepare, any .	^

fuch briclcs or tiles, as aforefaid, in any fuch new or^ other: pfofC or places, :upon pain to forfeit the fum of one hundred on forfeiture P9^rva$j. for every negleCt or default in not giving fuch notice °f f^l*.,. a^wire|a‘kl,'	,	-	:

V.	Ana be it further enacted by the authority» afohqjfaid^Bricks and Th^-alL,brfoks or tiles diargf able with the faid duties by yhis tilc^aaJje, . w!»VUejL fltafl be, from tiqae to time, taken an account ^rch*J$e? ^ gei,with tKc faid duties by the proper officer of excife, toVifks proles (hail be in operation of dryfogtofidryl^ and^; emng In the field, (hed, of other plapvjoy.pjpcgs wbcf*;*b$before remor-fitme (hall be made or prepared,- atterbeiag turned out of the ed to^he ^L^XXXIV.	LI.......	*	'moulds,^-

Digitized by

Google



Penalty on obftructing officers.

Ten in every hundred to be allowed for walte, See.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. C.24. [17X4

moulds, and before removed to the kiln or clamp for7 burning; and if any maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles, or his, her, or their workmen, or other perfon or perfons, (hall mold, hinder, or obftruCt, fuch officer of excife, in taking an account of the number, kind, and qualities, of Rich bricks or tiles, in that or any other (tage of the operation of preparing, making, or fini filing fuch bricks or tiles, he, (he, or they (hall, forever; fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every officer and officers of excife (hall, and they are hereby required, in charging the duties upon bricks aod tiles as aforefaid, to allow to the refpe&ive makers or manufacturers thereof, in their returns or reports of the fevcral quantities of bricks or tiles, made by fuch refpedtive makers or manufacturers thereof, ten bricks or tiles in every hundred of fuch bricks or tiles refpeCtirely, which fuch officer or officers (hall charge upon the refpeftive makers or manufacturers thereof, when charged in the field, (hed, or other place, before burnt; which faid allowance is hereby declared to be a full compenfa* tion for all wade, Ioffes, or damages whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Makers who That if any perfon or perfons who (hall make any bricks or dies ffiall remove chargeable with the faid duties by this aCfc impofed, (hall re-

t^the kiln1*** movc» carry» or fend away> or ca°fe ot fuffer to be removed, before the	carried, or fent away* any bricks or tiles, to the kiln, clamp,

officer has	or other place for burning, from or out of the field, (hed, or

charged the other place where they (hall be firft put or placed to dry or f UrfC,t,th aU *Mirc*cn* a^tcr bein6 turnc<* out °f the mould, and before the fame, and alfo prop*1* officer of excife (hall have taken an account thereof, and 50 L1	charged the duties thereupon, he, fhe, or they, (hall forfeit the

fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles fo carried away, and being found in the poffeffion of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any perfon or perfons for the ufe of fuch brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, or the value thereof, and (hill and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety for the ufe of his Majefty, and the other moiety to the feizer or informer.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That no J)crfon or peFfons who are or.fhall be makers of bricks or tiles (hail be

to!take an ac- ^ubje<^ to penalty or forfeiture above Impofed for removing count thereof* bricks or tiles, if the proper officer of excife (hall fail to tike in account thereof, on due notice given him for that purpose three days before fuch removal.

IX.	And it is hereby further ena£ted by the authority afore* faid. That all and every perfon or peftons making any bnefa or tiles as aforefaid, fhall, from time to time, keep Rich and fo

veyed, See. by 0f the faid bricks and tHes as (hall not have be&fftrveyri e proper ot- apf{j	account of by the proper officers id that beMt

feparate. and apart'from all other bricks rand tiles which M have been fur veyed and taken an account of by fuch,officort,

pain

except where the officer

Bricks and tiles not fur-yed, Sec. i proper ficer, to be kept feparate from othere.

Digitized by

Google

1784*] Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 24.	4^7

>ain to forfeit, for every negleft or default therein, the ftun of ifty pounds.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any of the faid makers or manufafturers of bricks or penalty on ties (hall fraudulently hide or 'conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealing :oncea!ed, any bricks or tiles in any part of the operation of any bricks or preparing, making, or finifhtng the fame, with intent to de-rraud his Majefty of his juft duties thereon by this aft granted, ™deru> dehen, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall for- fraud his Ma-eit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and all uch bricks or tiles as (hall be found fo fraudulently hid or con-:ealed (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be (eized by any officer or officers of excife.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every the officers of excife (hall, at all times, be officers may permitted to enter into the fields, (beds, and other places where enter the iny bricks or tiles (hall be preparing or making, and take an fields, (heds, account of the kinds and qualities thereof, and (hall thereof ^IworVilct make a report or return to the refpeftive commiffioners of ex- are m<1icing, rife, or fuch perfons as they refpeftively (hall appoint to receive and take an the fame, leaving a true copy (if demanded) in writing of fuch account reports or charges, under his hand, with or for the faid maker t^crco^ or manufafturer of bricks or tiles; and fuch report or returh (hall be a charge upon every fuch maker or manufafturer of bricks or tiles refpeftively; and if the faid officer (hall refufe or negleft to give or leave a true copy of his report or charge at the time of taking fuch account, being demanded as aforefaid, every fuch officer, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to every fuch maker or manufafturer.

XII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of September, one Makers, every thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, all and every maker fix weeks, to and makers of bricks or tiles, whereon a duty is chargeable by f»*er, «the this aft, (hall, once in every fix weeks, make a true entry in PJj0P^trh0^e» writing at the next office of excife, of all fuch bricks and tiles bricks and

as hive been by him, her, or them, fevei'ally made within every tiles made by fuch fix weeks refpeftively; which entries (hall contain the juft themi and true kinds and quantities thereof, diftingui(hing the different forts under the reversal and refpeftive denominations aford-faid; and if fuch brickmaker or tilemaker be not the true owner rf fuch goods, or any of them, then and in every fuch cafe he, fhe, or they, in every fuch entry, fhall fpecify the names and ^lacdl of abode of the perfons who are the owners'thereof* or for whofe account they refpeftively do make the fame, on pain :o forfeit, for every riegleft of fuch entry, the fum of fifty sounds; which entry (hall be made upon the oath of the maker *r makers thereof refpeftively, or of his, her, or their chief torkman employed, fo the beft of their knowledge or belief, jftlefs he, (he, or they, be a known Quaker, and in fuch cafe He folemn affirmation of a known Quaker to the fame effeft hall be taken inftead of futh oath $ and the oaths and'affirma-

LI 2	tioos

Bat not obliged to go further than the next market town.

Duties to be paid every fix weeks.

Perfons ob-ftru&ing officers*

to forfeit 50I.

Bricks and tiles, implements, &c. li able to the duties in ar-rtar.

Bricks or tiles, for which she

Anno vicefimo quarto GeorGII III. c. 24;	£1784.

tions to verify fuch entries (hall and maybe adminiftered by the proper collector or fupervifor of the diftridt or divifion wit£ in which fuch brickmaker or tilemaker do^h inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be taken for the fame. Provided always* That no. perfon, for the making of fuch entries, oaths* or affirmations* as are lad mentioned* (hall be obliged to go or fend further than the city or market town where his or her bricks or tiles are made* or the next city or market tovi to the place of making the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the perfon or perfons who (hall make fuch bricks or tiles refpedtively, as aforefaid* (hall, from time to time, within fix weeks after he, (he, or they, (hall make, or ought to have made, fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear of all the faid duties which (hall be then due or remain unpaid for all fuch bricks or tiles as (hall have been made by him* her, or them refpedHvely, as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein* double the fum of thd fame duties whereof tta payment (hall be fo negledted; and that no fuch perfon or perfons, after fuch default in payment made, (hall deliver or an^ away* or caufe to be delivered or carried away, any fuch bricks or tiles, until he* (he, or they, have or hath paid and cleared off his, her, or their duties, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods fo delivered or carried away.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority ^fbre&id, That if any maker or manufacturer or bricks or tiles, of bis, her, or their fervants or workmen, or any other perfoh dr perfons whatfoever, (hall moleft, obflruft, or hinder, any of the faid officers in the execution of the powers or authorities given, by this adk, the offenders therein, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefafd, Thata!! bricks and tiles, and the materials* for making the fame, and

' all tools, implements, and utenfils ufed in or for making the fame, in the cuftody of any fuch makers of bricks or tiles re-fpedtively as aforefaid, or of any perfon or perfons to the ufeof or in trull for them, or any of them, (hall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties io, arrear \\nd owing by fuch makers of bricks and tiles refpeitiveiy, for any bricks or tiles made by him, her, or them^ or in his, her, or their fields, (beds, or places as aforefaid, and (frall.be aib fubjedl to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fdch perfon or perfons fo making fuch bricks or tiles as aforefaid, fof any offence againft this adt relating to the duties on filch bricks or tiles; and it (hall and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to.levy debts and penalties, and ufe fucli proceedings as be done by this adt, in relation to fuclr goods and ifriijgs, fo cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful qvtntr of the fame.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful 'to a^d for

i

Digitized by

Google

y84.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24.

489

ny pcrfon or perfons who (hall have actually paid his Majefty’s ties have beea

luties by this adt payable for any quantity of bricks or tiles J*1 ^	**

vhatfocver, and to and for any other perfon or perfons who por c

hall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any fuch quantity of bricks

>r tiles from the faid perfon or perfons who atftually paid his

tflajefty’s duties for the fame, to export fuch bricks or tiles to

ny parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, giving fuf-

icient fecurity, before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that

he particular quantity of bricks or tiles which (hall be intended

0 be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall be Ihip-

>ed and exported, and that the fame, or any part thereof, (hall

;Ot be rclanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great

Britain \ which fecurity the cuftomer or collector of the refpec-

ive port for fuch exportation is hereby dire&ed and authorized

o take in his Majefty’s name, and to his ufe.

XVII.	Provided always. That if after the (hipping &ny fuch Penalty on re-iricks or tiles to be exported as aforefaid, and the giving or ten- landing lering fuch fecuritv as aforefaid, in order to obtain the allow- Jj^edtor nee or drawback herein-after mentioned, the bricks or tiles f° exportation, hipped to be exported, or any of them, (hall be relanded in

ny part of Great Britain; that then, and in every fuch cafe,.

>ver and above the penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied nd recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the bricks and tiles which ball be landed, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled. That any perfon or Perfons ex-lerfons who (hall export any bricks or tiles to any parts beyond porting bricks he feas, (hall or may make proof upon oath, (or upon affirm- makin^^a^h tion, being Quakers), that the duty on fuch bricks or tiles {]Jat the du-lath been pdid or fecured according to this a cl (which oath or ties have been ftirmation the colleftor who received the faid duty is hereby Paid, &c. fhall equired and impowered to adminifter); and thereupon the faid

:oUe<3or for the faid duty upon bricks and tiles (hall give to the collcftorj uch perfon or perfons, gratis, a certificate or certificates, excelling the kinds and quantities of fuch bricks or tiles, and the luties paid cr fecured to be paid for the fame, purfuant to this i&; which certificate beipg produced to the cuftomer or col-which (hill be eftor of the port where the faid bricks or tiles (hall be exported, delivered to tnd oath or affirmation as aforefaid being alfo made by the ex->orter before the faid cuftomer or collector of the port (who is exportation*} -icreby alfo authorized and required to adminifter the fame with-)ut fee or charge), that the bricks or tiles fo exported are the ame mentioned in the faid certificate; then the faid cuftomer who (hall >r collector of the port where fuch bricks or tiles (hall be ex- thereupon >orted, (hall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expref- ^ orter ^ ing the true quantity of the bricks or tiles fo exported ; which debenture, fcbenture being produced to the collector appointed to receive which will in- , lie faid duties on bricks and tiles in fuch county or place where title him to a he faid bricks or tiles were exported, he (hall forthwith pay the drawback, aid duty which (hall have been received upon this a<3 to the	“

Krfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents ; and if fuch col-c$or (fiall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, tl;en

L J 3	.‘he

'

4$o	Anno	vicefimo quarto G30RGU HI. c. 24• £1784*

the faid refpedlive commiflioners of excite are hereby required to pay the faid debenture out of the duties upon brick* and tales anting by this adl; or if the duty on fuch bricks or tile*: (o exported were only fecured, and (hall remain unpaid, then the fame (hall be difcharged upon the fecurities for the time. - .

XIX.	And whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made htfert the fir ft day oj June, one thoufand [even hundred and eighty fear^

Per font ferv- by makers or manufacturers 0/bricks or tiles, for ferving other per-ing bncka or, jon5 wlth bricks or tiles to be delivered in point of time after the fad Sept. * ,tCf 784, firfi ^ °f September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, in purfuance it is hereby enadted, That the perfons ferving fuch bricks or tiles after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand levea hundred and eighty-four, in purfuance of fuch former contradb, (hall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon /uch bricks or tiles to the |^>rice thereof, and (hall be intitled, by virtue of this adt, to be paid for the Tame accordingly.

XX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefnd, That all and every the powers, diredtions, rules, penalties* for-

cftabiifhed by futures, claufes, matters and things, which in and. by an act ** mac*e m the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secood, railing and intituled. An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries recovering the and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice> and purveyance \ and duties there- for fettling a revenue upon bis Majejty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating t6 his Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided and efta-blifhed for managing, raiting, levying, collediing, mitigating cr recovering, adjudging or afeertaining, the duties thereby gamed, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provitions are made or preferibed by this adl), (hall be pradtifed, ufed, and putin execution, in and for the managing, raiting, levying, collediing, mitigating, rccovgriqgg and paying the faid duties hereby granted upon bricks and |tk& as fully and effedtually as if all and every the faid power#, rules, diredtions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters;and things, were particularly repeated in (his prefent adt.	*

XXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all tines, penalties, and forfeitures, irv relation to the faid duties by this adt impofed upon bricks and tiles made Of jOianu-fadlured in Great Britain, as aforefaid, (hall be filed, (dft.toted, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, aad fft^feods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be rtGowf^dnOrpu-tigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adti&i plaint, or information, in any. of.his MajeftyVcogrte at Wefiminjler, or in the court of feflion, court of jufticiary, or Court of exchequer in ScotlandI refpcdtively, as atWtaid v sod that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and fqrteltuflc^not oiherwife appointed by this adt), (hall be to his fvkycfiyj, hu heirs and fucceifors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame. iTS^thefol*	XXII. And it is hereby further enadted by thc authofLn

lowing addi- aforefaid. That there (hall be raifed, levied, colledted*and .jokv

o( contracts previous to June t, may add (he duties to the f rice thereof.

The powers

by granted, extended to this adt.

Penalties and forfeitures ho* to be recovered and applied.

Digitized by L,ooQle

x 7^4*] Anno viceGmb quarto GeorGII III. c. 24;	491

to and for the ufe of bis Majefty, his heirs and fucoeflors, for tional duties and upon the feveral goods herein-after mentioned, which (hall, [°eb.e from and after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven tioV^Pbricks hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this and tiles} kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all curtoms, fub- videlicet,' fidics, and duties, already impofed thereon, the feveral and re-fpedtive duties following 5 that is to fay,

- For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are, or Bricks, is. 6d, hereafter may be known, the fum of two (hillings and (ixpence per 1,000 s for every thoufand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Plain tiles, 31. name of Plain Tibs, (except gaily tiles) the fum of three (hil- Pcr *>000 i kngs for every thoufand :

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Pan tiles, 8 a. name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, the fum of eight (hillings for every per 1,000 ; thoufand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Paving tile*, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches fquare, the fum 1 *• of one (hilling and (ixpence for every hundred, containing five pcr 100 ’ (core:	,

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Ditto, large, name of Paving Tiles, above ten inches (quare, the fum of three 3»* per *°°i (hillings for every like hundred:

And for and upon all tiles, other than fuch as are herein-be- and all other fore enumerated and deferibed, by Whatfoever name or names t,lc8» 3 •• Per fuch tiles now are, or hereafter may be called or known (except ,*000# gaily tiles), the fum of three (hillings for every thoufand, and inf tbofe proportions for any greater or lets quantity.

And the faid duties (hall be alfo fubjedt and liable to an addi- Duties to be tional import or duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds i^ble to the per centum thereon, which were impofed by two feveral a&s of per cents im-parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty-fecond years of by 19 his Majefty’s reign, for granting to bis Majefty additional duties Geo. 3. c. 15; Upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the re- and 11 Gco- 3* fpe&ve eommiffioners of cuftoms and excife in Great Britain.	c* 66'

XXIII. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority •aforefaid. That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the Importation importation of fuch foreign bricks and tiles, mall be under the duties to be management and diredtion of the eommiffioners of his Majefty’s gement cuAomsin England and Scotland refpedtively, and (hall be paid 0f the com-dowto m ready money, without any difeount or dedudtion what- miflioners of foever, and (hall be drawn back upon the exportation of the cuftoms j fame goods; and the faid duties and drawbacks (hall be raifed,

'levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the fame manner and form, and under fuch reftridlions, penalties, and * forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are refpedlively raifed, le- and vied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this adt), as fully, to all intents ^and manner m the

L 1 4	purpofes,	former duties.

Digitized by Google

493	Annq	vicrfpno-quano	G&pRGiflii. c. z$.	[*784.

purposes, as if the fcveralclaufes, powenydirefitons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any aft or ads of parliament relating, there to, were particularly repeated, and again ena&ed in the bodjruf this prefent adh

,	XXIV.	And	be it further enabled by the authority aforefhid.

Duties to be That all monies arifing by and in refped of the rates and dories paid into the hereby granted and impofed, (the necedary charges of rafting exchequer. and accounting for the fame excepted), (ball, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at *te-JUr,feparate and apart from all other branches of the pnMick Application revenue} and the faid money io paid into the faid receipt'd#ex-thereof. chequer as afore faid, (hall be a fund for the payment or the fever a] annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences ax are directed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an ad of this pre-. , fent feffion of parliament, intituled, Jn a£t	{tries,

fum of money by way of annuities, and	lottery.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore (aid. Defendants That if any perfoo or perfous (hall at any time or times be fued, may plead the moleded, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or general iffue, executed in purfuance of this ad, or_of«ny.claufc, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon Otsjperfons (hall arid may plead the general iffue, and give Jthe (pecial matter in evidence for his or. their defence t and if upon thetrial a verdtd fluff pafe for the defendant or defendants,' or if the plaintiffs or ptamriffc - (hall become nonfuited, or difeonttaue his,her, or .their a&an and have or adions, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble treble cofts. cods awarded to him on- them againfe fuch plaintiff or pktioti&

’ ’ *' - • * * ' ( cap.' xxv. ..

An at1 for tie better regulation and management of the affair} ef tbe Eaft India company, and of the Britifh in IlfcKa for tjlabliftang a court of judicature for the more freedfand ,	tuol	trial of perfms acatfed offences committed in1 tie Eaft

Indies. • .......... •;	■	b.v

,. , : .... . > ,* . Preamble. . T? O R the better government and fecuritj of the fetrithrid P poffrilions of this kingdom in the Eojl Indies, he it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majedy,by and withth?; advice and con fen; of the lords, fpiritual and temporal, and comma*)*, t’ t .! u *n this, prefent parliament aflembled, and by the/apthqci^4f His Majefty the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to apd for this King’s impowered to majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, by any comipiffipn tp bfl.UJhed under the great feal of Great Britain, to nominate jad.apgotfit cUlors tobe fuch perfons, not exceeding fix in number, as his Maje%:^a(l eommiffioners think fit, being of his Majedy’s mod honourable; privy po«Kti, for the affairs of whom one of his Majedy’s principal fegrctaciPSuPh date -for of India t	the June being,-and the chancellor of theex^hequer. fertfie rime

being, (hall be two, to be, and who (hall accordingly mifiioners for the affairs of India.	„.

v, ,11. And be it further enaded by, the authority jafiupfeid, ; .........................'	That



Digitized by

Google

That any number, not lefs than three of the raid commiflion-<rs9 (hau form a board for executing the Several powers which, by this or any other aA, (hall be vefted in the commiflioners aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That the (aid fecretary of ftate, and, in his abfence, the (aid chancellor of the exchequer, and, in the abfence of both of them, the fenior of the faid other comouffioners, according to his rank in feniority of appoint* ment, /hall prelide at, and be prefident of the faid board; and that the faid commiflioners (hall have, and they are hereby invaded with, the fuperintendance and controu) over all the Bri~ tijh territorial pofleffions in the Eaft Indies, and over the affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in manner htrein-after direded.

iV. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe the members prefent at the faid board (hall at any time be equally divided in opinion, in refpeA to any matter depending before them, then, feud ist every fuch cafe, the then prefident of the faid board (hall have two voices, or the cafting vote.

V,	And be it furttar enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to time, at his and their will and pleafure, to revoke and determine the commrflion aforefaid, and from time to time to caofeany new com mi (lion or commiffions to be feated as aforefaid, for appointing any other perfect or perfons, being of his Adsjeftyh mod honourable privy council, of whom, one of his Mjyafty?s principal Secretaries of flare, and the chancellor of the exchequer, for the time being, (hall always be two, to be com-miffioners and members of the faid board, when and fe often as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall think fit, fo that the number of commiflioners therein to be named (hall in po wife exceed the aforefaid number of fix.

VI.	And be it further enaAed, That the faid board (hall be tfully authorifed and impowered, from time to time, to fuperin-

tend, dircA, and controul, all aAs, operations, and concerns, which in anywife relate to the civil or military government .or revenues of the Britijb territorial poflefiiohs in the Eajl Indies, in the manner hercin-aftef direAcd.

•VII* And be it further enaAed, That the faid fecretary of ftrttffof the time being (hall nominate and appoint fuch fecre-'tetffes, clerks, and other officers, as (hall be neceflary to attend -Upbir the feid board, who (hall be fubjeA to difoiffion at the fpledfure of the faid board; and that all proceedings whatfoever ^tobdihadbyor before the faid board (hall be entered in proper : books; and that the faid fecretaries, clerks, and other officers, (halt be paid fuch falaries as his Majefty (hall, by warrant under hisfign manual, direA.

11VIII. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That the ittemMrs of the faid board, before they (hall proceed to aA in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to them^iven by this aA, (fove only the power of adminiftcring the oath after 11 1	mentioned),

^	Digitized	by	Google

493

Three of whom (halt form aboard.

Who (hall be prefident.

Powen of the

coroauffion-

ers.

Prefident to have the eating vote.

Hit Majefty may revoke the com mi f-fion at pleafure, and appoint new commilEon-ers.

Government and revenues of the Britjfc terriforial pofleffions in India, fabfeft to the controul of the board.

Secretaries, &c. to atten4 the board, bow to be appointed and paid.

Members of the board to be ffrora.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGU III. c. 25. [1784.

mentioned), (ball feverally take and fubfcribe the following oath; (that is to fay);

Theoaib. T A. B. do faithfully promife and fwear* Thati as a commiffwmr X or member of the board for the affairs of India, / will gtve my beft advice and aJMance for the good government of the Britifh pajfef-fions in the Eait Indies; and will execute the feveral powers and trujls repofed in me* according to the beft of my Jkill and judgement* without favour or affcflion% prejudice or malice, to any perfon uAat-foever.

Secretaries,

Ac. to be fworn.

Which faid oath any two of the members of the laid board gull, and are hereby empowered to adminifter; and the (aid oath (hall be entered by the faid fecretary amongft the adfe of the board, and be duly fubferibed and attefted by the members thereof, at the time of their taking and adminiftering the lame to each other refpcftively.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral fecretaries, clerks, and other officers of the faid board, (hall aifo take and fubferihe, before the faid board, fueh oath of fecrecy and office as the faid board (hall direft.

X.	Judy for avoiding any doubt which may arif r, whether the office or place of a commifjmer of the faid board for the affairs of India, or of a fecretary to the faid board* be within any of the proviftons contained in an aft of the fixlb year of the reign of Queen Anne, m-tituUd* An aft for the fecurity ot her Majefty’s perfon and government, and of the fucceffion of the .crown of Great Britain in the Proteftant line; or whether the appointment of any futh cm* mifftoner or fecretary, being a member or members of the boufe of cm-monsy Jhall vacate his or their feat or feats in that boufe \ be it further enafted and declared. That the faid refpeftive offices,

—.—- places, or appointments of a commiflioner, or of the chief fc-

the faid board for the affairs of India9 to be made un-ry^dilgualitil der the authority of this aft, (hall not be deemed or taken to ed from being be within the intent or purview of the faid aft of ihc forth year elected mem* of Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any fueh oomoni/fioner or chief fecretary from being elefted, or fitting or voting as a member of the houfeof commons; nor (hall the appointment of any fueh commiflioner or chief fecretary, if a member or members of the faid houfe, vacate his or their feat or feats in the faid houfe; any thing contained in the faid aft of the&cth year of Qpeen Anne, or in any other aft, to the contrary not-withftanding.	.	u

XJ. Andy to the intent that the faid board may be duly infmaud of all tranfafliens of the faid company, in rtfpefl to the management their concerns in the Eaft Indies*, he it further enafted, That forni^edwith	members	of the faid board (hall, at all convenient times,

copies of, any have accefs to all papers and muniments of the faid united corn-papers be-	pany, and (hall be furnithed with fach extrafts or copies thorc-

ind^c	as	l^cy	^tom t*mc to dmc require; and that the court

pany.C01 * of direftors of the faid united company (hall, and they are hereby

6,Annae, c. 7.

Neither the com million

bers of parliament*

Members of the board to have accefs to, and to be

Digitized by Google

1784.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. C. 25.	^95

by required and directed, to deliver to the faid board copies of Court of di-aU minutes, orders, refolutions, and other proceedings, of all fea°rs t0 dc-general and fpecial courts of proprietors of the faid company, board* copies and of the faid court of directors, fo far as relate to the civil or of all minutes, military government or revenues of the Britijh territorial poflef- &c. of court* Cons in the Eaji India, within eight days after the holding of °* Pr°Prif-fuch refpeCtivc courts; and alfo copies of all difpatches which r^orTas re-the faid directors, or any committee of the laid directors, (ball ute to the receive from any of their fervants in the Eafi Indies, immediately government after the arrival thereof; and alfo copies of all letters, orders, °r revenue* and inftru&ions whatfoever, relating to the civil or military go- todafpoffi?^ vernment or revenues of the Britijh territorial pofiefiions in the fion*, &c. Eaji Indies, propofed to be fent or difpatched, by the faid court of directors, or any committee of the faid directors, to any of the fervants of the faid company in the Eaji Indies; and that and (lnit obey the faid court of directors of the faid united company (hall, and all orders re-they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and (hall be board ?e governed and bound by, fuch orders and directions as they (hall jadve°there7o. from time to time receive from the faid board, touching the civil or military government and revenues of the Britijh territo-rial poffeflions in the Eaji Indies.

XII.	And be it further enaCted, That, within fourteen days Copies of let-after the receipt of fuch copies laA*mentioned, the faid board ters, &o.tobe (hall return the fame to the faid court of directors, with their rjfu?,e<Lto approbation thereof, fubferibed by three of the members of the faid board, or their reafons at large for difapproving the fame, together with inftru&ions from the faid board to the faid court of directors in refjpeCt thereto 5 aod that the faid court of directors (hall thereupon* difpatch and fend the letters, orders, and inftruCtions, fo approved or amended, to their fervants in Indiat without further delay, unlefs, on any reprefentation made by the faid directors to the faid board, the faid board (hall direCt any alterations to be made in fuch letters, orders, or inductions; and no letters, orders, or inductions, until after fuch previous communication thereof to the faid . board, (hall at any time be fent or difpatched by the faid court of directors to the Eaji Indies, on any account or pretence whatfoever.

XI1JL And, for the readier difpateb of the civil and military concerns af the faid united company, be it further enaCted, That when- ciaufe reliever the court of directors of the faid united company (hall tive to fending negleCt to transmit to the faid board their intended difpatches dispatches to on anyftsbjeCt, within fourteen days after requifition made, itIn ia*

(hall and may be lawful to and for the faid board to prepare and iend to the directors of the Eaji India company (without waiting for the receipt of the copies of difpatches intended to be feAt by jtta faid court of directors as aforefaid) any orders or infhuCtian* to any of the governments or prefidencies aforefaid, concerning the civil or military government of the Britijh territories and pofleffiont in the Eaji Indies$ and the faid directors (hall, and they are hereby required to tranfmit difpatches in the ufual form (puriuant to the tenor of the faid orders and infractions

Digitized Google

496	Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.	[1784^

tions fo tranfmitted to them) to the refpe&iVe governments and prefidencies in India, unlefs, on any reprefentation made by the ' faid directors to the faid board, touching' fuch orders or infractions, the faid board (ball direct any alteration to be made in the fame 5 which directions the faid court of directors (hall in fuch cafe be bound to conform to.

Court of direct on»on receiving orders from the board not connected with the government and revenues of the territorial poffeffions* may appeal to bis Ma jetty in council.

Matters requiring fe-crecy may be lent by the board to the fecret committee* who fhall tranfmit their orders to India agreeable thereto.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the faid board fhall fend any orders or inftrudtions to the faid court of directors, to be by them tranfmitted to India% which, in the opinion of the (aid court of directors, (hall relate to points not connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the faid territories and poffeflions in India% then, and in any fuel* cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid court of directors to apply, by petition, to his Majefty in council, touching fuch orders and mftrudtions; and his Majefty in council (hall decide whether the fame be, or be not, connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the faid territories, and pofteflions in India; which decifion (hall be final and conclufive.

XV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted, That if the Taid board (hall be of opinion that the fubjedt matter of arty ,of their deliberations, concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negociating with any of the native princes or dates in India, (hall require fecrecy, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid board to fend fecret orderi and k inftrudhons to the fecret committee of the faid court of tfirec-tflls for the time being, who (hall thereupon, without difc1o£ ing the fame, tranfmit their orders and difpatches in the ufual form, according to the tenor of the faid orders and inftrudtions of the faid board, to the refpedtive governments and prefiden-cies m'India; and that the (aid governments and prefidendes (hall pay a faithful obedience to fuch orders and difpatches, and (hall return their anfwers to the fame, fealed (under cover) with their refpddlive feals, to the (aid fecret committee* who fhall forthwith communicate fuch anfwers to the faid board*

Directors to appoint a fe-ertt commit-t€C*

who are to tranfmit to the governments in India du-

fdicates of uch fecret orders fent them from the board, &c.

XVI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That ft (hall and may be lawful to and* for the court of directors of the faid united company for the time being, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint a fecret committee, to conlift of any number of the faid diredtors for the time' being, not exceeding three; whicli fecret committee (hall, from time to time, upon the receipt of any fuch fecret orderi* arid inftrudtions concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negociating with any of the native princes or ftates of India, from the faid commiffioners for the afftiht of Indiay as are herein before mentioned, tranfmit to the rdjfeq-^, tive governments and prefidencies in India a dapKcate* of duplicates of fuch orders and inftrudtions, together with orders' in writing, figned by them the merribers of the faid fecret cbm- . mittce, to carry the fame into execution; and 10 aH fuch* orders and inftrudtions, fo tranfmitted, the feveral governments' aVkf prefidencies in India are hereby required to pay the fame obedience

Digitized by CjOOQle

497

diencc as if fuch orders and directions had been ifliied and tranfmitted by the court of directors of the faid united company, .

XVII* Provided alfo, and be it further enadted and declared The board by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contained not to appoint (hall extend to give unto the faid board, the power of nominat- a"V ^rvant* ing or appointing any of the fervants of the faid united com- coni" pany ; any thing herein contained to the contrary nfttwith- P ny* (landing.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That as foon as the of- The firjt va-fice of any one of the counfellors of the prefidency of Fort cancy of a IVilliam in Bengal (other than the commander in chief) (hall be- ^JwSlia* come vacant, by fieath, removal, or refignation, the vacancy fo JhaU* not be happening (hall not be fupplied by the faid court of dire&ors, fupplied by but the faid fupreme government (hall from thenceforward ton- the court of fift of a governor general and three fupreme counfellors only; direftors. and that the commander in chief of the company’s forces in

India for the time being, (hall have voice and precedence in council next after the faid governor general ; any thing in any former adt of parliament contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enafled, That the government of claufe relative

the feveral prefidencies and fettlements of Fort Saint George and tothegovern-Bombay (hall, after the commencement of this a<3, confift of a went of Fort governor or prefident, and three counfellors only, of whom the	aV.

commander in chief in the faid feveral fettlements for the time ,

being (hall be one, having the like precedence in council as in the prefidency of Fort Wuliam in Bengal, unlefs the commander in chief of the,company’s force in Julia (hall happen to be prefent in either of the faid fettlements; and in fuch cafe the faid commander in chief (hall be one of the faid counfellors, in-(lead of the commander in chief of fuch fettlement; and that the faid cortunander in chief of fuch fettlement (hall during fuch time have ortly a feat, but no voice in the faid council.

XX.	And be it further enadled,,That the court of dir<<£tors Court of dl-of the faid united company (hall, within the (pace of one caJen*- rectors to ap-dar month next after the paffing of this a<3, nominate and ap- „or an/two^ point, from amongft the iervants of the faid company in India, counfellors of of any other periods, a fit and proper perfon to be the gover- Fort St. nor of the faid pre/idency or fettlement of Fort Saint George, George; aqd two other; fit and proper perfons from amongft the (aid ferr

vants in lndi<?9 Who, together with the commander in chief at Fort Saint George for the time being, (hall be the council of th£ famo.jpitGdency or fettlement; and )that the faid court of and a govern-dire^ors fliajffalfo, in like mannpr* and within the time afore- or, &c, of fait},7 hpplhat^ and appoint fit and , proper perftpns tp be the governor and council of, the faidf prefidency or fettlement of Bombay, under t he fa ore reft uQiops. as. are, ^reiurbefore provided, in refpefl^tOvthe .governor or prefidenii	of	Fort

SajhiGeorgi



1 gjm.g

it.'

XXI. And

Digitized by

Google

49$	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	GpoitGir	III.	c.	25.	[1784-

Governor ge- XXI. And be it furtheretta&ed, That m cafe the members neral. &c. to prefent at any of the boards or councils of Fort William^ Fort have the caft- Stint George, or Bombay, (hall at any time be equally divided hi ing vote, opinion in refpeft to any matter depending before them, then j and in every fuch cafe the faid governor general, or the gover- j nor or prefident, as the cafe may be, (hall have two voices, or the carting vote.

Hit Majefty, XXIf. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be by w.iting lawful to and for the King's majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs^ under hisfign by any writmg or inftrument under his or their fign manual, ^reaor^by6 counterfigned by the faid fecretary of (late, or for the court of writing under directors of the faid united company for the time being, by their ban is, writing under their hands, to remove or recal the prefent or may recal any any futurc governor general of Fort William at Bengal, or any nerahoTofher the members of the council of Fort William aforefaid, or any officer, from of the governors or presidents, and members of the councils, India.	of the prefidencies or fettlements of Fort Saint George and 2fo*r-

bay, or of any other Britijb fettlements in India* or any other perfon or perfons holding any office, employment, or commif-fion, civil or military j under the faid united company in India* for the time being; and to vacate and make void all *nd every or any appointment or appointments of any perfon or perions to any of the offices or places aforefaid ; and that all and every the powers and authorities of the refpe&ive perfons fo removed or recalled, or whofe appointment (hall be fo vacated, (hall ceafe or determine at or from fuch refpedlive time or times as in the faid writing or writings fhall be exprefied and direfied: provided always, That a duplicate or copy of every fuch writing or inftrument, under his Majefty’s fign manual, attefted by the faid fecretary of ftate for the time being, (hall, within eight days after the fame (hall be figned by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, be tranfmitted or delivered, by the faid fecretary of ftate, unto the chairman or deputy chairman for the time being of the faid united company, to the intent that the court of directors of the faid company may be apprized thereof.

How vacancies	XXIII. And be it further enaCfed, That whenever any va-

of offices in In- cancy or vacancies of the office of governor general or prefident, dia fhall be or Qf any member of the council, (hall happen in any of the fupplied. prefidencies aforefaid, either by death, refignadon, or recal, at aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the court of directors of tfee faid united company (hall proceed to nominate and appoint a fit perfon or perfons to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies fawft amongft their covenanted fervants in India, except to the office of governor general, or the office of governor or prefidenrof Fort Saint George or Bombay* or of any commander ihchief,to which feveral offices the find court of diredtor^ (hall be at liberty, if they (haft think fit, to hottfirwte artd ippoint any

other perfon or perfons refpedtrveiy.*' ............ •	■	;	*

Commanders XXIV. Provided always, andbe* it fartherenadldd' That in chief not to the faid commanders in chief, at each of the faid prefiuehcres

— rdjpec-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1784'] Anno vicefimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 25.’	499

efpe&ively, (hall in no cafe fucceed tp the office of governor fucceed *o general or prefident of Fort TVtiliam, Fort Saint George, or of the office of 3ombay^on\zfs thereunto fpecially appointed by the court of direc- g°vernor Sc* ors of the faid united company; but that in cafe of the vacancy fident at Fort >f rite faid offices of governor general or prefident refpc&ively, William, * when no perfon (hall be fpecially appointed to fucceed there- unlefsfpeci-into, the counsellor next in rank to liich commander iri chief ally appointed Itall fucceed to fuch office, and hold the fame, until feme ^rg#f e urec* >ther perfon (hall be appointed thereunto by the faid court of directors.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafled. That if directors when and fo often as the court of directors (hall not, within negledtofup-he fpace of two calendar months, to be computed from the Pty

Jay whereon the notification of the vacancy (hall have been re- ^ aTiu reived by the faid court of directors, proceed to fupply the Tame, then^and in any fuch cafe; and fo often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-reflors, to conftitute and appoint, by writing under his or their royal fign manual, (under the fame reftridtions and regulations is are herein-before provided, with refpedt to the nominations ind appointments made by the faid court of directors,) fuch perfon or perfons as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (halt hink proper to fucceed to and fupply the refpedtive office or place, offices or places, fo vacant, or from which any perfon or perfons {hall be fo recalled or removed, or whofe appointment *r appointments (hall have beta vacated and made void as iforefaid ; and that every perfon’ or perfons fo conftituted and ippointed, (hall have and be inverted with the fame powers, , privileges, and authorities, as if he or they had been nominated md appointed by the faid court of directors, * and (hall be fub-c6k to recal only by the King’s majefty, his heirs orTucceflors; iny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pire&ors may’ That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors *PP°*ac e!5n~ yf the faid united company, if they (hall fo think fit, fubje<5k to jjj th^officcs* he like limitations and reftridtions as are herein-before enadted, 0f governor efpedting the perfons qualified to be appointed members of the general or government of the refpedtive fettlements of the faid united com- prefident, fc. lany at Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, to ap- QC0°g* or point, from time to time, fit and proper perfons to fucceed, in Bombay* -:afe of vacancy, to the feveral offices of governor general or pre-

ident of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or commander in Chief >f the faid company’s forces at, any of the faid fettlements,. of member of any or the faid councils; and fuch appointments efpedtively at their pleafure again to revoke ; but that no pery ron to appointed to fucceed to any of the faid offid&s, in cafq >f vacancy, (hall be entitled to any falary, advantkjj^&r allow-ince whatloever, by reafon of ftich appointment,.urttiTfuch perrons ffcfpedHvely (hall take upon themfelves the, offices to Which :hey (hall fo refpeclively have been appointed!	'

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by thfc autnbrfry ^fore-

laid, -

SPO

Temporary

counfello?* bp* to be appointed at

Fart William Ire.

Resignation of the office of

governor general) Sec. to be in writing.

Order*, &c. of tne court of directors, approved by the board, not to he revoked by a general court.

Part of aft it Geo. 3. c. 65, repealed.

Anno vicefimo quarto Gtoaon HI. C. 25';

hid. That when and fo often as the number of

any of the faid councils of F$rt fVtUiam, Fbrt Saint-Onftp or Bombay, (hall, by death, or absence, by reafbtr df lex-nefs or otherwife, for fourteen days be reduced to two, fatdud-ing the governor general or prefident of fuch council, the per-(on Who (hall (land fenior in fuch provifional appointment is is herein-before mentioned, or in cafe there (hall be no foth *p-poimment, then the fenior civil fervant of the faid catnpaay upon the (pot, (hall be called to fuch council, and (hall hare a voice therein in like manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the court of directors of the faid company,, atiffraB hold fuch office in cafe the vacancy (hall have happened ty death, until a fucceffor thereunto (hall be appointed by the fad court of direftors; or if fuch vacancy (hall have happened^ abfcnce or ficknefs, until the return or recovery of fuch fick or abfent member; and that all perfons fo exercifing the office of a counfellor at any of the faid prefidencies (hall be imitleff^for the time he (hall fo hold the fame, to the like advantages;: is if he had been thereunto permanently appointed by the uud court of direftors.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That no refigriafibhtb

be made of the offices of the governor general, or governor or prefident of any of the fubordinate fettlements, or commander m chief, or member of the refpeftive councils of atiy of tbe faid prefidencies in India, (hall be deemed or conftrued to be legal or valid, or (hall be accepted as fuch, unlefs the-fame bf made by an inftrument in writing under the hand of the officer or perfon refigning the fame.	x

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That no order or refblu-tion of any general court of the proprietors of the faid united company (hall be available to revoke or refeind, or in any re-fpeft to affeft, any aft, order, refolution, matter, or proceeding of the (aid court of direftors, by this aft direfted or autborifea to be made or done by the faid court, after the fame (hall have been approved by the faid board, in the manner herein-before direfted 5 any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That fo much and fuch parts of an aft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign ofhis prefent Majcfty, as direfts the court of direftors ofthe'fidd united company to deliver to the commiflioners of the treafqjy, or to the high treafurer for the time being, or to one of Fit Majetl/s principal fecretaries of (late, copies of any letters or orders relating to the management of the revenues, or the jrivil and military affairs of the faid company; and alfp aHfiich powers and jmthorities given to or veiled in the proprietors 4nd direftors of, the faid united company, or in any

fecial court: thereof refpeftively, in and by any aft of parliament or charter, as are contrary or repi gnant to’ this tQ^ or any thing herein, contained, (hall be, and the fame are ki^eby fepealed; any thing contained in any aft or charter*' or jmy cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

. ■	•'	‘XXXI. And

Digitized by v^»ooQle

Anpo yrcefiqio quarto Geqrqii iH. c. 25^;	5*5,

XXXI v And be it further enaded* That the governor gene- Governor ge-' and council of. Fori William afcrfcfaid (lull have power and oeral and ' thority to (uperintcnd, controui, and dired the feveral preli- council or neks and governments now or hereafter to be ereded or efta- fort Wiliam, fliedl to &aft Indies by the faid united company, in all

points-as relate to any traofadions with the country pow- controui all or to war or peace, or to the application of the revenues or the other go-~ces of fuch prefidencies aud fettlements in time of war, or yernrnenttbe-y fuch other points as (hall, from time to time, be fpecially [oaf any ° ^ rerred by the court of diredors of the faid company to their, l ‘iip perinteadance and controui.

XXXII.	Andy in order to prevent the embarraffnent and diffi- DIre&ions re* /> which may arife from any quejih'ty whether the orders qr lativetbor-7ruffians of the governor general and council of Fort William ^ers 1 'ate,to other points than thofc aforefaid, be it further enacted, wuii^iTto hat notwithftanding any doubt which may be entertained by the other c faid prefidencies or fettlements to whom fuch orders or in- government*# udions (hall be given, refpeding the power of the governor neral and council to give fuch orders, yet the faid prefiden-zs or fettlements (hall be bound to obey fuch orders and di-<aions of the faid governor general and council in all cafe9 hateveij except only where they (hall have received pofitive ders at^d inftrudions from the faid court of diredors, or pm the fecret committee of the faid court of diredors, repug-tnt to the, orders and inftrudions of the faid governor general id council, and ilot known to the faid governor general and jujicil at the time of difpatching their orders and inftrudion?

► aforefaid; and the faid governor general and council (hall, the time of tranfmitcing all fuch order? and inftrudions, anfmit therewith the dates of, and the times of receiving, the ft difpatches, orders, and inftrudions which they have receiv-i from the court of diredors, or from the fecret committee of, le (aid court of diredors, on any of the points contained{ lerein : and the faid prefidencies and governments, in all cafes heyre they have received any orders from the faid court of di-:dor$, or from the fecret committee of the faid court of di-(

?dors, as aforefaid, which they fhall deem repugnant to the, rders of the faid governor, general and council of Fort IVilliam* nd which were not known to the faid governor general and ouncil at the tfme of difpatching their orders and inftrudions,

» aforefaid, (hall forthwith tranfmit copies of the fame, toge-, ter ,with an account of all refoiutions or orders made by them, t confeouence. thereof, to the governor general and council of %$rtjVmamy who (hall, after the receipt of the fame, difpatch tea fujrther orders and inftrudions to the laid prefidencies apdt ittlejnents as they may judge neceflary thereupon.

XXXIII,	And be it further enaded. That the governor ge-_________

eral, jjndt council of Fort IVilliam aforefaid, and the feveral (peeing the fefidents and councillors of Fort Saint George and Bombay^ (ball, confederation i their feveral and refpedive boards and councils, proceed, in buhnefs at Fie firft place, to the confideration of fuch qyeftions apd.bufi- boards^ tefs as (ball be propofed by the faid governor general or prefi- ludia.

Vol. XXXIV.	M	m	dent*

V

'Dir*£tforis re-

Governor general, See. of Port William

£D2	Anno	jkxfimo quarto GpofcOJl IH. c.	{ry?*

dents refpeAively; and when and fo often as any nAt&r or queftion (hall be propounded at any of the fald boards \ft cils, by any of the counfeHors thereof, it (hall be to the faid governor general and orefidents refpeftively, io noft-pone or adjourn the difeuflion of the matter or queftum fo propounded to a future day: provided always. That tuT ftieft adjournment (hall exceed forty-eight hours, nor (hall the ynmet or queftion fo propofed be adjourned more than twice, without the confcnt of the counfellor who originally propofttftfce lame.

XXXIV,	And whereas, te purfue febemts of conqueji and edftr fion of dominion in India, are meafures repugnant to the %tAffrytbt honour, and policy of this nation; be it therefore further dudU by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful" forth* governor general and council of Fort William aforefaid, without

not to declare the exprefs command and authority of the faid court of ttiftt-war ^gainft tors, or of the fecret committee of the faid court of anUrdin!left tors> ,n an7 (CXCCP* wkerc hoftilities havfe aSuaD/beea authoriied by commenced, or preparations actually made for the commence-the dire&ors. ment of hoftilities, againft the Britijh nation in India, or ngtoft (Exception ) fome of the princes or ftates dependant thereon, or whotc^r-ritories the faid united company (hall be at fuch time engaged by any fubfifting treaty to defend or guaranty) either to idem* war or commence hoftilities, or enter into any treaty for war, againft any of the country princes or dates in any treaty for guarantying the poflfeflions of any cc^nwyjp^y» ces or ftates; and that in fuch cafe it (hall not be lawfut l^t^e faid governor general and council to declare war or ccnnritnehce hoftilities, or enter into treaty for making war, ag^nff'aftt other prince or date than fuch as (hall be actually" commjtfing hoftilities, or making preparations as aforefaid, or to mated fcd& treaty for guarantying the pofleflions of ahy prince or fta^lk)£ upon the confideration of luch prince or ftate actually bigagihg to aflift the company againft mch hoftilities commeaced^ dr preparations made as aforefaid; and in all cafes	jj^*

tilities (hall be commenced or treaty made, the faM ’g^OTiir general and council (hall, by the moft expeditious tnCansttev can devife, communicate the fame unto the faid court' af tors, together yvith a full ftate of the information ahrf^S^BS-gence upon which they (hall have commenced fuch or made fuch treaties, and their motives and rcafohif^; Ae Arne at large.	‘	*	?

XXXV.	And be it further enaffod, That it (ftatffl lawful for the governors or prefidents, and coimfelfott Saint George and Bombay, or of any other fubordinate

............ refpe&ively,	to make or iffue any order for commen<S%ikJ

lhatl iffue any Hties, or levying war, or to negociatc or conclude "any L.-^ or<*er wale* Peace> or other treaty> w*lh any Indian prince or ftat6 /ei<-S:” except in cePr ,n ca^es fo^den emergency or imminent dalrfger, WVtti cafes of emer- it (hall appear dangerous to poftpone fuch hoftlj^es or gency) unlefs unlefs in purfuance of exprefs orders froiri the (aid	gc-

governor nera* and counc!1 of Fort William aforefaid, or from thfc *

No governor

or prefident, &c. of any fubordinate fettlement

Digitized by

Google

court

Anno	quarto GfioftGir TIF. c.25. J toj

$\firi&M8y °v. from the fecrct committee of the faid getieral, Sec. co^rt qF directors j and every fuch rreaty (hall, if poffible, con- of Fort Wil-teln iclatye for fgbjefling. the fame to the ratification of rejec- liam» or£ f.hc tipi* of the governor general and council of Fort William afore- ofdircc* ufo; ind the faid prefidents arid counfellors of the (aid prefix jdeacj^s and fcttlerfients of Fbrt Saint George and Bombay, or mhpr fubordinate fettlemeot, are hereby required to yield due cu^djence tp all fuch orders,as they (hall from time to time re-fpe&ively receive from the laid governor generaf and council of Jfyrf William aforefaid, concerning the pircraifcs.

^aX'XVL And be it further enabled. That all and fingblar Subordiitaf^ prefidents and counfellors who (hall wilfully refufe to prefidents and obedience to fuch orders and inftruftions as they (hall counfellors ttcpyc. fiom the faid .governor general and council of Fort dilobeyingthe as aforefaid, mall be liable to be fufpended from the ^/governor ^ercife of their refpedlive offices or powers, by order of the general, &c. (aid governor general and gooncil of Fort William \ and all maybeftif-every of them are hereby further required, conftantly Pended. a^dt.dillgerit^y ,to. traqfiriit to the faid governor general and They are to council of Fort William aforefaid, trufe and exaft copies of all pf Iiuat ^Wfr^.r^folutiqns, and adts in council, of their refpedtive go- fnxoancil to YOTitJieqts, orefi den cies, and councils, and alfo advice a*nd in- the faid go-jtejKgence^pf all tranfadtions and matters which (hall come to wnorgenc* Jfveir knowledge, triatcrial to be communicated to the gover- ral»&c* ii^generaj and council of Fort William aforefaid, or which the * ernor genecat ah^cpuncil (hall from time to time require,

CVTT. Ani whereas very large fumsof money an claimed to

/y Brlti(h>te fythe nabob ^Arcot, in the recovery isljxPedUnt Jhat.fi ~~



............. ,	.	A	fitch	affifiante be given them as

^. i becqnMfn t with the rights of the faid united	the	fc-

(UjAty. of toecreditors, and the honour and dignity of the faid nabob j

tfe jt enatfwf,, fThat the court of dlreftors of the faid- company'chart of <!!• 35 fjjpri as may be, take into confideration the'drigin and reftorstotake ice.pfT the faid demands, as far 'as the materials they are in into confider-Jpf (hall enable them to do* arid that they (hall give

TOih.p^ers to their prefidericies and fervants abroad for com- Britilh fub-^fe^pg the im edigation thereof, as the nature of the cafe (hall jcas on tho JMU^es_and for* eftablifhing, in concert with the faid nabob, nabob of fl^&rfohd for the difeharge of thofe debts 'which (hall appear to Arcot* due, according tp their refpedlive claims of priority, as (nail be confident with the rights of the faid united company,	\

Ae ferity oftbe creditors, and the honour and dignity of the'

v^XXXVIIL And, for fettling upon a permanent foundation tFi Ptijfht indeterminate rights and pretenfums of the nabob of Arcoc rajah of Tanjore, with refpeft to each other, be it further ^fc&cd by the authority aforefaid. That the court of direSors and alfi> tlie faid united company (hall take into their immediate con- difpuccsbe-ijj&ratfbn the laid indeterminate rights and pretenfions, and ,Wil and purfue fuch meafureS as’in their judgement and difere- rajah 0f Xanr jtipp /hall be bed calculated to afeertain and fettle the fame, ac- jore.

Mm2	cording

504	Anno	viccfimo	quarto	Georgii	III.	c.	25* [1784;

cording to the principles and thci terms arid ftipulations Contained in the treaty of one thoufand feven hundred and two, between the faid nabob and the faid^rajah.	...	-

XXXIX.	And whereas complaints have prevailed, that divers rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and ether native landholders within the Britifh territories in India, have teen unjufily depri&r ed of, or compelled to abandon and relinquifh, their rejpe&ive la*As+ jurifdictions, rights, and privileges, or that the tributes, rents, and Jervices required to be by them paid or performed for their refpeClive pojpjftons to the faid united company, are become grievous and oppref five: and whereas the principals of juftice, arid the honour of this country require that fuch complaints fhould be forthwith inquired into and fully invejligated, and if founded in truth effectually redreffid t Complaints of be it therefore enaCted, That the court of directors of the faid dart'*&cC u>n" un*te<* comPany (hall, and they are hereby accordingly requir-be^aken into forthwith to take the faid matters into their ferious confi-coniideration deration, and to adopt, take, and purfue fuch methods for en-by thedirec- quiring into the caufes, foundation, and truth of the faid com* tor*>	plaints,	and	for	obtaining	a	full and perfect knowledge of the

fame, and of all circumftances relating thereto, as the faid epurt of directors (hall think beft adapted for that purpofe ; nod grievances re- thereupon, according to the circumftances of the refpeClive cafes §reffed! " of the faid rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, to give orders and inftruCtions to the feye-ral governments and prefidencies in India, for effectually re-dreffing, in fuch manner as (hall be confident with juftice and the laws and cuftoms of the country, all injuries and wrongs which the feid rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, may have fuftained unjufily in the manner aforefaid, and for fettling and eftablifhing, upon principles of moderation and juftice, according to the laws and conftitution of India, the permanent rules by which their re* fpeCtive tributes, rents, and fervices, (hall be in future rendered and paid to the faid united company, by the faid rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, XL. And, to the end and intent that the Britifh cfiablifbmtnU its India, as well civil as military, may be regulated and improved, for the greater fccurity of the jlate, the advantage of the fervice, and the benefit of the faid united company; be it enadted by the authority All the com- af°rc&id, That the directors of the Eaft India company (hall pany’iefta- take into their immediate confideration the refpeClive eAabUfh-blifliments, ments, civil and military, of their feveral prefidencies and fct-civil or mili- tlements in India, and give fuch orders as the cafe will admit, tobeukenin- ^or cvery practicable retrenchment and reduction in the feme; to confidera- and (hall alfo require, from the faid fettlements and prefidcpcies tionbythe refpeCtively, fuch farther information as may be neceffaryto directors, who fumifh them with a knowledge of the (late of fuch eftahijfb-practicablements> together with full, minute, accurate, and particular trenchrnentt * lifts and accounts to be dated, of all the offices and employ-and reduCti- ments on the civil eftabli(hment of the faid united company in ons therein. India, and of all the forces within the feveral Britifh fettlements

. in

Digitized by Google

i7$4*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georg n III. c. 25.	505

m ’the pay or fervice of the faift united company in India, dif-tinguifhing the different bodies, nations, or people which com-j>6fe the fame, and the falaries and emoluments appertaining to aM and every of the faid offices and employments, and the pay affd emoluments of the commiflior?ed and non-commiffioned officers and private men in the army there, as well in peace as in war, together with the opinions ot the refpetfive governments arid prefidenctes, what method or fyftem can be adopted, for the better regulation as well of the faid offices and employments as of the faid forces, for retrenching unneceflary expen- y ces, and for introducing a juft and laudable ceconomy in every branch of the faid civil and military departments: and the court of dire&ors of the faid united company (hall, as foon as may be after the receipt of the faid lifts and accounts, take the fame into their confederation, and thereupon, by their order, declare what offices, places, and employments, as well civil as military, will in their judgement be adequate to the fupport of the honour and dignity of this kingdom in the Eaft Indies, and the fafety, defence, and fecurity of the Britijb poffeffions there; and make and tranfmit to the faid prefidencies and fettlements complete and perfetft lifts of the faid offices, places, and employments ; and fpecify and direct the rate and quantum of the re-fpedtive pay, falaries, and emoluments to be hereafter allowed in refpeA thereof by the faid united company, as well in peace as in war: and the faid court of directors (hall, and they are A lift of all hereby required, within fourteen days after the commencement offices, &c.

6f every feffion of parliament, to bring before the two houfes of parliament a perfeft lift of all offices, places, and employ- Ef'iffimenrs in ments, in the civil and military eftabliftiments of the faid unit- India, to be ed company in thc Eajl"Indies, with the falaries or pay, and laid before the empluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the faid iw0'houfcl °f company in refpedt thereof.	pariamen .

XLI. And be it further enabled. That until the faid feveral Reftriaion* lifts of the offices, places, and employments (hall have been on the direc-made and eftabliflied as aforefaid, the faid court of directors tort relative to fhall be, and they are hereby prohibited from appointing or fe”vanfs to" fending to India any new fervant, civil or military, under the India. dCgreCsof the refpeeftive counfellors and commanders in chief; and after fuch lifts (hall have been perfected and eftabliflied, the laid court of directors (hall in no wife appoint or fend out any greater number of perfons to be cadets or writers, or in any other capacity, than will be actually neceflary, in addition to the perfons on the fpot, to fupply and keep up the proper complement or number of officers and fervants contained in the faid lifts, according to fuch returns of vacancies as the proper officers of the faid company (hall, from time to time, tranfmit from India to the faid court of dire&ors.

XLII. And be it further enatfed, That, from and after the Regulations commencement of this a<ft, all promotions and advancements relative to of the officers and fervants of the faid united company in India,

AS well civil as military, in their refpe&ive lines or prpfeffions, jn india.

Mm?	^	under

Digitized by

$o&	Anno	viodima qtutto Geo&gu

under the degreerof the refpe&iye

ersin chief, (ball* be^made according :to fcDiorilyof aJPP^nfe merit, in a regular progreflive focceffioQ, unlefs any gfth^ (ag} governments and prcfidencies (hall, on any very urgeru.^g^ fion, by a vote in council, fee caufe to'deviate froqj faid “ neral rule hcrebydirefted to be obferved; and on every occafion the (aid government or prefidency (hall caufe aful^i perfeft entry to, be made upon their minutes of con^tgtU ipecifying all the circumftances of the cafe, and their rc^tog* and inducements at large for making filch deviation, (gnd tranfmit the fame to the faid court of dire&prs, by this fir&op* portunity that (hall occur, for their order and direction, and that all nominations and appointments to be madp,repgg^ nant or contrary to the directions of this aft, whether the faajf (hall be made by the court of directors of the faid united coq^r pany, or by any of the faid governments or prefidencies, (fare and except in cafes of urgency as aforefaid,) (hall be null and void.	J

At what age XLIII. And be it further enafted, That from and afitcr tj|ie o^cts may be pafiing of this aft, no perfou (hall be capable of a&igg, of tent to India, j^g appointed or fent out by the faid court of dht^Clpfa toj E*fl Indies* in the capacity of a writer or cadet, wbofc a&e ** be under fifteen years, or (hall exceed the age ^ twopty^tW years; and that no perfon (hall be capable *pf; being appointed or fent out in either of fuch capacities^hfe (hall have procured and left with the fccretary of :rhe ^)dL^f^|i *	company,	or of the faid court of directors, a	L	‘

age, under the hand of the minifter of the parifti in wgr1' was baptized, or keeper of tbt regiftry of jhe faipt^anj whdn no fuch regiftry (hall cxi$ or^anbe found; ar\ of that faft (hall be made bytheparty, with hj* infori and belief that his age is not Jefs. than fifteen ycar% a$ not exceed twenty-two years; and fiich affidavit i(ha)I<f^4. if the faid court of directors (hall fo think be gef^pi^j^ left with the faid fecretary in the ftead of fuph certificate^<grp-vided that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prefer^ the faid court of directors from appointing any perfpg^ jPnt&dff* dets, who (ball have aftually been one wty>U year c

amenable to juftice for all a&s done in India.

and whole age (hall not exceed, twenty.fiye jearp^ y* : *

Britt(bfubjeCls	XLIV. And he it farther enafteds That allvh)s R^^*s

fubiefts, as well fervants of the faid united cpnip^uy ^s.jG^jngfs, (hall be, and are hereby.declared to be* a menace ip atj^ggts of juftice (both in India and -Gmt Briuun\ of CDfnj>$et\^?* diftion to try offences committed in India* for a$:aftd, wrongs, opprefltoa9, trefaafles, mUdemwiors; primes, fences whatfoever, by them or anyof them ,<tope* or done or committed, in any of the Ijtnds or territqrjfs p/anr native prince or ftate, or a£ain$ thfir perfon* gr prope^ief^or

Google

i ^.‘D 'Anno vtceGmo -quarto,G*o*gu HI. c.u5.	507

he* peifons or properties of any of their fabjefts or people* in * he feme manner a* if the feme had been done or committed, within the territories direftly fubjeft to and tender the Bf itijb jbrethment in India.

XLV. And be it further coaled. That the demanding or Receiving of eeeiyirig of any fum of money* or other valuable thing, as a patents to be ;ift of prefent, or under colour thereof, whether it be for the	and

1 (e of the party receiving the feme, or for, or pretended to be p^nialed u hr, the ufe of the feid company, or of any other perfon, whom- iUcb. bever, by any Britijb fubjeft holding or exercifing any office >r-employment under his Majefty, or the faid united company n th o£afi India,(hall he deemed and taken to be extortion, ind (hall be proceeded again A and punilhed as fuch, under and >y virtue of this aft; and tire offender (hall alfo forfeit to the king’s tnajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the whole gift or pre-ent fo received, or the full value (hereof.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Court may :he court or jurifdiftion before whom every fuch offence (baU order prefcnts oc tried, (hall have full power and authority to dire# the faid t° be retum->refent or gift, or the value thereof, to be refforad to the party e * c* who gave the feme,' or to order the whole, or any part thereof, yrof any fine which the court (hall fet\ on the offender, to he paid or given to the profecutor or informer, as fuch court in its sKferetion (hall think fit.

XLVn. And be it further enafted, That fo much of the Part of aft »j tforefaid aft of the thirteenth year of the King** majefty’s reign, Ge° j* c. 6j. as (itbjefts any .perfon receiving or accepting gifts or prefents to repeakd. any penalty or forfeiture for fo doing, or as direfts that fuch gifts, prefents, penalties, or forfeitures, (hall belong to the faid ntmpany, (hall be repealed, from and after the firft day of Ja-ruary, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five: provided that no profecutions or other fuits, already commenced, or to be commenced before the firft day of January* one thoufand (even hundred and eighty«five, upon the feid aft, (hall be af-fefted by fuch repeal.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing Councilors, herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to pro- phyficians, (libit or prevent any perfon exercifing the ptofeffion of counfel- j^totedVrom lor at law, phyfician, or furgeon, or any chaplain, from ac- taking tces> :eotlng, taking, or receiving rats, - gratuities, or rewards, (bona fdrj, in the way of his profeffion only.

. XLI,X. And be it further enafted. That the wilful difobey- Difobeying ing, or the wilfully omitting to execute the orders or inftruftions the <>rdm of of the court of directors of the feid united company, by any of,he “lreaors, the bfficers or forvants of the feid united company in the India, (unlefe in cafes of neceffity, the burthen of the proof of which neceffity (hall be op the party fo difobeying or omitting to execute fuch orders and inftniftions as aforefaid), and every wilful breach of the trail and duty of any office or employment under the feid united company, by any of the officers or ferv-uu of die feid united company in the Eafi India, (hall be

M ra 4	deemed

Digitized by Google

or making any corrupt ' bargain to obtain, &c. any office under the company in India, to be punifbed as a mi (demeanor.

Company's fervants dif-sniffcd by any competent court, not to be restored, Uc.

Company's revenue officers (being Britifti bom fubje&s) to be (Worn.

The oath.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IH. c. i%. deemed and taken to be a mifdemeanor it law* and (hall k proceeded againft and punifhed as fuch by virtue of this aeGtzr' L. And be k further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the making or entering into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contra^, for the giving up, or for obminhig, or in any other manner touching or concerning the truft anduiuty of any office or employment under the (aid unitedcompatoyin the Eoft Indies, by any Briti/h fubje&s whomfoever there re-(ident, (hall be deemed and taken to be a mkdemeanor at law, and (hall be proceeded againft and profecuted as fuch by virtue of this adh

LI. And be it further enabled, That after fentence or judgement of any court having competent jurifdifhon, whether in Great Britain or in India, againft any of the faid united company’s fervants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty doe or belonging to the faid ynited company, or for any extortion or other mifdemeartor, it (hall not be lawful for the (aid united company, updn any pretence whatfoever, to rdeafe or compound fuch fentence or judgement, or to reftoreany fervant or fervants of the faid company, who (hall have been remofved or difmifled from his or their office or employment, fdroron account of milbehaviour, by the fentence of any of the faid courts.	>

LII. And, for the remedying of the abufes which have prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the faid uni tod company, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon (being a Britijb born fubjedl) who is or (hall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, controul, or receive the rents, duties, or revenues of and belonging, and due and pay-/ able to the laid united company, (hall, before Ire enters upon the collection and receipt thereof, take and fubferibe the following oath; which oath the chief juftice, or onfe of the ptufat judges or the fupreme court of judicature zt* Bengal, or the mayor or other magiftrate in any of the other preiidencks or fettlements, (hall, and is hereby authorized and commanded to adminifier; and fuch oath, fo adminiftered, (hall be recorded in the fupreme court at Calcutta, or in one of the faid provincial or mayor’s courts; (that is to fay);

I A. B. do prrniji and fwear, That I will, to the utmeft efm endeavours, well and faithfully execute and difebarge the duties if an officer of revenue, repo fid in and committed to me by the united company of merchants ofbngland trading to the Eaft Indie*; and that I will not demand, take, or accept,‘ dire ft ly or indtreftfy, by itiy-felf, or by any other perjon for my ufe or on my behalf, of or from any rajah, zemindar, talookdar, polygar, renter * ryot, or other per* Jon, paying or liable to pay any tribute, rent, or tax, to or for the ufe of the faid united company, any fum of money, or other twluaUe thing, ly way oj gift, prefent, or other wife, over and above* or dr-jides and except, the aftual tribute, rent, or tax, authorized ta be taken by and for the ufe of the fetid united company; and tbett I will

juflly

Digitized by (^.ooQle

x y84->]l Anno vlcefimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 25.	5<)gt

hmftlyaebd truly account and anfiver for tbe fame to the faid united company* -

So help me GOD.

• LIIL And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Governor ge-lawful for the governor general bf Fort William aforefaid for the neralof Fort time being, to i(Tue his warrant under his hand and feal, dire<5t- jj|£p ed to fuch peace officers and other perfons as he (hall think fit, rant for fecur-fbrfecuring and detaining in cuftody any perfon or perfons fuf- inganvperfon po%ed of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit cor- fulpe&ed of refjpondence, dangerous to the peace or fafety of the fettlement, j^i^corref-or of the Britxjb pofleflions in India % with any of the princes, poijdence, &c. rajahs, zemindars, ♦or other perfon or perfons whomfoever having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors, or prefidents ot any fa&ories eftabliflied in the Eajl Indies by any European power, contrary to the rules ahd orders of the faid company, or of the governor general and council of Fort William aforefaid ; and if, upon examination, taken upon oath, and maycoau in writing, of any perfon or perfons (other than the perfon fo mithim. fecurcd and detained) before the governor general and council of Fort William aforefaid, there (hall appear reafonable grounds for the charge, the faid governor general (hall be, and is hereby authorized and impowered to commit fuch perfon or perfons above deferrbed to fafe cuftody, and (hail within a reafonable time, not exceeding five days, caufc to be delivered to him or them the charge or accufation on which he has or they have been committed; and the parry fo confined (hall be permitted to deliver in his defence in writing, together with a lift of fuch witneflesas he (hall defire to be examined in fupport of his de-feme, who (hall be exairtined accordingly in his prefence, and their examinations takerr down in writing; and if, notwith- If the party handing fuch defence, there (hall appear to the faid governor accufed can-general and council reafonable grounds for the former proceed- JJ?^*^ujPate ing, and for continuing the confinement, the party (hall re- fhaU remain main in cuftody until he or they (hall be brought to trial in jn cuftody till India, or fent to England for that purpofe; and that all fuch trial, examinations and proceedings (hall be tranfmirted to the faid court of directors by the firft difpatches; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons are to be fent to England, the faid governor general (hill, and he is hereby required to caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be fent by the firft convenient opportunity unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be difabled by illnefs from undertaking the voyage.	*

LV7. And be it further enadted, That the feveral preftden- Prefidcnriet cits and governments of Fort Saint George and Bombay, (hall of Fort Saint have the like powers, and fubjedfc to the fame regulations and reftridfions, to fecure and detain perfons fufpetfed of any fuch ff^ar illicit correspondence as aforefaid, within their refpedtive prefi- powers, dencies andfetrlements, as are hereby given to the faid governor general and council of Fort William.

LV. Andy for the better preventingy or more eafily punijbing, the

mifconduQ

Digitized by vjOOQlC

5io

Anno vioofinao tjuatei Glte&tfH'ilft; G?s$C- [

Company’s fervantt, within two

exchequer, duplicates of an inventory of their real and perfonal eftates at the time of their arrival i

nj

mifmdult of the fervants if the/aid united etnppanfj HkjUyjt fettlements or affairs of tie [aid company in India, fy i dUf&dbyf tbeir eftates and property on their return to Great Britiinr ; vi tt further enaded, That every perfon now feeing, br Wh6 hereafter be, in the fefvice of the (aid United company rai/«^v

mon{h. r<to fh*11* '"'thinih? fP*«« tw® calendar °*oa‘^P^*»Z2^ morning to mg to Great Britain, deliver m upon oath, before the Ij^a gnja Great Britain, baron of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in EnHanJy yt inf to deliver in two 0f thc other barons of the (aid court for the tttrie b^“£ta. fp^ive^y (whichoath the laid lord chief baron, aodot^gi-rent of the rons, are hereby relpedively authorized to adminiiter);'

cates of ao exalt particular or inventory of all and ImgrilaiKthe lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, monies, fecurities for money, and other real and perforutF e$2t? and property whatfoever, as well in Europe as in Ma, or rffe-where, which fuch perfon was foiled or pofleflcd of, or Jptftlcd unto, at the time of his arrival in Great Britain, in his btfti

Sht, or which any perfon or perfons was or were feifed or pof-ed of in truft for him, or to or for his ufc or benefit, -art the time of his faid arrival in Great Britain, or at any time after, fpecifying what part thereof was not acquired, or purchased by property acquired, in confequence of his refidencc in tbe Erf Indies: and if any of the real or perfonal eftate of property of any fuch perfon mall have been conveyed, alienated, ^overfed, or otherwife difpofed of, after his laid arrival in Great Err-tain, then fuch perfon (hall alfo, in and by his laid particular or inventory, fet forth an accurate defeription andfp£ciffcatian of all fuch parts of his faid real or perfonal eftate *nd pfopqrty as fhall have been fo conveyed, transferred, or dtipbfod of^tni how, and in what manner, and to whom, and at what timet and for what price or cbnfideration, the fame (haH havebcdifo conveyed, alienated, transferred, or difpofed of, TefpcQtVdy.

LVI. And be it further enabled, That the lord chief bafto, or other barons of the faid court of exchequer, to whom any fuch particular or inventory (hall be delivered upon ootby in purfuance of this alt, (hall, as foon as conveniently am bt after the fame (hall have been received by him or them,dmvtr one of the faid duplicates to the King’s remembrancer of ffcc faid court, to be by him filed and recorded in the ftidcouftf^as a publick record; and the otheV duplicate thereof to tfce tbair-roan of the court of directors of the faid united company ibrtlje time being, to be depofited and kept amongft the puoficfc ar-

One of which duplicates to be delivered to the King’s remembrancer, and kept as a publick record; and the other to the chairman of the court of dire&ors,

for the inlpcc- chives and papers of the faid united company, for the nota-

tion of the proprietors. Complaints againft fuch inventories may be made within three yean, and proceedings had thereon*

tion and perufal of the members and proprietors of tSHtwid united company: and in cafe any complaint (hall, withinthirc years after the delivering of fuch particular or iny^ntatyibe made by the faid board for the affairs of India, ot by the court of directors of the faid united company, or by any tc$ pr moie members or proprietors of the faid company, whofo (hare or intereft in the capital ftock of the faid united company ffiall amount conjunfliyely to ten thoufand pounds at die leaft, by

memorial

Digitized by LjOOQle

7fa-] 1 AnBOvk^fifflo ^war» .GeoBGU m. c. *5.	511

aefnprifoqr petition to the faid court of exchequer, or by the notion of cbqniel in the/aid cpur(, that apy fuch particular or nveatory ls untrue, evaGve, uncertain, or infofficient, or that t doth not contain the whole account of the real and perfonal.

^ftate fold property of the ^erfqn delivering the faipe; and it . nw appear, to the httUfadion of the ihid court of exchequer,

:itheroy inifo&ion of any fuch particular or inventory, or up-in the affidavit of any credible perfon or perfons, that there is 'eafonable caufe to fulpedt that any fuch particular or inventory loth not fpecify and difclofe an account and defeription of the whole eftate and,property, as well real as perfonal, of the perron deUforing foe fame, according to the true intent and mcan-:ng of this a&j then it (hali apd may be lawful for the laid :ouit of exchequer, by their order, to caufe the perfon who (hall have delivered in fuch particular or inventory, at fuch ime or times as the faid court (ha|l for that purpofe direct, to »o before the King’s remembrancer of the laid court, or his leputy for the time being, and lx by him examined upon oath [which oath the faid remembrancer, or his deputy, is hereby mpowered and required to adqiinifter) upon foch interrogatories, touching and concerning the faid real and perfonal eftate tnd property of fuch perfon, or the difpofal thereof, as the faid :ourt (nail think meet} and the /aid court foall, if need be,

:aufo foch perfon to be attached by the lherilf, by any procefs >r warrant froip the faid court, and kept in the fafe cuftody of uch (heriff, or in fuch prifon as the faid epurt (hall dire#, until le (hall have fully anfwered the faid interrogatories, to the fatif-faiiton of the faid court,

LVII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any perfon, Perfon* male-this ad/ required to deliver duplicates of foch particular or ing default iu nventory asaforefaid, (hall negledt to deliver the fame within delivering he time herein-before for that purpofe limited, or (hall not Ikk in^etuo-uboqit to be examined, and fully anfwer any (uch interrogator nc, 0r ij> antes fs aforefaid, or if it (haU appear that he hath been guilty of (Wering inter-lhy concealment or omiffion, or untrue fpecification of any past J08at°r*5**.tJ )f his eftate or property, real qr perfonal, by (his adt diredled ^hole elt'tes :o be fet forth and fpecified in fuch particular or inventory, to both real and he amount or value of two thoufand pounds, fuch perfon, on per(bnal> >eing thereof convidted by due courfe of law, (hall forfeit all lis lauds, tenements, and hereditaments, monies, fecurities for noney, debts, goods, and chattels, and other his real and personal eftate wjhatfoevei^ and wherefoever; one moiety whereof hatl belong to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuc-reitqrs, and the other moiety thereof (hall belong to the faid mated company (fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch allowance, to per-' ons making any difeovery thereof, as herein-after is mentioned and jhall and may be recovered by the King’s cnajefty, lis heirs or focceftors, or by the faid company, by adtian of lebt, bill, plaipt, or information, wherein no eftoin, protec-ion, or ytager qf law, (bail be allowed, nor more than one im-jarlance qhd foch perfon (ball moreover fuffer imprifonment ..	.	for

5»2

Offender to be imprifoittd, ana (hall be Incapacitated.

Hot to extend to any perfon wbo (ball arrive before Jap. i, 1787.

Incafeoffick-neft of any fuch perfon, within the (aid two months.

or at the time of bis leaving India, a further time to be allowed.

Any perfon who, within force years after the delivery of any fuch inventory, (hall make difcovery, before a baron of the exchequer, of any eltate or ef-tefts conceal-' ed, (hall be ai'owed 10 per cent, of the value thereof.

Lands, tenements, &c. forfeited by virtue of this aft, to be (old by order of the court of exchequer.

, -	  -	•	,	/	t	t	•

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. C. 35.	[1784.

for fuch time as the faid court of exchequer (hall tic their dif-cretion think fit, without bail or mainprize; and fad* Jftsriba (hall be alfo incapable of ferving the faid united company in key capacity whatfoever.	T	[-

LVIIL Provided always, and be it declared and eria&ed, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to compel aoyper-fon, who (hall arrive from India in Great Britain on or before the firft day. of January, one thoufand feven hundred’ and eiehty-feven? to deliver any fuch particular or inventory as aforefaid.

LIX. And be it further enafted by* the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the ficknefs of any fuch perfon or perfons by this aft are required, within two months after their refpefttve arrival in Great Britain, to give in an inventory of their tefpec-tive effefts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any baron of the faid court of exchequer, upon proof of fuch ficknefs made to his fatisfaftion, from time to time to grant fuch further time for giving in fuch inventory, as the faid baron (hall in his dif-cretion think fit.

LX. And whereas it may happen, that perfons engaged in trait in India, may by ficknefs be obliged to leave India fo fuddenly, as to put it out of their power fo to fettle their afftiri as to be able hf give in the inventory by this all repaired within two months after their arrival; be it further enafted by the authority aforefxid. That upon proof of fuch faft, to the fatisfaftion of any baron of the court of exchequer, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid baron to grant fuch further time for delivering in fuch inventory, as the nature of the cafes refpeftively (hall to him appear to require.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That any perfon who (haB, within the fpace of three years next after the delivery of any fuch particular or inventory as aforefaid, voluntarily come before the faid lord chief baron, or any one of the barons of the faid court of exchequer, and make difeovery upon oath, of any part of the eftate or property, real or perfonal, of any perfon delivering fuch inventory, which (hall have been concealed, aad not therein or thereby, or in any fubfequ^nt examination, fpe-cified, difclofed, or deferibed, (hall, upon conviftion of the perfon who delivered fuch inventory, be allowed after the rate of ten pounds per centum, according to the value of the eftate ot effefts fo difeovered, wherefoever the fame (ball be, w Great Britain, or the Britijb territorial po lie (lions in the Ea/t/ndies; which allowance, ad valorem, (hall be paid to fuch dtfcoveiief our of the net proceeds of fuch eftate or effefts which (hall be difeovered by his means as aforefaid.

LXII. And be it further enafted. That all and every the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, monies, and other perfonal eftate, of what kind or nature foevery which (hall be forfeited and recovered, by virtue of this aft, of and from any perfon or perfons, by reafon of his or their nqgteft or

refufal to deliver any fuch particular or inventory as aforefaid,

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

1784.], Anno vlce/imo quarto Geo5Gti IIL c. 25I	£13

by tlie making of any imperfeft or untrue difclofute and dif-	'	K

coveFy of his eftatc and eflfe&s, ^according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (hall be fold and difpofed of, by the order and. authority of his Majefty’s faid court of exchequer, . and the monies therefrom arifing (hall be paid and applied, under the order and authority of the {aid court, to the ufe of the feVeral perfons intitled thereto, according to the drre&ions arid true .intent of this aft.

LrXIIL And be it'further enafted, That no perfon or *per-No officer of fbns-whatfoever, who fhall have been appointed to any civil or the company military ftation, office, or capacity whatfoever, in the Eafl In- rcturniiiV^o dits3 by the foie appointment of the faid united company, or this kingdom, who fhall have been appointed to fuch ftation, office, or capa- and refidlng city, in the fervice of the faid united company, by his Majefty, *n Europe for his heirs or fucceffors, upon the faid court of direftors negleft- rJnlcrs^itWe ing to make fuch appointment as aforefaid, fhall be capable of account of being appointed tp the fame, or any other ftation, office, or ca- his health), pacity, in the Edfl Indies, or to claim or exercife, or be capable	CiPa*

of daixping or exercifing, any power, authority, or jurifdiftion there, after he or they, having returned to this kingdom, (hall India again, have been relident therein, or in any other part of Europe, for the fpace of five years, unlefs it fhall be made appear, by the oath of credible witnefles, or other authentick teftimony, to the fatisfaftion as weH of the faid board for the affairs of India, as of the court of direftors of the fard united company, that fuch refidence in Europe was on the account of, and became aftually neceffary for, the health of fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con- Exception, ftrued to extend, to any appointment which (hall be made by the court of directors of the faid united company, with the confent and approbation of three fourths of a general court of proprietors of the faid united company, fpecially convened for that purpofe.

LXIV. And whereas it would conduce to the better government, management, and ordering of the territories, poffieffions, revenues and commerce of the faid united company, iffome more effetlual courfe than the common law bath provided were devifed, for the profecuting and bringing to fpeedy 'and condign punijhmeni perfons guilty of the crime of extortion,' and other mifdemeanors, committed in the Eaft Indies by Britifh fubjefts holding offices or employments there under his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceffors, or under the /aid united company, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall Method of and may be lawful to and for the coroner and attorney of our	yjf- --

lord the King, in the court of king’s bench, by rule of the court of king’s bench, to be obtained upon motion to be made fhall be guilty for that purpofe, at the inftance of any perfon or perfons, (and of extortion,, which rule the faid court is hereby Empowered to grant at their °r oth€r diferetion, if the magnitude and crrcurtiftances of the cafe (hall the^Ea?1^1^ appear to the faid court to render tt proper), or for his Majefty’s die*, attorney general, or for the court of direftors or court of proprietors

Digitized by Google

j?t4	Amid	vioefimo	quarto	GfcOfedit	TO.	c.	j[ty

prietors of the faid united company, in the ha^Jpf^ linked company, to exhibit in the (aid court of an information againft any fucb perfon, for any luehp^t aforefaid, committed after the firft day of March* We tha feven hundred and eighty-(fvc j whereupon the laid cbdrt^ and may, at the inftance of the profecutor, caufetheS againft whom fuch information /hall have been w&i&tT aforefaid to be attached, and may and (hall order mar 6 committed to the prifon of the Mw/bal/ea^ or t6 the to London, or to the gaol of Newgate, at the difcretibn of the! court, there to be detained until he (hall be delivered bjfdj courfe of law, or until he, together with two fufficitatTor^ (hall have entered into a recognizance unto the Jtrng^s'i^ljq his heirs and fucceflbrs, in fuch fum of money, and with f condition for his appearance, and for fatisfymg the to be pronounced in and upon fuchinformation, aslo t| court in its difcretion (ball Teem meet; and when 4^® (hall have appeared and pleaded to the faid mformatioft^^ chief juftice, of feme of tne juftices of the faW cou^ df ti^ bench, (hall, within ten days, (unlefs any Afandomt granted for the examination of witnefles as herein*ato jwfyif cd, upon a motion to be made within a time to k lima^ the faid court of king's bench for that purpofe), deltvtt cord of the faid information and plea to the Ion) high of Great Britain, or lord keeper, or lords coctmiflipiim cuftody of the great Tea! of Great Britain, who (hall thereof HTue a commiflion under the faid great feal in m&nefhA after provided.	\	\

If any perfon LXV. And be it further enafted, That if any.^b^ir.jpi accured (hail Tons againft whom any information (hall be exhibited under ^ negletf to ap- authority of this ad, (hall negleft or refufe, within

tive times as (hall be allowed to him or them for tfow pff-pofes, by the rules, or according to the difcretion of the $ court, to appear and plead not .guilty to fuch mforom^^ (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty's attorn^ ^ertJ, of other profecutor, to caufe an appearance, and theplea Utti puilty, to be entered for fuch perfon or perfons; information (hall thereupon proceed as if the partybf p#tip had appeared, and pleaded not guilty thereto*

LXVI. And be it further enafted, That ^thin day* from the fr0m the commencement of the next and every mStofevery Par^atnent* Ih* lords fpiritual and temporal	to

feffion, the 7 chufe,# nominate, and appoint, twenty-fix or more (nettben houfe of lords of their houfe * and the commons of Great 0rtt4in, iri (hall chufe by ment aflembied, forty or more members of therfa(d.horfc .of commons, to be chofen by ballot; and the fpeiker of exb their houfe, houfe refpeftively (hall caufe the lift of the faid "napiesi fo diot and the houfe en, to be tranfmitted, under their refpeftive hapd$ pnd.feah, t0 't'ic cler^ t*lc crowo in chancery, or his deputy : and tty whenever a commilfibn is to be ifluecl upder the great feal | be deUyered &reat Britain by virtue of this aft, the lifts fo returned fliall be

ddirnci

information (hall proceed iiotvnthftand-ing.

Witbin %o

Digitized by

Google

Anno vkwflmo <^rto GEORGirlJI. c. 25;	5*$

elivercclipver to, fuch three judges of the courts of king’s bench, to three pm^n pJeasY or exchequer, as the faid courts (hail for that prpofe'reIpedively appoint, one judge being nominated from {he different achof thefaid courts refpedively; and if the faid lids lhall courts, tji^alp tpore than twenty-fix members of the houfe of lords, j,forty of the houfe of commons refpedively, the faid judges WPj, vyithip three days from the receipt thereof, caufe the amifs contained in the fatid lift or lifts of either or both houfes iipedjively (as the cafe may happen) to be put into a box or oxejs, and twenty-fix narriss of the faid peers, and forty names fthe faid commons, to be publickly drawn by lot, in the pre-m$ef of thefaid judges} and that the faid three judges (hall

gw'wer and authority, and they are hereby required to give to all fuch members of the two houfes or parliament, names (hall have been fo returned, or drawn by lot as fid, and affo to his Majefty’s attorney general, or other rctfecutor, and alfo to the party accufed, as the cafe may retire/ of the tinic and place to be appointed by the faid judges dot exceeding twenty days from fuch lifts being delivered to jferf.as aforeiaid) for proceeding'in the execution of this ad j no we names of all fuch members, of either houfe of parlia- Names of the tenVirs (hall hot attend in confequence of fuch notice, (hall be members of foriforutt^d fq the fpeaker of each houfe refpedively, within either h°uj* irce days, if parliament be then fiitiug, of if not, within three whoXannot* ays'after the^ next meeting of parliament; and all fuch perfons attend, on re-rihall appear to have made default as aforefaid, (hall forfeit ceivingproper j hls Majefjy, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of five hun- notice, to be red pounds each, unlefs they (hall offer fuch excufes as (hall IheYpeaker.19

Sear, tp each houfe of parliament refpedively to be valid and Defaulter* to ci^at : and if any member of either houfe of parliament, forf«u <001. 'hole.name (Hall have been, drawn by lot in the prefence of the each, lid’judges as aforefaid, (hall have departed this life, or (hall old any civil office of profit under the crown during his Ma-ifty^s pleafure, or (hail be, or (hall have been, a member of je faid board for the affairs of India, or (hall be,, or (hall have eenY diredor of the faid company, or (hall hold, or (hall have eld, any office or employment in the fervice of the faid com-any in India, then, in each and every fuch cafe, another name iarf&e drawn out of the fame box (if any fuch name there be) lftesul of the naihe of fuch perfon.

L’jEvII. And be it further enaded, That the feniar of the The fenlor [iff'three'judged prefent at the refpedive meetings of thefaid judge prefent Jecfal cohnmiffiongrs fhall be the prefidentof fuch meeting or t^b5Pre<w*nl reetings; and. that all queftions, refolutions, and determina- . *** * before the faid fpecial commiffioners, (hall be by a majo- 6’

ons

ty of voices of the fpecial commiffioners then and there pre-rntj and if the voices (half be equal, the then prefident fhall ave a fecohd or calling voice. .

LXVIir. And be it further enaded. That the members of Twenty-fix 'it- houfe of peers hereby direded tp be named by the faid n?*?b*,X0e oufe for the purpdfes aforefaid, (hall bp cbofert, nominated, p^r,“Uhow w i	and	be chofcn.

$l6	Anno	vieeGmo	quarto	Georgii	III.	c. 2 Si! ^784*

and appointed. In the manner following; (that is to fay), That at any time within thirty days from the commencemcnr <3r the next and every future feflion of parliament, when it pear that there are fifty lords fpiritual and temporal at then prefent, the lords (hall be called; and if there are ray prefent, the lords (hall thereupon proceed to deliver irt the table lifts, each of which lifts (hall contain the names of twemK fix lords, and (hall be figned by the lord who delivers fuchlB^ which lift being delivered in, (hall be referred to a commfflte of lords to be then appointed, who (hall examine the faidHro^ and forthwith report to the houfe the name of every fuch taa whofe name (hall appear on ten fuch lifts; and If the names (b returned (hall not amount to twenty-fix at the leaft^ the lords prefent (hall be required to deliver in frefh lifts, each fift hxi-taining a number of names equal to that number by wftfcfi tbe lift returned (hall fall fhort of twenty-fix, and fo as often as the cafe (hall happen; and no lord prefent when the hoafe (hall be called over (hall depart until the faid lifts of twenty-fix:

(hall be made as aforefaid.	.	*	^	\

Manner of LXIX. And be it further enatfed, That the mertbtfrof chafing the the houfe of commons, hereby directed to be named byi^iif 4f^hbCf# boufe f°r t^ie purpofes aforefaid, (hall be chofen, nomfiiaiin, of commons. anc* aPP0,nted» in the manner following; (that is to fay), That;

at any time within thirty days from the commencement of the next and every'future feflion of parliament (and after thefpcakcr of the faid houfe (hall have taken the chair), it (hall and may be lawful for any member, after four of the clock in the afternoon, to require that the doors of the houfe (hall be locked, and that the houfe (hall be told by the fpeaker; and if itthaff appear that there are two hundred members or more thenprt-’ fent, the members of the houfe (hall thereupon proceed wHde-liver in at the table lifts, each of which lifts (hall contain tte names of forty members; which lifts being delivered in, ft*fl be referred to a committee of five members, to be then appointed, who (hall examine the faid lifts, and (halJ fofthwithiebirt to the houfe the name of every fuch member whofe name rail appear on twenty of the faid lifts; and if the names fo returned (hall not amount to forty at the leaft, thetaembers prefent ftuH be required to deliver in frefh lifts, each lift containing a niim4 ber of names equal to that number by which the lift returnee (hall fall (hort of forty, and fo as often as the cafe (hall happen; land the doors of the houfe (hall not be opened until the faid lift of forty members, or more, (hall be fully completed in manner aforefaid.

Names of per- LXX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That If Ay of fons holding the perfons named in fuch lifts (hall appear to bold any cavil offices under office of profit under the crown during his Majefty’s pleafere, during plea- or to be, or to have been, a member of the faid board ftr the fare, £c. tobe affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the Ail (truck out of company, or to hold, or to have held, any office or etppioy-tbe lift* ment ;n the fcrvic.e of the faid company in India \ the names of

Digitized by

1784.} Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. C. 25.	517

ill and every fuch perfons (hall be (truck out of the (aid lid re* turned to the houfe by the faid committee, upon fuch lid being read, over at the table.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the names of all The party to ueb members of either houfe of parliament, contained in the ^ve^Ubert1 aijl lifts of twenty-fix peers and of forty commoners, which to challenge hall have been drawn by lot in prefence of the three judges as v) peer*, and ifprefaid, as (hall perfonally appear at the time and place ap- *0 common-minted as aforefaid, (hall be put into a box, to be drawn out ert*

>y lot, in prefence of the faid judges, and of the parties, or

heir counfcl or agents; and the perfon againd whom fuch in-

ormation (hall have been exhibited as aforefaid, (hall have the

iberty, as the faid names are drawn out, to make peremptory

:hallenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty

)f the members of the houfe of commons, whofe names lhall.

wye been put into the faid box; and his Majcfty’s attorney Profecutor

reneral, or other profecutor, as the cafe may happen, (hall may alio make

have power to make challenges to any of the names which (hall c"*1,cnSe*'

ae fo drawn out, and to affign for caufe of challenge any fuch

cnatter as in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority

Dftbem, (hall appear in their diferetion fufticient to fet them

afide, for the purpofe of obtaining them equal juftice; and the The firft fear

fird/our names: of the faid peers, and likewife the firft fix names names of the

d£ the faid commoners, which (hall be drawn out after the faid	the

npmber of challenges refpeftively, or which, being drawn out, commoners,

(hall not be fo challenged, (hall be returned by the faid judges drawn out

to the lord high chancellor, who (hall caufe the names, of the after the chat.

r^d peers, and members'of the houfe of commons, together

with thofe of the faid three judges appointed as aforefaid, to be tmned'bythe

inferted in the fpecial commifiion to be iffued by virtue of this judges to the

aft; and the perfons whofe names are fo inferted in tlje com- lord chan-

mifiton (hall appear, within ten days, at the time and place to

be appointed by tho faid three judges, and take the following JhofeVth*

wtb, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords uid judges,

commiflloners of the great feal for the time being, or any one in a fpecial

Df them:	commiffion.

1A. B. do /wear, That I will well and truly try and determine, Oath to be to the heft of my judgement, the matter now to be brought before taken by the me, wording to tho tvidtnu that /ball be given.	Siffioncn?*

So help me GOD.

And in cafe the challenges (hall reduce the number of names fo drawn out to lefs than four peers and fix commoners reflectively, then and in fuch cafe the faid three judges, (hall certify the lame to the refpeftive houfes of parliament, who (hall proceed with all convenient difpatch to appoint and ballot afrelh for lifts of members to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, and afterwards to be inferted in a new commif-fion to be ifiued in the manner hereinbefore direfted; and the Vol. XXXIV,	Nn	faid

Digitized by Google

5i$	Anno vicefimo quarto Georg it III. c. 4 W*.

Their powers, faid fpecial commiflioners (hall have full powef ^HxQ^nty to hear and determine every fuett mfoftnatjon, atjfd'W nounce judgement thereon, according to the effeft of the ment of the common law, upon convidHons had and obt according to the courfe of the common law, far cxtoitroflj w other mifdemeanor; and alfo to declare the party fa convicted incapable of ferving the faid united company in anycapidty whatfoever; and that fuch judgement, to be pronounCW by the faid fpecial commiflioners as aforefaid, in and upott jbeh information, (hall be good, and effe&ual, and conclufifci to ail Their pro- intents and Jpurpofes whatfoever; and that no CtrtkrrilhSl ceedings not be granted, by any court whatfoever, for removing the jato-b° ^Ce^tT0^ cee°inSs °f the faid fpecial commiflioners on fuch inforaab y r oran. -nt0 any court whatfoever; and the proceedings of the fakHpe-cial commiflioners (hall not be impeached, or the validity thaw -queftioned, in any adtion or fuit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity whatfoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and beat further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fpecial commit-doners,* or any feven or more of them, (of whom one of the faid three judges, at the lead, (hall always be one), to hear sod determine every fuch information, and from time to time to adjourn, as they (hall think dr; and in cafe any number of the faid fpecial commiflioners (hall, before the faid commillion (ball drath^&c^be ^avc *>ec” fully executed, depart this life, or be rendered in-reduced to fix capable of adting, fo that the number of the faid fpecial coo-the commit* * miflioners (hall be reduced to fix; or if all the faid three judges (hall happen to die, or be rendered incapable of ading, win® Ithe faid commiflion (hall be depending, then, and in either of fuch cafes, and from thenceforth, the faid commiflion, ami the force and effWi thereof, (hall ceafe, and a new commiflidQ (hail be awarded for hearing the matter of fuch information far which fuch former commiflion was iflued, and the proceedings therein (hall begin de novo; fave only and except with refpeA rt the examination or depofitibn of any witnefles (if any) which tall have been taken in writing under the faid former commiffisn; which examinations or depofltions (hall and may be record and admitted ars evidence under fuch new commiflion. Commiflion- LXXIII. And be it farther enadted, That the (aid fperial ers to appoint commiflioners (hall nominate and appoint a. fit and proper per-

Seven com-miflioners to make a quorum.

When the commiflion-

(ion (hall be void, and a new one awarded.

a regifter

Subpoenas may be iflhed for the attendance of witnefiei..

fon or perfons to adfc as their regifter or regifters in the exfcto-tion of the faid commiflion; and when and fo (bon as die, (aid commiflion (hall have been fully executed, the faid cormhiffion, and the information and plea, and the judgement had therfop-on, and all the depofltions and examinations, and other proceedings concerning the premifes, (hall be delivered over bj fuch regifter or regifters unto the clerk of the crown in the coart of king’s bench, to be kept and recorded in that court.

LXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authorityaftn-faid. That fubpeenas requiring the attendance, before the fecial commiflioners to be appointed under this cf aaywk-

- atf

Digitized by

Google

i?84‘3 Aono vioe^mo quartp Geo^oii Uj. £, 25.	gip

nt£$,qi wtovefles 4s or an behalf of any perlbn or perfons ptqfe-cuted under the ^pthority of this aft, may be iffued out of the ctfWfn office of the court of king's bench; and in cafe apy wit- Non-attend-•jqfcfs, having due notice of fu^h iubpcena, (hall not attend in ancetobe (pbe^dience to fuch fubpcena, his non-ajtendance (hall be deemed ^uScmcarior* a mifijemeanpr, and fubje<$ him to be indided: and in cafe apv fuch witnefs (hall attend, but (hallrefpfe to be examined, it piall and may be lawful for the (aid fpecial commiffioners to punifii fuch witnefs by fine or imprifonroent, at their difcretion.

XXXV. And be it further eha&ed, That the faid fpecial Comroiffion-c^pirpiffioners (hall have full power and authority, by virtue of eri may fend this ad, to fend for perfons, papers, and records, apd to exa- for pcrfons, mine all yvitoefle^ who (hall come or be brought before them P3**™* ^ qpon path, tq be taken before them, and to caufe the exami- rccor s* nations of fpch witneffea, if they (hall fo think fit, to be reduced into writing, and to be figned and fubfcribed by fuch witnefles refpetfively i and if any perlbn brought before the faid an<j maycom-fpecial commiffioners (hall prevaricate in his evidence, or (hall mit prevari-otherwife mi(behave hipifclf before the faid fpecial commiflion- ?^tors tllc ers,. the faid fpecial commiffioners (hall and may, if* they (hall * ***’ c* fq1 think fit, commit fuch perfbn to the prifon of the Fleet, or thp gaoj, of Newgate, there to remain (or fuch time as the faid ff^eci^l commiffioners (hall appoint, uniefs the faid comm ifli oner* (hall order them to he rcleafed fooner, which they are hereby ijmpowered tp do j and if any fuch witnefs (hall wilfully give apy falfe evidence before the laid fpecial commiffioners, fuch wimefs (hall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and (hall and may be iodi&ed and punifhcd for the fame accordingly,

> JJ&XV I, And be it further epa<5led. That the recognizance The recogni-# entered into as aforefaid, (hall bind the property of all and zance afore-. fjpgular the.gpods and chattels, winch were the goods and chat-tel^ pf the principal party entering into fuch recognizance at the of th/jfrinct-tinri^of his entering ipto the fame, or which he (hall or may paI party at acquire ar any time afterwards, and before he (hall be difeharg- the time of ed from* fuch recognizance j and (hall al£a bind all eftaie and entering info iiUereft in all lands, tenements,, and hereditaments, whereof lhc‘ain<* c# the (aid principal party (hall be feifed or pofleffed, qr whereof qny perfon or perfons, in truft for the party fo entering into fuch recognizance (at the time of his entefing into the fame, or at any, time afterwards, and before he (hall be difeharged therefrom) (hall be feifed or poftefied,

tifcjCVn. And be it further enabled. That where the party where the againft whom fucb information (hall have been exhibited as party (hall be atorefaid fhafl be adjudged to be guilty of the crime charged in *°^nd,?ul,ry^ fuch information, and (hall be adjudged to pay a fine unto his n^afine JMLajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, that it (hall and may be law- he may beex-ful for his Majefty’s attorney general, or for the faid united aminedbyin-coxnpany, or other profecutor, to exhibit interrogatories before terrogatories the court of exchequer, for the examination of the. party ad- exchequer jigged to pay fuch fine as aforefaid, as tg his eftate and effects as t0 his eftate

N n %	fufficient	and effedts:

$20	Anno	viccfimo quarto Georgii III, c, 25,

If be (hall not (ufficient to anfwer the faor)e fine; and if the faid party xyft appear, or re- appear, or (hall refufe to anfwer to fuch interrogatories, .or fwert0&c!"he ^11 wilfully conceal any part of his eftate or effects, fhall forfeit all before declared to be bound by fuch recognizance as afora hit eftate, and or which (hall by law be liable, to be extended in (atii be committed, thereof, fuch party, on his default of appearance before court, or on his refufal to anfwer fuch interrogatories, (hall i feit to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, all and ! gular his goods and chattels, lands, tenements, and bereo meats whatfoever, and (hall be liable to be imprifoned in the

Sol of Newgate* or the tower of London* for fuch time as" the id court of exchequer fhall direct.

LXXVIII. And whereas the provi/ions made by former laws, fir the bearing and determining in England offences committed in India, have been found ineffectual* by reafon of the difficulty of proving k this kingdom matters done there; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes of informations kud or cx-hibited by virtue of this aft in the faid court of king’s bench, ^or m»demeanors or offences committed in India* it (hall and ted to the * may be lawful for bis Majefty’s faid court, upon motion to be made on behalf of his Majefty’s attorney general, or otherpro-fecutor, or of the defendant or defendants, to award a writ or writs of Mandamus* requiring the chief juftice and judges of the fupreme court at Fort IViUiam in Calcutta for the time bein^ or the judges of the mayor’s court of any of the Britijb fettkments in India* as the cafe may require, who are hereby relpedthwly authorifed and required accordingly to hold a court with all convenient fpeed tor the examination of witnefles, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in fiichformations refpe&ively; and in the mean time to caufc fuch pub-lick notice to be given of the holding the (aid court,vaitf to iffue fuch fummons or other procefs as may be requiftte forjtbe attendance of witnefles, and of the agents or counfel of all ot any of the parties respectively, and to adjourn from time to time, as occafion may require •* and fuch examination as afore-faid (hall be then and there openly and publickly taken, cm? voce* in the faid court, upon the refpedtive oaths of wrtnefc, and the oaths of fkilfui interpreters, *adminiftered according, to the forms of their feveral religions, and (hall, by fome (worn officer of fuch court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in cafe any duplicate or duplicates fhould be required by or on behalf of any of the pan£s in-terefted, and (hall be lent to his Majefty, in his court of king's bench, dofed up, and under the feals of two or more of the judges of the faid fupreme court; and one or more of the judges of the faid fupreme court (hall deliver the fame to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the fame; whichW agent or agents (or, in cafe of his or their death, the perfon into whofe hands the fame (hall come) (hall deliver the fame to one of the clerks in court of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, in the publick office, and make oath that he received the fame from

the

Depofitions of witnefles

court of king's bench, may be read before the fperial com-miflioners, and (hall be deemed com petent evidence*

Digitized by Google

I

1784.3	Anna viccfimo quarto GboRGH III. C. 2^	$21

the hands of one or more of the judges of fuch court in India (or in what manner the fame came into his hands), and that Che fame has not been opened or altered fince he fo received it,

(which (aid oath fuch clerk in court is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) ; and fuch depofitions, being duly taken iinq returned, according to the true intent and meaning of this &(5t, Ihall be allowed and read before the faid fpecial coramif-liqners, and (hall be deemed as good and competent evidence * as if fuch witnefs had been prefent, and fworn and examined vtya voce, at any trial before the faid Jjpecial commiffioners, for Aich crimes or piifdemeanors as aforelaid, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and all parties concerned (hall be entitled to take copies of fuch depofitions at their own colls and charges; and the chief juftice of the faid court of king’s Chief juftice bench, or one of the judges of the faid court, (halj, with all ^ king’s ddnvenieht fpeed after fuch depofition (hall have been fo receiv- the t0 cd, together with the faid information and plea, caufe the fame depofition,&c. to be delivered over to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, to the lord T or lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great chancellor. Britain, who (hall thereupon i(Tue the commiffion under the great feal, ih the manner by this aft directed.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted.

That nojnformation, or plea, or depofition, which by this aft Reftrifticm at Is dJreftcd to be delivered over by the chief juftice of the court to the delivery ' bfkin^s bench, or one of the judges of the faid court, to the thcreot* toro high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners for fht cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain, (hall be fo delivered over, at any other tithe than during fome one of the three tifUal and accuftomed terms herein-after mentioned ; that is to ^ hy. Hilary term, Eafier term, or Michaelmas term.

, LXXX. And* in order to promote the ends of juftice in after tain-bsg fails committed at fo great a difiance from this country, by fitch evidence as the nature of the cafe will render practicable $ be it further enafted, That in all proceedings upon fuch information as Writings re-afbrefaid, as well the depofitions taken under fuch eommiflkm ceived by the or commiffions, after the publication thereof, as alfo all writ-	di-

Ings which (hall have been tranfmitted from the Eaji Indies to indu^* and1 the court of direftors of the faid united company, by their offi- copies of cers or fervants refident in the Eafi Indies, in the ufiial coorfe witings fent of their correfpondence with the faid court of direftors, and }£**£** topics of all writings which (hall have been tranfmitted by the i^nts^erel faid court of direftors, or by any committee thereof, to the offi- relative to the cers and fervints of the faid united company refident in the charge in the Baft Indies, and which in any manner relate to the fubjeft mat- information, ter of the charge to be contained in fuch information, or to the	by

defence to be made thereto, may be admitted by the faid com- the commit miffioners to be offered in evidence, and (hall not be deemed fioneri aseyi-inadmiffible or incompetent, unlefs upon objeftions anting from dsnet. the nature of the contents of the faid writings; fubjeft never-thelefs to be impeached, in point of credibility, by (uch obfer-yations and objeftions as the nature of fuch evidence^ or other

N n 3	circum-

Digitized by Google

522	Anno	vicefimo	quarto GeorgU III. c. 26.	[i^

circumftances, may fuggeft; any rule of the commbn latf 16 the contrary notwithftanding.

Court of LXXXI. And be it further ena&cd, That the Tat3 court cf king*! bench king’s bench fhafl have power and authority, at the prayer of of theProfc-	Maiefty’s attorney general, or other profccutor, or tf the

cutor, %c. * Party	whom luch information (hall be exhibited, to or*

may order an der an examination de bene ejfey of witnefles, opon interropto-examination ries to be had and taken before an examiner to beby thah ip-up^Tnterro- P°*ntc<* f°r that purpofe, or by commiflion, as the cafe did gatorie*,&c. require, and to caufc the depofitions of fuch witnefles to k *" * publithed, when the fame (hall appear to them €0 be pfoperaoi neceflary; and which depofitions (haH be afterwards admhtdl to be read in evidence before the /aid commiffioners, and OuH be deemed good and fufficient evidence in the law as aforefaid; raving all juft exceptions to be taken to fuch depofitions, wheq the fame (hall be offered to be read as aforefaid.

LXXX11. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-{.imitation of fs*id, That no profecution m confequence of this ad (haH be profccutions. commenced, unlefs within the fpace of three years after the return of the party profecuted into Greet Britain, or within three years after the delivery of the inventory or particular required by this ad.

Not totted- LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no-

the claims re- thing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend)

fpeding the to prejudice or affed the rights or claims of the publick, or the

ter.^?r‘al ac* faid united company, refpeding the (aid territorial acquifitions qui 1 ion*. an(j revcnues#

Commence- LXXXI V. And be it further enaded. That this aft Hull tnentofthis take place and have commencement, in Great Britainy inane* ' diatcly after the fame (hall have received his Majeft/s royal af* fent; and (hall take place aqd have commencement, in the fe-vcral prefidencies aforefaid, and in the territories thereunto belonging, from the fir ft day of January, one thou (and feven hundred and eighty-five.

Publldc ad. LXXXV. And fie it further enaded, That this aft Hull, , and (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad.

CAP, XXVI.

Preamble. Recital of 10 Geo. j. c. 41.

An aH to repeal fo much of two afl$> made in the tenth and fifteenth yean of the reign of his prefent Majtjly, as authorizes thefptdtr of the houfe of commons to ijfue bis warrant so the clerk ef the crown for making out writs for the election of members to ferve in parliament, in the manner therein mentioned i and for fuijtiteetinz ether prcvifms for the like purpofes.

WHEREAS by an alJy made in the tenth year of the trip of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to enable the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to iffue h*s warrants fo make out new writs for the choice of members to ferve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as (hall die during the rccefsot •	- w..................... parlia-

*	Google

1784-] Anno viceftmo quarto Gborgii III. c. 26.	523

parliament; and alfo by another aft pajfed in the fifteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, for explaining and amending and 15 Geo. the laid ad^, and for enabling the fpeaker of the houfe of com* 3, c. 36. xnons to make oat new writs for the choice of members to Serve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as (hall, daring the recefs of parliament, become peers of Great Britain, and hie fummoned to parliament, and for other the purpofes therein men* tioned; feveral provifions were made for enabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to iffiu his warrants to the tUrk of the crown to make out new writs for elefting members of the houfe of commons, in the room of fuch members as Jhould happen to die, or become peers of Great Britain* at the times, in the manner, and under the re ftriftions in the fa idfeveral afts mentioned: andwhereasthe faidafts have been found highly advantageous to the publick, by caufing fpcedy eleftions tf members of the houfe of commons, and it is therefore expedient that the provifions therein contained Jhould be further extended, and freed from certain of the refiriftions in the faid afts particularly fpecified, and alfo that fome further provifions Jhould be made for tarrying the faid powers into execution, in the cafes of the death of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, or of his feat in parliament becoming vacant, or of his abfence out of the realm; and it would be s alfo convenient that the provifions contained in the faid two feveral afts of,parliament, and of this aft, Jhould be reduced into one aft of parliament, and I bat, for that purpofe, thoje .provifions contained in the faid two feveral afts Jhould be repealed; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod bxdelfent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the patting of this adt, the The recited (aid adt, palled in the tenth year of the . reign of his prefent attof 10 Geo. Majefly, and alfo fo much of the faid adf, patted in the fif- repealed i teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as enables the ^Geo^? fpeaker of the houfe of commons to iflue his warrants to make c. 36. out new writs for the eledtiori of members to ferve in parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it enadted. That, from and after the patting of Speaker to this adt, it (hall and may be lawful for the fpeaker of the houfe *“ue ,far* of commons for the time being, during any recefs of the faid	a

houfe, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby making out required to iflue his warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make writs for elec-out a new writ for eledting a member of the houfe of commons mem-in the room of any member of the faid houfe who (hall happen to ® J^0fe die, or who (hall become a peer of Great Britain, either during wh0 (hall die, the faid recefe, or previous thereto, as (bon as he (hall receive or become notice, by a certificate, under the bonds of two members of the peer* of Great houfe of cbmmons, of the death of fuch member, in the firft BrUain* cafe; and in the fecond cafe, that a writ of fummons hath been jflued, under the great feal of Great Britain, to fummon fuch peer to parliament; which certificate may be in the form, or to the effedt, comprized in the fchcdule hereunto annexed.

N n 4	III. Pro-

Digitized by Google

SH

Certificate* of vacaocief tq be mrijfied in the Gazette*

Certain re. ftri&ion* on the fpeaker relative to iiTuing hi* warrant.

Speaker to authorife a certain number of member* of the houfe of commons to execute the powers given to him by this a 6h

Anno vioefimo quarto GfcORGiiJlI, e.^6A [£jA£>

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That fth& of the houfe of commons (hall forthwikh^afepr tusre fuch certificate, caufe notice thereof to be infected in thc ,

Gazette, and (hall not iffue his warrant until fourteen after the infertion of fuch notice in the Gazette* -• -vt

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein coataH>ed'ihfr!L«*fr:

tend to enable the fpeaker of the houfe of cotnmops t&HTafclib warrant for the purpofes aforefaid, unlefs the return^ tof Ar writ (by virtue of which fuch member deceafed, or beboihe4 peer of Great Britain, was elected) (hall have been broughjtirf* to the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the hatt before the end of the lad fitting of the houfe of conmons mediately preceding the time when fuch applicariof* (haH kb made to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to tffiae~ ~ warrant as aforefaid; nor unlefs fuch application (hall ‘ fo long before the then next meeting of the houfe of coml for the difpatch of bufinefs, as that the writ for tbe<dedkvi may be iflued before the day of fuch next meeting of fbeiJiMfc of commons; nor in cafe fuch application (hall be uiade.wrifli refpeft to any feat in the houfe of commons which (httt. fane been vacated in either of the methods before meationed»by4afc member of that houfe againft whofe election or return toferw in parliament a petition was depending, at the timpof the then lift prorogation of parliament, or adjournment of tho bbufir ofJ commons.	t	.	:	;

V.	And whereas the due execution of this 'aft may he preven&dar impeded by the death of the jpeahtr of the houfe of coenm** for .ibc time being, or by his feat in parliament becoming vacant* or by Me abfepce out of the realm, for which imonven'uncies it is expedient Or provide a remedy; be it therefore enaited by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the prefent fpeaker of the hpufe of commons, and he is hereby required, within a convenient time after the patting of this a<5t, and for every ferae * fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and he is hereby

within a convenient time after he (hall be in'that office, at the beginning of any parliament, by any irtftroment in writing under his hand and feai, to nominate and appoint a certain number of perfons, not more than feven, nor lefs than three, members of the houfe of commons at the time being, thereby authorizing them, or any one of them, to execute aliatnd gular the powers given to the (peaker of the houfe'of commons for the time being, for ittuing fuch warrants as faid, by virtue of this aa, fubje<51 nevertbelefs to fuch re tions and exceptions as are herein alfo contained; which in-flrument of appointment and authority (hall, notwithftandidg the death of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons making and executing the fame, or the vacating his feat in parliament, continue and remain in full force until the diflolutipn of tbc parliament in which it (hall be made.

* VI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That whenever and

Digitized by

Google

Arino vicefimaquarto Gborqii II!. c. 26.	$25

as .often as the* (aid number of perfons, fo to be appointed as When fuch aforefaid, (hall, by death, or by their feats in parliament being number (ball vacated, happen to be reduced to lefs than three, it (hall ana J>V2?ucedto maybe lawful for the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the “Kw time being to make a new appointment in the manner herein- appointment before directed.	tone made.

VJI, Provided alfo, That every fuch appointment (hall be Appoint-entered in the journals of the houfe of commons, and be alfo menu to be publilhed once in the London Gazettei and the inftrument of entered in the fuch.appointment (hall be preferved by the clerk of the houfe of journal* of the commons, and a duplicate thereof (hall be filed in the office of publidtell in thoclerk of the crown in chancery.	the Gazette.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained |n what cafes (haU extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any power or only fuch pcr-aushority whatfoever to any perfon fo to be nominated and ap- fon*ai*,*m* pointed as aforefaid, except in the cafe of there being no P°wered t0 fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or of his being abfent out of the realm, nor for any longer time than fuch perfon, fo to be ^appointed as aforefaid, (hall continue a member of the houfe of commons; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-witbAanding.

IXv And be it enabled. That the publifher of the Gazette Publiiherof for die time being, when any fiich notice as aforefaid of the the Gazette to [(firing of any fuch warrant (hall be brought to him, figned by 8i?e receipts any perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall give a receipt for the for n#t,ces* fame, fpecifying'the day and hour when the fame was received} .. and in cafe more than one fuch notice (hall be brought to him, relative to the fame eleftion, fuch publifher (hall infert in the Gazette only the notice firft received.

SCHEDULE.

WE	whofe names are	underwrittenbeing two members of the

houfe of commons, do hereby eertijy. That M. P. late a member	eftbefaid houfe, ferving as one of the knights of tho	for

the	county of [or as the cafe may be] died upon the .

day of	[or	is	become	a peer Great Britain, and that a

writ of fummops hath been iffued, under the great feal of Great Britain, to	fummon him to	parliamen,] [as the cafe may be j]

and We give' you this notice, to the intent that you may your warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make out a new writ for the election of a knight to fcrve in parliament for the Laid county of [or as the cafe'may bej in the room faid M. P, Given under our bands, this	day of

To the fpeaker of the houfe of commons.

Vote, That in cafe there /hall be no	of the houfe of commons,

or of bis abfence out of the realm, fuch certificate may be. addre/Jbd to any One of the perfons appointed according to the directions of this ait.

Digitized by

CAP.

Cjaogle

526

Preamble*

From Sept* 4, 17849 an additional weekly duty of ca. to be paid for all hackney coach licences.

Duty to be paid monthly.

1

Provifigns of former a&s relative to levying the duty, &c. extended to this

X-icences to be granted in future under payment of 10 s. weekly teat.

Anno vlccfimo quarto GftMtojj KL [rj^ CAP. XXVII,

An aft for laying an additional duty on hatbiey tooths; ml fir ns plaining and amending feveral affs of parliament ft backney coaches.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE* your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, d* commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembHt* wards railing, by the moft eafy means, the neceflary iuppBesJi defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely tod voto tarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the addhi> nal duty hercin-after mentioned j and do moft humbly bcfack your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaM by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by then-thority of the fame. That, from and after the fourth day d September.•, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, then (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and ior th ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceuors, from all and enry perfon or perrons now licenfed, or hereafter to be ficeofcd, in drive or keep a hackney coach, or coach holies, within (beetles of London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs of the lame, a within the parifhes comprized within the weekly bills of mem* lity, the further or additional weekly duty or (am of five M* ings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for each and every fuch coach fo licenfed ; to be paid monthly from the laid ford day of September, one thoufond feven hundred and cighty-foar, without any dedu&ion or abatement for any matter, caufc, « thing whatfoever: And that all powers, provifod, article:, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters d things, preferihed or appointed by any former aft or aft * parliament relating to fuch hackney coaches, or the owdhv renters, or drivers thereof, (hall be of full force and effiaS skfi relation to the additional weekly duty or fura hereby iropA and (hall be applied and put in execution for the rating toy* ing, colleifting, and fecuring, the faid additional weekly dif hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning* this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the forte M feverally and refpedtively been hereby ena&ed with relatiooP the faid additional weekly duty hereby impofed.	J

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, W when any of the licences already granted to hackney, coihfflH (hall, by death, refignation, or otherwife, become void, it$ and may be lawful for the cotnmiflioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, or any three of theas* grant fuch licences anew to any perfon or perfons, under p? fnent as well of the weekly rent of five (hillings, seferved fuch licences, as of the faid additional weekly rent, *

'	ft

Digitized by LjOOQle

^84-1 Anno vicdimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27,	527

ith fuch covenants, conditions, and provifoes, therein to be rferted, for the more effectual payment thereof, as the faid )fn*nifiiort«rs, in their difcretion, (hall think fit.

Ill* And whereas it frequently happens that the owners of hack* fry coach licences negleft of rtfufe to attend the faid commijfioners nth bis9 her, or their drivers, be it further enacted by the uthority afore faid, That if the owner of any fuch licenfed coach ff'°"nen °f lall negledfc or refufe to appear before the faid commiflioners, cmhcfneg-pm any complaint exhibited before them, and with his pro- lea to appear er driver, upon the third fummons left at the ufual place of before the bode of fuch owner entered with the faid commiflioners, h commiffioners lall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, upon fuch	K

egle£fc or refofal of appearance of the faid owner, to revoke their licences uch hackney coach licence, and to iicenfe another perfon in may be rc-he room of fuch owner.	voked.

IV.	And whereas by an 0#, made in the ninth year of the reign Recital of fher late majefy £>ueen Anne, (intituled, An a£t for licenfing nd regulating hackney Coaches and chairs; and for charging * ertain new duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper* nd on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for 'reland; and for fecuring^ thereby, and by a weekly payment ►at of the pod office, and by feveral duties on hides and (kins,

1 yearly fond of one hundred eighty-fix thoufand fix hundred ind feventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the atisfa&ion of fuch orders as are therein mentioned, to the con-ribtitbrs of any fum not exceeding two million?, to be raifed or carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions;} wd by anothor aft, made in the/eventh year of his prefent Majefty s reign, \intituled, An adt for altering the damp duties upon po- and 7 Geo. 3, icies of aflurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made c. 44. n refpedt of the prompt payment of the damp duties on licen-:es for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for ntplaining and amending feveral adfs of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs;) the feveral fares or rates to be taken by backncy coachmen, tkeir renters or drivers, are enumerated and fet down : and whereas, the better to enable fucb hackney ioatbtoen, and their renter;, to pay fuch additional rent or impojl, it ♦ is thought expedient, that the perfons already licenfed, or hereajter to be licenfed, to drive or keep fuch hackney coaches, Jhould have, take, and rcce\ve, for their hire, at and after the rates kerein-after mentioned;

it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, Part of the From and after the fourth day of September, one thoufand feven recited afts hundred and eighty-four, fo much of the faid adt of the ninth year rePcalcd* if the feign of her faid late majedy Queen Anne, and alfo fo much if the faid adt of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Ma-fefty, as appoints or enumerates the fares or rates to be taken )y hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers, (hall, from the ‘aid fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ?ighty-four, be, and the fame are hereby repealed: and that. From Sep*. 4, From and after the faid fourth day of September, one thoufand 1784,hackney £ven hundred and eighty-four, every perfon who is or (hall be coachmen in-

> ilicenfed tK eJ l"lbe

Digitized by VjOOQLC

5*8

following farei; videlicet.

Anno vicefimo quarto GecJRGII IIL c.2^1

licenfed by the faid commiflioners, or the t^ajar 'pin' to drive, keep, and let to hire, by the hour ot d^y, or=''“: any hackney coach, with horfes and geldings, ,otaT' the cities of London and JV(JlminJiert or the fuburb* t v or within the parifhes or places comprifed Within bills of mortality, or any other place or pla«s,Whd&d| any of the laws now in being, fuch hackney cohpiiii ‘m to pellable to go, or any perfon legally filing under ’Qlch licefilS perfon, (hall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, attd al% for the hire of any fuch hackney coach, the rates iol fott herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay:)	1	’'

<**• and For every diftance within and not exceeding one toft ^ a half, i s. four furlongs, the fum of twelve pence:	'

Not exceeding	Ant] for every further diftance within and not exceeding (w

ss°6d! *** furlongs, (computed as beyond the laid firft mentioneddifcntt of one mile and four furlongs,) the fum of fixperice:

And to m- And in like manner for any further diftance, within ajri aot» for every half ceeding four furlongs beyond the faid fecond diftance,,(he fit mile. 1 fum offtxpence; and fo in like manner the fum offixpdkcfr every further diftance, within and not exceeding four furloap. to be computed through the whole diftance which fuphwc (hall be driven or go.

For the firft And as refpe&ing the time during which fuch coach Wh hour, i s..fid. employed, for the firft period of time, not exccedingpsctar, the fum of one (hilling and ftxpence:

, And for every And for any time within and not exceeding an hour, to V ^our after, is. compUtc<j frotn tj,e expiration of the faid firft hour,! the

one (hilling and ftxpence; and in like manner for tpj tiia within and not exceeding an hour, the further film of tm Ruling and ftxpencey to be computed through the wholeunxluring which fuch coach (hall be engaged or employed;

For a day of And for a day’s work or hire, reckoning twelve hoist to W id*10*1”" *+S*	^'e	^um	fourteen (hillings and ftxpence;

A"jfr0„„„ And for any time exceeding the faid twelve hours, at aad hour exceed-1' a^ter ^ie rate one	and	fixpence for the fixft penod a

ing ia, 11.6d. time, not exceeding one hour, to be computed from the end i the faid twelve hours; and for any time within and pot matting an hour, to be computed from the expiration of the H firft hour after the faid twelve hours, the fum of one 8uRn and fixpence; and in like manner for any time within and W i	exceeding	an	hour,	the	further	fum of one (hilling and fixpw

to be computed through the whole time during which lid coach fliall be engaged or employed exceeding the (aid rad* hours.

•	V

The new fare* V. And be it further enabled by the authority afatU to be recover- That the faid feveral rates and fares for hire, bereia-btB' «d in the fame mentioned, (hall and may be recovered in the like manna'

u	i*

Digitized by

Google

manner as the

529

digri ^pf her 'feia iate majefty Queen Anne, or by any other aft former ones, r a£tsof Darlfadient are by Jaw recoverable.

Vir.A^lie it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, P«rfons taking rbaV tfie perfons now licertfed, or hereafter to belicenfed, (hall ™n<£sTobe ?£ fut&eft aftd liable to all the orders, rules, regulations, bye- fubjert to the penalties, matters, and things, as are, or at any time fame orders, i^etofore have been lawfully prefcribed in relation to any per-pn$Ticenfed to keep or drive hackney coaches, and the renters *• heretofore# >t fucb licences, and drivers of fuch coaches, before the making Exccpt !>f tins prcfent aft, (except fuch parts thereof as are hereby re- p 1

V U. And whereas a doubt has ari/en whether, under and by vir- Recital of a tue of a claufe in an aft made in theJirJi year of the reign of his late claufe in aft majefty King George the Firjl, (intituled, An aft for better regu- 1 l*c# lating hackney coaches, carts, drays, cars, and waggons, within 5'* the cities of London and JVeJlminJler, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for preventing miichiefs occafioned by the drivers ridingupon fuch carts, drays, cars, and waggons,) any per-fan driving a mourning coach or hearfe to a funeral within the cities ^London or Weftminfter, or the fuburbs of the fame, or within the parijhes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, are jfktyefl and liable to the penalties and forfeitures created by any of the Status now in being for keeping or driving a hackney coach or loach horfes for hire, without a licence Jrom the faid commijjioners; be it further enafted by the authority aforcfaid, Thar, from and after the faid From 4* fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- jTjf*dVivm^a* foul1,If any perfon (hall drive a mourning coach or hearfe to any m0urning5 * fipneral within the cities of London or JVeJlminJler, or the fuburbs coach or _

Of tnt fame, or within five miles of Temple-bar in the faid city of hearfe, within JLiftdon, except the fame (hall have a number fixed on the fore- x^mple-bar ftandard of fuch mourning coach or hearfe, (hewing it to be a without"a f lyfehfed coach or hearfe let to hire, and information (hall be given number proto the faid commiflioners of fuch faft, it (hall and may be law- P«riy ful for the faid commiflioners to fuihmon the party driving fuch ^ihboming coach or hearfe before them, andj on default of fuch before the party appearing on fuch fummons before the faid commiflion- commiflion* efs, the faid commiflioners are hereby impowered to proceed «*• and fined agiinfthim, her, or them 5 and although no exprefs hiring (hall $*•	/

w pfoved, it (hall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, i&ld'the party offending (hall forfeit for fuch offence the fum of pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch and the fame ;*# er as by any of the laws now in being arc direfted con-' certiing the penalty or forfeiture for driving an hackney coach r’fti^falre without licence.

/; vui f And whereas great in conveniences lave arifcn from the / regular behaviour of carmen, draymen, and other perfons driving carts, drays, and other fuch carriages, within the cities of London, aqd JVeJlminJler, and fuburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark, inti Other flreets, highways, and places thereto near adjoining, bf

pealed.)

53°	Anno	vkcfipao	quarto.QEORGH	IflL

the faid flreets and highways*	committing fthfr.	p[i

like kind: and whereas a doubt has arifen whether^	3

wr/a/ 0/ <wy ^ the laws now in being, the owners efimevi cars* drays, or other fuch carriages, belonging to ptrfint ref^n^ of the bills of mortality although within the adjoining places ’tyii faid r/V/'/j o/London or Weftminfter W borough y§ou& wark, ought to enter their names and places of abode with tkijsn miff oners fir licenfing hackney coaches \ be it farther	t

From$cp.t. 4* the authority aforefaid, That* from and after the fdUrth tjayfi

1784.. no per- September, one thoufand feven hundred and eigbty-foijr, $

arT ca^t dra^ Per^on or PerMs whatfoever fhall drive any cart, car, irar4o

fc. withinrfive ot^er fuch carriage, within the faid cities of London or Jmm

miles of Tem- for* and fuburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark* and 6tk

pl^-bar, or in ftreets and places within the bills of mortality, or five mifed

tbe	Temple-bar in the faid city of London* except the owner of fed

cept the owner cart> car> dray, or other fuch carriage, fhall have enjeredfi

fhall have en- name and place of abode with the commiffioners forlicenfc

tered his name hackney coaches; and fhall, upon fome confpicuoos part d

and place of fuch cart car dray or other carriage, have the name of tit abode at the	r s I J	f	.	.	,	,

hackney owner of fuch cart, car, dray, or other fuch carriage, audit*

coach office; number of fuch cart, car, dray, or other fuch carriage brigand (hall affix ing to him, in order that thfc driver of fuch cart, car*draper his name, and other fuch carriage, may be the more eafily convified foraa* the carriage, diforder or mifbehaviour committed by him as aforefiid;3K on fome con- in cafe of fuch negledt or refufal of entry, and affixing fed fpicuous part number on fuch cart, car, dray, or other fuch carriage, the thereof. owner or driver of fuch cart, car, dray, or other fuch wia^ Penalty on of- f0 refiding and driven within five miles of Temple bar* (toll* fenders. fubjedt and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures created b any laws now in being relative to fuch owners or drivers cj carts, cars, drays, or other fuch carriages, within the faid cities of London or Wefiminfier* and fuburbs thereof, the boroqgM Southwark* and other ftreets within the bills of qiotuliry, which (hall or may be recovered and applied in fuch maimer fuch forfeitures and penalties are by law now recpyfartbfe from the owners of fuch carts, cars, drays, or other fuch stages, fe driven within the faid cities of London or JPejlminfier* and fub* urbs thereof, the borough of Southward and other (toes within the bills of mortality.

Additional IX. And be it further ena&ed, That the tMpfr weekly duty weekly duty, or fum of money, (the neceflary charges of to be paid into ing and accounting for the fame excepted,) (ball, from rifled the exche- time, be paid into the receipt of his Majeftv’s exchequer, ft tered maCn tm<^ty aru* aPart fr°m a^ ot^er branches of* the pjuWick bookfeparate nue; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt M (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which aH monies arifing from the faid additional duty impofed by flrni and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be enteredfe rate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, upon any account tbit ever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exd

from alt others,

Digitized by

Google

1784*] Aftno vi&fmio quarto Georgii III. c. 28,29.'	53i

quer a$ aforefeid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral Application arid refpeftive annuites, and all fuch other charges and expen- thereof. ces, as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an adl of this prelent feflion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijbing a totteryJ

X.	And be it further enadied, That if anv perfon or perfons Defendants (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, may plead the for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of general Blue, this adl, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perlbn and perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for hisvor their defence; and if upon the trial a verdidt (hall pals for the defendant or defen* dants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him j^dhavetre* or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.	bIC coU9§

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad for authoring the treafurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his Majeily’s (hip Santa Margaretta, the like bounty for taking the French frigate called L* Amazone, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majetty's (hips of war, taking or dcftroyfng (hips of war belonging to the enemy.

19 Geo. 3. c. 67. and so Geo. 3. c. 13. recited. Officers and men on board the Santa Margaretta (Capt. Elliot Salter) when die attacked the French frigate L’Amazone, in July 178s. in titled to the bounty of 5!. for every man on board the (aid frigate at the time of the attack.

CAP. XXIX.

An a& for veiling certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truf-teet, for better fecuring his MajeftyV docks, (hips, and ftores, at Portf-moutb and Plymouth ; and alfo for revelling certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other pur* pofts therein mentioned.

Aft of *0 Geo. 3. c. 38. recited, and 11 Geo. 3. c. 6r. AH the lands, tenements, &c. in the recited alts mentioned to be (ituate in Devon (hire and Cornwall, and vetted in (ir Fletcher Norton, and the other perfons therein Darned (except as herein mentioned) (hall be divetted out of the faid fir Fletcher Norton, &c, and revetted in the former proprietors thereof. Recital of a* Geo. 3. c. 80. and 13 Geo. 3. c. 87. All the lands, tenements, be. in the recited a&s %% and 13 Geo. 3. mentioned to be fituate in Hampttiire, and vetted in the Rt^ Hon. Wolfran Cornwall, &c. (hall be revelled in the former proprietors thereof. Certain pieces of land, &c. n the parilh of Alverftoke in the county of Southampton; and in the pa-i/hes of Titchfield and Rowner, in the fame county ; and certain other pieces of land, &c. tttuate in the pari/h of Maker, 10 Devonlhire; vetted n the Rt. Hon. Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Jervoife Clarke Jervoife efq; Robert Thittlethwayte efq; fir William Lemon baronet, John Rolle efq ; md John Polloxttn Ballard efq; their heirs and affigns in trutt for the >wnera till the value adjudged and the purebafe money paid with interett. Reasonable compenfation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majetty empowered by letters patent under the

great

Digitized by Google

53*	Anno vkefimo quarto GSoROH III. c. jo. [ql(.

greit ieal, to appoint commiffiontrs to determine ctafcna to tbe fiU &c. To proceed in a fummary way, on testimony of wkneflaxupwanMi or infpe&fon of records, &c. or by jury if required. Judgement* finM* crecs of commiflioners to be entered in books, &c. Copies t^crcdflobc laid before both houfes of parliaments Commiflioners to UTae tt^f'Warrants to Ihcrifft to fummon juries* who are to inquire into tbe waist ef lands. Sec. Penalty on tariffs or their officers making defaults Mt mart tbaniol. and alfo on jurors, not more than xol. In cafe a fuffidentjiry fhall not appear upon return of the warrant, commiflioners may adjoint the inqueft, and iflbe their warrant for fummoning other juror* in fWn of defaulters. Commiflioners, after tbe Inqueft tall be taken, aOjeh journ, &c. for makinjg decree. Commiffioners to give notice pretopta their refpettive meetings, 14. days at leaft^ If owners make defoylt ia appearing, See. to proceed to judgement which is to be final. On payment of the fums aflefled by jury, &c. tru flees to be deemed feifed of tbe pre-inifes for the ufe of his Majefty. Surveyors of the highways fbr tbeys-rilh of Alverftoke, and their workmen. Sec. impowered to enfer Ufto lands fet out as a road, aod to take gravel from the fea (hare. v Officers d ordinance, before Jan. 1, 1785, in a written declaration, to fpeem the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the rarpolesvfofe-faid. And all the lands not fo fpecified (hall be revelled in ttie former proprietors. No private building (except barns, hovels, or other bonding of wood only) to be erefted qn any lands vefled by this a£t{ and the jury msv value the damage by fucb reftri&ion, and if any building be creaea after the afleflment, the fame may be abated. Lands to be porchaWi h purfuance of this a&, (hall be liable to the ufual tithes and taxes* To be paid by the ftore keeper of tbe ordinance. Profits arifing from thafamds to be expended on the fortifications, to be appropriated by tbe m after ge> neral. See. of the ordinance towards tbe ere&ion and reparation of tbefiy* tifications. Proprietors of lands, hereby revetted, to be reimburfed lb or expences, See. in confequencef of the recited aft si Geo. 3. Aft of^oGea j.c. 49. recited. Lands and tenements in Chatham, Sec. taken poftefBon of for hisMajefty's ufe, to be liable to tithes, land tax, Sec. as heretofore. Such tithes, Scc. to.be paid by the ftorekeeper of the ordinance* Proprietors of lands, Sec. in Hampihire, to be reimburfed damages in confequence of the ad 11 Geo. 3. Commiflioners not liable to penalties, in ads *$Car. a. c. 1. 1 Wm. and Mar. c. 8. 13 and 14. .Win. 3. c. 6. s Geo. t.c* 13. Commiflioners not difqualified from being members of parliament

CAP. XXX.

Ah aft	for granting to bis Majejiy an additional duty upon

for retailing beer, ale} and other emftablt liquors..

Preamble.

From Sept x. 17*4, an additional duty

Mod gracious Sovereign,

W’E, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeA*, tbe commons of Great Britain, in parliament affecnbled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your M»jdty*s publick expences, have refolved to give and grant unto y«sr Majedy the duty herein-after mentioned; and do mod huiaMy befeecn your Majedy that it may be enacted ; and be it emdtd by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefer parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fird day of September cot thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, there fhall be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britainy raifed, levied, colle&ed, and

paid,

Digitized by

Google

,7#* ] A?n(> vk$0roo*jp*fta GkoRGU III. c. 3a	553

=uUJ» jfa-bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a duty of ten of 10 s. 6d. to killings and fixpence for every piece of vellum or parchment* b* pa,.d/or

r flicct or piece of paper, on which fhall be ingrofled, written, for retailing r^jgir^fcted, any licence from juftices of the peace for felling ale, beer, ale, See. eer#1 or other excifeable liquors, by retail, in Gnat Britain* vcrtsfnd above all other duties chargeable thereupon.

II.’ And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The new duty better and more effcdual levying, collecting, and pay- to Sunder fold duty herein-before granted, the fame lhall be un- ^ent'oftnT er the government, care, and management of the commiftion- commiflioners rs, fot the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged of (tamp n |Iapiped ^yellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major <luuc,« them, are hereby required and impowered to employ re neceflary offices under them for that purpofe, and to ule rid provide fuch (lamps to denote the faid duty as fhall be re-ui£$e in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be one for putting this ad into execution with relation to the faid uty herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and am*

1c manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized ^ put ip execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, tarchment, and paper.

411. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Allowance to That the fame allowance (hall be made, on prefent payment >f the feveral duties granted by this a<5t, in fuch manner as by ment. P ** ny former law, relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, and taper, is direded^and allowed.

iy. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Stamps may That fuph (lamps as the commiffioners are hereby directed and be altered or uthorized to provide and ufe, (hall and may be altered and renewed, enewed in fuch manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parch-nent or paper, are, by any former law relating to (lamped velum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered or renewed.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any perfon fhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be'c.0Unter^,tmS iowtferfeited or forged, any feal, (lamp, or mark, directed or al- tampS| c* owed to be ufed by this ad, for the purpofe of denoting the iuti.es by this ad granted; or fhall counterfeit or refcmble the mpreflion of the fame, with an interir to defraud his Majefty, lis heirs and fucceflors, of the faid duty; or fhall privately or raudufeotly ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, direded or allowed to *e ufed hy this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs nd fuqceffors, of the faid duty; every perfon fo offending, and wing thereof lawfully convided, fhall be adjudged a felon, and ball fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of

7l And be it further enabled by the authority bforefaid, Provifionj of That all powers, proyifions, articles, claufes, penalties, diftri- former rtamp >ution of penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters and acts to be in hings preferibed or appointed by any former adt or adts mriiament, relating to the (lamp-duties on vellum, parchment, “

Vol. XXXIV.	O	0	and

Digitized by Google

534	AArio	vicefimo	quarto GfeoKdfcptlf.1	pj 78^

and paper, (hall be of full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raifine, levying, collecting, and fecuring the fajdduty hereby impofed, according to the true intent and	b*

this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofe$,.as if thb lathe had feverally and refpeftively been hereby eriafted With rttadbn to the faid new duty hereby impofed.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority kfot'daid, Duty to be That the duty hereia-before granted (hall be paid from iiiMtf paid to the time into the hands of the receiver general for the time barig neraVof of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, woo ftamp-dutici, (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account thereof, and piytfae and by bim fame (the ncceffary charges of raifmg, paying, and accounting paid into the for the fame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer* for purpofes in this aft mentioned, at foch time* and in

fuch manner, as any former duties bn (lamped vellum, pinch* ment, and paper, are direfted tobopaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afonefaid,

A book to be That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the an* provided by djtor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which of the exche* l^c moniC€ ar>fing from the faid duty, and paid into the (aid quer, for en* receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all tenng the other monies paid and payable to his Majcfty, his heira and duty feparate focceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, other*. k Pa*^ *nt0 l^c receipt of exchequer as afbre&id, fhaH, fco-Application gcth«r with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, ds flail fee thereof.	granted by any aft or afts of this feffion of parliament far this

Kfe, be a fund for the payment of the feverhl annuities, and :h other charges and expences as are direfted to he ptid and payable, purfuant to an aft of this prefent feffion of paife* ment, (intituled, An oft for raijing a ttrtain fum of minty byway of annuities, and for eftabli/hing a lottery)*	r *	■

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afecehid, Defendants That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or tunes, 1 be raayplwd the fued, molefted* or profecuted, for any thing by him or them general iflue, (jQnc or cxecute(j ;n purfuance of ttus aft, or of an^xhofe;

matter, or thing herein contained, fetch perfon and ydoos (hall and may plead the general i(Tue, and give the fecial mat* ter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuck defendant or and (hall have defendants (hall have treble rolls awarded to him or- Atom treble cofts. againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.	• /'

C A P.

Digitized by

Google

Anno^ri(^gn^qmrt(> Gborgii m. c. 31.	535

1	CAP.	XXXI.

jfrqafl	for granting to bis	Majefty certain duties on horfet kept for

\ {hi purpofe of ridings and on horfes ufed in drawing certain carrU \ ogfSy in reffect whereof any duty ofexcife is made payable.

IVjfoft gracious Sovereign,

W E, your Majefty’j moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the Preamble* commons of Great Britain, in parliament aficmbled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publiok expences, have freely and voluntarily refnlved to give and’grant unto your Majefty the new duties herein*after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be etiaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent irajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and FromSepM*, after the twenty-ninth day of September, one fhoufand feven *784., the fot-bondred *nd eighty-four, there (hall be railed, levied, colledt- [°^pai!Tto cd,:and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majefty; and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, the rates videlicet, and duties following; that is to fay,

Every perfon who (hall keep and ufe any horfe, mare, or For every gelding, for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of draw- laddie horfe, mg? any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife, or any ^,cJ1h^orc^»( other carriage, by whatfoever name fuch carriage is now or nimoN^os.^ hereafter 03ay be called or known, (for or in refpedl whereof any rate or duty, under the management of the commiffioners of the excife, now is or are made payable by any ftatute now in force), (hall yield and pay annually, for every fuch horfe, mare, • or gelding, the fum of ten (hillings:

: Forcvery horfe, mare, or gelding, entered to ftart or run for For every any" pi ate, prize, fum of money, or other thing whatfoever, the **orrc c"lcrc<* ftmhcr/um of two pounds two (hilling*:

.That every perfon exercifmg the trade and bufinefs of an Evcryiicenfed horfe dealer, within the cities of London and Wejlminfter, the horfe dealer weeklyjbUls of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark within the 4n thy cdunty of Surrey, and who (haH take out a licence to,ufe and etsrcife the faid trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, (hall roUgh of yield and pay annuaHy, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his Southwark, heirs and fucceffors, the fum of ten pounds:	>ol. perann :

And every perfon exercifing the faid trade or bufinefs of an And every horfe dealer, without the cities of London and JVeJlminfler, the luch dealer weekly bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, in the	e

county of Surrey, and who (hall take out a licence to ufe and	*

exercife the faid trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, (hall yield and pay annually, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuedeffors, the fum of five pounds.

O o %	JJ.	And*

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3u [1784;

II. And, for the better and more effectually raifwg9 levying? cs}-lettings and paying the [aid duties herein-before granted, be it eda$-Dutiestobe ed, That the fame (hall be under the government, care, and na^rnent^f * managefnent °f the commitlioners for the time being appointed the commit- t0 manage the duties charged on damped vellum, paraimjenr, iioners of and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby requir-(Ump-daties. ed and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for that purpofc, and to alloW fuch falaries and incidental charges as lhall be neceffary, and to provide and ufe fuch marks or flumps as they (hall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame from time to time as they (hall fee occafion,

> and to do all other matters and things neceffary to be done for putting this a<Sl in execution with relation to the fakl duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning (lamped vd-lum, parchment, and paper.

Commiflion- III. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the era may grant paffing of this act, any two or more of his Majefly’s comma*

horf/dealcri fl0ners> appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps an or e cr«. ve]jum^ parchment, or paper, or fome perfon duly authority by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who (hall apply for the fame, to ufe and exercife the trade and bufinefs of aa horfe dealer in any city, town, or other place within Groat Bn-tainy for the fpace of one year, to commence from the laid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day ; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufacd feven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day ccj Licences to be the date of every fuch licence; and all and every perlbn and rcn®Jvcd an* perfons, who (hall take out fuch licence for ufing and exercif-nu	ing the faid trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, (hall, in order

to be exempted from the duty hereby impofed on any horfe, mare, or gelding, kept and ufed by him, take out a firefli licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he (hall have been fo licenfed, if he (hail continue to ufe and exercife the faid trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer; and. (hall, in like manner, renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the refpe&ive fums due onliicU licences, as long as he ihall continue to ufe and exertilt the faid trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer.

Certain words IV. And be it further ena&cd, That every perfon exerclfin* to be wrote or the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, and who QiaO have frontof°the * ta^en 0ut a licence for that purpofe, (hall caufe the words Li-*Kou(e or tta- cenfed io deal in Horfes, to be painted or written in large and blcs of every legible charaflers, either on a fign hung out, or on Tome vifiblfl hone dealer place in the front of his or their houfe, gateway, or (tables, at the refpeeftive places at which he or they keep fuch horfes tot fale, to denote that fuch perfon is a dealer in horfes, and Ikeru* ed for that purpofe; and if any perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaii ’ ’	Itel

Digitized by v^»ooQle

537

1784*] Anno vlcefimo. quarto G&orgii III. c. 31;

fhall prefume to fell any horfe without fixing or hanging out

luch token as aforefaid, every licenfed horfe dealer fo offending,

fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five on penalty of

pounds, to be recovered and diftributed as herein-aftcr is di- sf*

redfed.

V.	And be it further ^na£led. That the owner of every horfe, Two guinea* mare* or gelding, entered to ftart or run for any plate, prize, tobepaidpre-fum of money, or other thirig, (hall, previous to the entering clucringanv or darting fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, pay the fum of two |lorfe run pounds two (hillings, as the duty for one year; which faid mo- for a plate, ney fhall be paid, for the ufe ot his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-

ccnors, into the hands of the derk of the courfe, book* keeper, or other perfon authorifed to make the entry of fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, being to ftart or run for fuch plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing, as aforefaid ; and if any owner on penalty of of fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fhall, previous to the ftarting, ncgled or refufe to pay the faid fum of two pounds two fhil-lings, for fuch entrance, to the clerk of the courfe, book-keeper, or other perfon authorifed to make the entry as aforefaid, the owner or owners of every fuch horfe, mare, or gelding (ball forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as herein-after is dire&ed.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That every clerk of the Penalty on courfe, book-keeper, or other perfon, fo receiving the faid fum clerk of the of two pounds two (hillings, as entrance money, (hall, within nedeSine to fourteen days after the receipt thereof, give an account of all account with monies received by him for horfes fo entered to ftart as afore- diftributor of

.faid, to the diftributor of ftamps in the county where the race was run, upon demand made by fuch diftributor for the fame, and producing his appointment as diftributor under the hands and feals of three of the commiffioners of his Majefty's ftamp-duties; and in cafe of not accounting for and paying the fame, he (hall, for every default in not delivering fuch accounts, pay the fum of one hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the monies due on fuch accounts, forfeit and pay double the amount of the monies due on the faid accounts at the time of fuch default.

VII.	And it is hereby enaefted, That the faid head diftribu- Allowance to

tors of ftamps, to whom fuch money (hall be paid as aforefaid, m,ad£tof lhal! make an allowance of one (hilling in the pound to fuch courfe° clerk of the courfe, book-keeper, or other perfon as aforeiaid, &c#	*

^or all monies fo accounted for and paid by him to fuch diftri-

btUor as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That all and every perfon All perfon* and perfons who, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of keeping Septembtry one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall (ofhedotie* keep and ufe any horfe, mare, or gelding, for the purpofe of aforefaid, -riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any carriage fubjedt to the within the duty of .excife as herein-before is mentioned, for his, her, or bills of mor-their own ufe, or the ufe of any perfon of or for whom he, (he,

or they, is, are, or (hall be, committees, truftees, or guardian^, Thereof to tbs ;	O	o 3	if

Digitized by Google

53*

ft amp-office, and pay the annual dudes:

And all persons keeping fuch horfes, in any other

5art of Great Britain, (hall give notice thereof to the he^d diftri-butors of iUmps, &c« and pay the duties to them.

Perfons keeping horfes liable to the duties, are to give fre(h notices, and pay the duties, annually.

Anno vlccfimo quarto Gborgi! fl(.J C. 31V

if living in London or lVefiminJiery or within the limit! & die weekly bills of mortality, (hall, Within twenty if&rftie faid twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten dajri'aiftethe or (he (hall begin to keep and ufe fuch horfc, mare togcltfng, for riding or drawing as aforefaid, and fo, from time to $ie, within ten days after beginning to keep.and ufc anybtber filch horfc for riding or drawing rcfpe&ively, notoeihg hi the {fee or (lead of any former one kept and ufed by him or her, aijof which notice has been given as aforefaid, and payment for the fame; give notice in writing at the head office id London for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, tf his her, pr their keeping and ufing the fame, and of the number of fuch horfes fo by him, her^ or them refpe&ivetykept and ufed as aforefaid, and of the pari(h or place where be, (he, or they refpeflively refide, and (haH at the fame time payufcwn the refpedive annual duties fo impofed as aforefaid for keeping the fame.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That all and evcyyperlbn and perfons who, from and after the faid twenty-ninth diy of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, will keep and ufe arty fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, for tiding or drawing, as aforefaid, hereby charged with the faid, duty, For his or her own ufe, or for the ufe of any perfon of or fair whom he, (he, or they (hall be committees, truftees, orguardfeh\fe any other part of Great Britain, (hall, within thirty <hj$ after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, or within twenty days after he, (he, or they (hail begin to keep and ufe futfi horfe to hereby dire&ed to be charged with the faid duty, and fro# tftfie to time within ten days after beginning to keep and'ufeaty other fuch horfe for nding or drawing rcfpe&ively, dpt Mng in the place or (lead of fome former one kept and ufecibyhitn, and of which notic? has been given as aforefaid, ahd fr^ent made for the famei give notice in writing to the head aiufibu-tors of (lamps in each county, or to their deputies refiditte next to the place where fuch perfon or perfons, for wffofe uTe the fame (hall be fo kept, (hall refpe&ivdy inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of fuch horfes fo by him, her, or them refpedtively kept and ufed as aforefaj#, and of the parilh or place where he, (he, or they rpfj^Aiveiy rtfidc, and (hall at the fame time pay down the refpefliye/itiiid^I duties 4b impofed as afore&id, for the keeping the fame,

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and * every perfes and perfons who (hall give, or be, ohliged to give, fuci ^dticc as aforefaid, is and are hereby required, at or Wthin ^nty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times of giving, or being obliged to give fuch lirft notftfe, to give a frefh notice in manner aforefaid, and pay dowp the re-fpe&ive annual duties above-mentioned, according to fhe.ilum-ber of fuch horfes fo by him, her, or them re(pe&bejyihen kept, and in the fame manner to renew fuch notice, and (rfckc fuch payment from year to year, as long as he, (he, ol rtw

(hill

Digitized by Google

7?<+t3t Anno. vfcefimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 31,

>cricw5

539

any fuchthorfes as aforefaid* and if any perfon or, all f<j> keep any fuch horfc or horfes, liable to the faid Juty^s aforefaid, without giving fuch firft or other notice, and risking fitch payments yearly in manner aforefaid, he, fhe, or Penalty, hey /halt, for every fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fo kept and afeq by him, her, or them, and of which no notice (hall have oeen given, and payment made as aforefaid refpetSively, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no No perfon fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall be compelled to travel for the need go fur-onakipg fuch entry, or the paymeiit of the faid duties, if he or |J|*rnthan to _ fhe live in a market town, out of the faid town, or if he or (he kc* live out of a marker town, then to ho other place than to the making entry, market town neareft to his or her habitation.	Ac.

XII.	And, for the better fecuritig the duty hereby impofed, be it further cnafted, That the feveral collectors of the duties on Parifh collec-'windows in every parifh within Great Britain (hall, and they tor* of duties ^re hereby directed to make out fair and correct lifts, in writ- to makeout ing, of the names of all the perfons refiding within their re- proper lift* of fjpejftive parifhes liable to the payment of the duties on win- perfons liable dows, together with the number of windows for which each to the raid perfon is charged withjl^e faid duty, and to deliver the fame to f“deii4rthe the diftributor of (lamps, or his deputy refiding in the neareft fam€ tothc market town in the fame county where fuch parifh (hall lie, diftributor* who (hall pay to fuch colledlor the fum of two (hillings for every of (tamps* hundred names contained in fuch lifts, and fo in proportion for any lefs number of names; and if fuch colledlor fhall refufc on penalty of or negleCt to return fuch lifts (igned by him, or (hall deliver in 51* any fraudulent or fictitious lift, he (hall forfeit and pay the fum . of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as hcrein-aftcr is (firedled.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That the head diftributor Diftributor of of (lamps, or his deputy, to whom fuch lifts (hall be delivered (tamp* to call by fuch colledlor of the duties on windows, (hall call at the on^ lucJ* dwelling-houfe or place of abode of every perfon contained' in havenorregi-fucli lift, who (hall not have regiftered any horfe, mare, or ftered any gelding, liable to the duty hereby impofed, and (hall make a horfe, &c. demand of the duty if any fuch be due; and if any perfon (hall d«mand refufe to pay the lame after fuch demand made, and (hall be e ut)r> convidted of having kept and u fed any horfe, mare, or gelding,

liable to the duty hereby impofed, fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredled.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That, upon the payment Names of the of tbe faid duties fo hereby granted at the laid head office of perfons pay-ftamps in London, or to the refpedlive offices in the country, by

the feveral owners or proprietors of any fuch horfe or horfes 5er paitj liable to the faid duty as aforefaid, the names of the perfons fo &c. to been-paying the fame, and the number of horfes by him or her re- teredinare-Tpefttvely kept, and the name of the parilh or place where he,

(fie, or they refide, (hall be entered.in a regifter to be kept

O0.4 .	'	the

ill	'	■	P

Digitized by

Google

ment of the duties.

To wbat

horfes this pft (hail not extend*

Anno vicefimo quarto Grorgji ML c. 31;	£17844'

the faid head office of ftamps, if in London^ and, if in the doao-* try, by the faid head diftributors of ftamps, or their deputies. Receipt? to be for that purpofe, by the perfon fo receiving the fame j in da given op pay- receipt (hall be given to every perfon fo paying fuch duties by the perfons fo receiving the fame* which receipt (hall contain the number of the faid regifter, the number of futh horfes iu refpeftivdy entered and paid for* the fum paid for the fame, and the time for which fuch fum fhall have been fo paid, and be a difeharge to the refpeftive owners for fuch number of horfes fo paid for, wherefoever the fame are refpeftively ufed.

XV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to charge with the faid duties, any horfe belonging to any non-cotnmiffioned officer or private fbi-dier of any of the regiments of cavalry in his Majefty’s fervicc, nor to any horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging (o and . kept for fale, and not for hire, in the ftables of any dealer in horfes Ji-cenfwd purfuant to this aft j nor to any horfe, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling puft, by the mile, or from ftagcf to ftage, or let to hire for a day, or lefs period of time, by any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon licenfed for that purpofe by the commiffioners appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid officers at the head office of ftamps in London, or their refpeftire officers in the country, (hall, and they are hereby required, within thirty days after payment of the duty hereby impofed, t6 affix a true copy of the regifter (herein-before direfted to be kept) on the door of the church belonging to the pari(h where the perfon or perfons keeping and ufing fuch horfe or horfes (hall re-fide; and if any perfon (hall refide in any extra-parochial place, then on the door of the pari(h church next adjoining; and in which regifter or lift fo to be affixed, (hall be irtfortod the name of the perfon, and the number of the horfes fo paid for by fuch perfon, and the times when the fame were fo paid: and if any perfon or perfons (hall defignedly and wilfully tear down, obliterate, deface, or deftroy, fuch regifter and lift fo affixed as aforfefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings for each and every offence, to bfe recovered and applied as herein-after is direfted.

Claufe relative XVII. And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where to perfons who any perfons (hall have divers places of refidence, and (hall keep ***'at each fuch place any horfe or horfes chargeable with the duty by this aft impofed, every fuch perfon (hall, and is hereby required, within the fpace of one month after the payment of the laid duties, if the fame (hall be paid at the head office in Lai* dcny tp deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the (lamp officer in the market town neareft to fuch place of his or her refidence, a duplicate of every fuch entry, or the regifter fo made by fuch perfon, mentioning, at the foot of every fuch duplicate, the time when fuch original entry or regifter (hall have been made, and the duties paid as aforefaid 3 upon pain that every fuch perfon

Copies of re-g'iters to be affixed on church doors.

Penalty on defacing them.

keep horfes at divers

places of ie-(iJenfe.

Digitized by

Google

*

784^1 iA'nncrvicefirHo quarto Georgii lit. C. 31.	54t

on negledling to deliver fuch duplicate (hall, for every fucli of-* ease, forfeit tbe fum of forty (hillings.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,1

That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed fhallv be divided Penalties bow rnd diftributed in manner following; that is to fay, one moiety to be divided* hereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons flhto fhall inform and fue for the fame.	3

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au-’

hority afore faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Any neigb-

my juftice of the peace refiding near the place where the of- touring juf-

rence (hall be committed, to hear and determine any offencer

igainft this ail $ which faid juftice of the peace is hereby autho- fcnces again*

rized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com- this a&*

plaint paade in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and

ilfo the witneffes on either (ide, and (hall examine into the

matter offadl; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the

voluntary confeffiot* of the party, or by the oath of one or more

zredible witnefs or witneffes, to give judgement or fentence for

the penalty’or forfeiture, according as in and by this adt is di-

redled, and to award and iflue out his warrants, under his hand

and feal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures Penalties majr

fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to ^Jcv^cd

be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix

days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); arid where or theoffen-

the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer commit-

the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain tc *

for the fpace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty

(hall be fooner paid and fatisfied : and if any perfon or perfons Perfons ag-

fhall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may

any fuch juftice, then he or they (hall and may, upon giving;*{£****

fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty ahd for- £om.

feiturc, together with fuch cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch

judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace

at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, of

place, who are hereby impowfcred to fummon and examine witJ

neffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame;

and in cafe th6 judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it

(hall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or per-

fons to pay cofts occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall

feem meet.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fummoned as a witnefs Perfons (amor witneffes, to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of ®onfd to ap-the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this adt, cither on the part of the prolocutor, or of the perfon or perfons default, for-accufed, and (hall negledt or refufe to appear at the time and feit 40s. * place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, or their negledt or refufiri, to be allowed & by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom

the

Digitized by Google

r

54*

Joftice maj mitigate pe-

Dnties to be paid to the receiver-neral of

g€Q(

Samp-duties, and by him paid into the exchequer*

Auditor to provide a book for ert-

tefeparafe1" rates an^ duties, anc* Pa^ *nt0 laid receipt as aforc&jtf, thill

«	kn	an	(arMivata onn ar\n rf f r/MH 11 Atnai* rtiAnioe r\*a i	nir

Aooo vicefitno quirto G«PBAU m>£vg,s<\ [l7f4-the profecutioo (hall be depending; that then every fuch perCoa (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch meins, as are hercia-bcfore directed as to ojher penalties.

XXI.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, tc? mitigate and leflen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafomkic cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in flashing the difcovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as futph mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lets than a moiety of thepe-naldes incurred, over and above the faid cods and charges; any thing contained in this ad, or any other ad of parfianra, to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXII.	Ana be it further enaded by the authority aforefaui. That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the tiro being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, ?t*d paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftind account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the necefiary charges of ratfiog, paying, and accounting for the fatpe, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and In fuch manner, a the duties now charged on damned vellum, parchment, and paper, are direded to be paid ; ana that in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, there (hall be provided and fcepta. book or books, in which all the monies arifiog from the faidjfcveftl

from all others.

Application

thereof.

be entered feparate and apart from all other monies.paid or pay* able to his Majedy, his heirs or fuccedbrs, upon any account whatfoever; and the (aid money fo paid into th< faid rccrianot exchequer as aforefeid, (hall be a fund for the payment of fbc feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expeoces as are direded to be paid and payable, purfuant to arviud of .this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, An a3 far rSfUg a artatn fum oj money by way of anmi\tm% and far iJlfibli/hiBg a te-ttry.)

XXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority Afpcafeid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time ortip^sbefeed, may plead the moleded, or profecuted for any thing by him or them dope „«r general iffue, executed in purfuancc of this ad, or of any daufe, wsatter, or thing herein contained, fuch ptrfon or perfons (bail or cnay plead the general idiie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial .a yerdid.fluH pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff ordain-tiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant, p^defend^s (bill have treble cofts awarded to him or them agaioft fpefi pUpmff or plaintiffs.

Defendants

•nd have treble cods.

Cap.

Digitized by

Google

7$4-] Anno ricefimo quarto Gbokgii lit. c. 32-S-34.	543,

«	C A P. XXXII.

\n a& to poftpone tbe payment of the fum of two .millions, advanced

&*• tfie governor and company of the bank of England, towards the pplytot tbe fervice of the year One thoufand seven hundred and cfgtity-onfe. *

Hft sf u Geo. %. c. do. and u Geo. 3. c. a. recited. Repayment of the ~um of *,ooa,oool. to the bank poftponed to Jan. 5, 1786^ Exchequer rilja rtttde out by virtue of this art to bear 3 per cent, intereft, until that period. Bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of taxes; nor rx changed before Jan. 5, 1786. Action hot to he tor fucti refund, rri*.

and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of any fuppiies to be granted for the year 1785; or charged on the linking fund. Monies fo JTued to be replaced out of the firit fopplies.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for raifing a certain fum of itaoney by loans or exchequer hills, for the fervice of the year one tboafand ieven hundred and eighty-four.

Comm i (Boners of the treafury jmay raife 1,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1785, as by malt tax a ft of laft feflion, to be charged on the finking fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out ot the firft lupplies.

c a p. xxxiy.

Jn aft for the relief of tbe Eaft India company with rtfpeft to tbe payment of certain Jums due to tbe publick, Uni to tbe acceptance of terrain bills drawn upon the fetid company, and for regulating tbe dividends to be made by tbe faid company.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England preamble.

trading to tbe Eaft Indies, on and at fundry times before tbe firfi day of December, one thoufand ftvtn hundred and eighty-three, became and now Jiand indebted to bis Majefty, for duties of cuftoms on goods imported, in fwufiy fums of money, amounting together to the fum of nine hundred twenty-three thoufand five hundred and nineteen pounds five fbillings and two-pence, after making certain deductions'and allowances to which, by lawj the faid company are intltled,

'ant-due payment of the faid cuftoms on or before the refpeftive days on Avhiih the fame became due \ and the faid company alfo ftani indebted 'to bis Majejiy in tbe further fum of one hundred thoufand pounds,

1Obicb became dice on the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, for tbe loft payment appointed to have been mddi in refpeft of the fum of four kindred thoufand pounds, mentioned in an aft made in tbe twenty-firft year of the reign- of his pre-fent Afajeflj9 intituled, An for eftablifhing an agreement with Recital of 11 the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Geo. j. c. 65. Indies, for the payment of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for the ufe of the publick, in full difeharge and fatif-taeftion of all claims and demands of the publick from the time .the bond debt of the faid company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firft dqy of March, one

thoufand

'	'	Digitized	by	Google

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. £1784!

thoufand fcven hundred and eighty-one, in refpefl of the territorial acquifitions and/reeenues jajely obtained in the Eqjfi Indies*, and alfo for fecuring to the publick in refpedt thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear.revenues and profits of the faid company 1 and for gram-ing to the faid company, for a further term, the foie, and cxdu-five trade to and from the Eajl Indies, and limits therein mentioned and for eftablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the faid company, as well in JnEa as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the faid company : end whereas by the faid adI, made in, the twenty-firji year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, it was, among ft ether things, enabled, That, from and after the firji day of March, tu thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, far and during fa long time as the faid united company, under the authority of that aft* Jbould be entitled to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade and trqffick in, to, and from the Eaft Indies, and places in the faid all mentioned, the whole clear profits arifehg from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending; the fame, together tenth all the clear revenues and profits of the fold company, after providing for the current payment of interejl, and other cut goings, charges, and expences of the faid company, Jbould, from time Co time, be difpofed of and applied in manner therein and herein-after mentioned y (that is to fay) j it Jbould be lawful for the faid united company to fet apart and retain, in the firji place, in each and every year, futb film as Jbould be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital Jlock of the faid united company of thru millions two hundred thoufand pounds $ and in cafe there Jbould remain a furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits above the faid fum of eight pounds per centum per annum, fo to be retained by the Jaid united company as aforefaid, three fourth parts of fuch fscrpbu profits Jbould be fet apart and applied for the ufe of the publick, and the remaining one fourth part thereof flyuld be rejerved and retained by the faid united company for their own ufeand it was thereby further enabled. That it Jhould be lawful for the faid united company to apply fuch money as they were therein before autborijed to retain to tktmjehcs, and alfo other money in the faid all mentioned, in Use payment of dividends to the proprietors of the Jlock of the faid united company, net exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten /billings per centum per annum ; provided the bond debt of the faid company did not at any fuch time exceed one million five hundred thoufand pounds; and provided that they did not inertafe the prefent dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum, more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year: and, in order to after tain the yearly net profits arifing from the faid united company's. trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the faid united company Jbould cauje to be made out yearly, for each and every year, during the term theft in mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the safe would admit, a fiatement of the profits and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the Jaid united company, together with a fiou of the debts of the faid united company in England,/ran the firji dar

Digitized by LjOOQie

545

784,1	Anno victlimo quarto Georgn III. c. 34.

r March in every year, to the firjl day of March in each fucceeding ?ar; which /aid dceoimt was to he figfied and delivered to the com-iij]i oners of his Majeflfs' trcafury, or the high treofurer for the xme being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas, purfuant to the aid aft) fuch flatement as therein is mentioned of the pt'ofit and loft pon the whole of the trade and revenues of the faid united company ath been annually made up dnd delivered to the commiffioncrs of hit Vfaje/tfs treafury; and by the la ft of fuch accounts, made upfrom he firjl day of March, one thou fa nd feven hundred and eighty -thret%

0 the firjl day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-our, tt appears, that after debiting and bringing forward the deft-iencies of former years, and the faid dividend of eight pounds pec entum, allowed to be retained by the company, there was a deficiency on the faid account, up to the fir ft day of March* one tboufand reven hundred and eighty~Jour, of the fum of one hundred forty-one %houfand nine hundred and forty-one pounds: and whereas, befides '.he faid debts due tt his Majefiy, as aforefaid, the faid company have been allowed to inctebft their bond debt to the amount of five hundred 'boufand pounds, over and above the fum of one million five hundred 'houfand pounds, mentioned in the faid a 61 of the twenty -firft year of bis prefent Majefiy's reign \ and the faid company alfo Jland indebted in the fum of three hundred thoufqnd pounds, lent and advanced to them upon fuhdry exchequer bills, which will become due and payable on the fxth day of April, one thou fond feven hundred and eighty-fix, the fame having been made out and delivered to the faid company, purfuant to an afl, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his t>rejent Majefiy, intituled, An a& for granting relief to the united Recital of company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, by Geo. allowing further tihie for the payment of certain fums due, and to become doe to the publick, and by advancing to the faid company, on the terms therein mentioned, a certain fum of money to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the faid company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Chrijlmas, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on Eajl India goods; by which faid alt it was tnafled. That, until the debts therein and herein before mentioned to be dtie to his Majefiy Jhould be paid, the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the faid company be agatn reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arijing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the faid company, after pro -viding for the current payment of inter eft, and other outgoings, charges, and exp cnees of the faid ccmpatiy, and for fuch dividends to the proprietors of the Jlock of the Jaid company, as they flmld be in-titled or allowed to make, receive; and take, Jhould, from time to time, be dijpofed of and applied in manner following; (that is to fay); in the firjl place, in diminution and payment of faid debts due to his Majefiy until the fame Jhould be fully patd\ and after-wards, in diminution and payment of the Jaid fum of three hundred

i thoufand

Digitized by

Google

$4$	Anno	viotrfinw	111*.	(fcrftt

thoufand pounds	and inured,, and defraying tfofkaWi) Weml

in	refpeff	thereof', and then, in redyeing the	bond, debt

company until the fame Jbould be	to	one	milieu five bunk.ti

thoufand pounds: and	wherea, and befidos faid dehs&dutU

his Majefly, the faid increafed bond	, and the fold exchequer Ms,

fundry bills of exchange have been drawn upon the court if of the faid united company from their different prefidendfS aod ftllk-mentsin India, to the amount of one million fix hundred and meats thoufand pounds, or thereabouts, over and

the fafforyat China, and over and befides the thoufand pounds a year in bills f	allowed	to	be	aueputtei

paid by the court of dir effort of the faid company of their oWneolb-rity, and other bills of exchange are expeffed to be drama apt* tie faid court of direffors: and whereas it is expedient that a finite rtafonable time fbould be allewed to the cempany the payments 4 the debts due as afore faid, on	of	their	pro-

fits, beyond a rtafonable dividend to the proprietors, being appropriated to fucb payments, at f aft as the fame jball	auy

it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, atfd by the|u-Commiflion* thority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful-»0«od (ot •r* of tbe the commiflioners of his Majcfty’s treafury for the time being, t"*furT may or any three or more of them, to poflpoae and show fortha company6fur- time f°r t*'e payment of the faid fum of nine hundred and ther time for twenty-three thoufand five hundred aud nineteen pounds payment of (hillings and two-pence, which became due for.cuftonas pt/ucb the rums due feveral times as herein-before are mentioned ; and of tbt W lick but not fum°f one hundred thoufand pounds, which became due on beyond Jan. the fir ft day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and i, 17SS. eighty-one, or any part or parts of the faid feveraj (urn* rtfjnc-tively, unto fuch time or times as they (hall think: fit, m< beyond the firft day of January, ,one thoufand (even hundred tad eighty-fix; and if the faid united company do aud (had ptj the faid funis refpe&ively, at fuch time or times to which tk (lid payments, or any part thereof, refpe<5lively (hail bepotj-poned as aforefaid, the fame (hall be accepted and received ta like manner as if the faid furns refpecfively had been psidpust before the feveral and rcfpedlive days on which tbe (bid ism became due; and the (aid united company, upon fiicl^pj* ment at fuch poftponed time or times, (hall be freed and do-charged from all damages, intereft, and Ioffes, which they U* came liable to by means of not having made the faid p«ys**B refpe&ively at the feveral times on which tbe fame bscasaedw; and (hall be iutitled unto, and have the fame difcoont*, |H**-ances, and advantages, as if the (aid fums re(pe&ivdy hsdfeffl paid on or before the (cveral -and refpcdiive dayt on which,tkj became due; any thing in any adt oracts of parliaoteat to yty-tyife notwithftandiflg.

II. And be it further enabled bj ihe authority..afot^ud i	Tim

Digitized by ^ooQie

ry&yj Aan^v&fcfi^	c.34;	£47

Phat It (hall and (nay be lawful to and for the court of direft* Dire&orswith, nrsof thfe fald doited1 company, by and with rhe confent and confer.* of ^probation of the commiffioners* of his Majefty’s treafury fot commiflioners he time being, or any three or more of them, to accept and f^^yVc->af the (aid bills of exchange drawn and to be drawn upon cept certain* hem as aforefaid, at fuch time or times refpedlively, and upon bills of ex-tich terms and conditions, and with fuch intereft, as the faict change, &c* rdmmilWonefs of his Majefty's treafury for the time being, or iny three or vmore of them, (hall think fit, and (hall allow by periring under their hands.

III.	Provided neverthelcfs, and be it enafted. That the faid priority in rommiffioners of the treafury, in fo adjufting and fettling the payment of >ayrtlthts t>f the faid bills of exchange, (hall give a priority in luch bills, tie refpdftive payments, according as the fame would have ac- ho^i° bc "rued if the faid bills had been difeharged in regular courfe; dueJU c *

•egard therein being had to the feveral dates of the faid bills, to

:he times when the fame were feverally tendered for acceptance, md to the refpedlive periods in which they were originally made payable.	•

IV.	And, in order to make proper provifion, and give fecurity to > he creditors of the faid company for we payment of the faid debts, be

t fdrther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That until the The clear re-(aid debts due to his Majefty, and the faid bills of exchange, to venues and be -accepted with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, Profit8 of (hall be paid, the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, t^pj^ied in borrowed on the faid exchequer bills, repaid, and the bond manner tol-debt of the faid company be again reduced to one million five lowing t httadfedlhoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial aequifitiohs and revenues, after defraying the rharges and expences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits ot the faid company, after pro?-vidiflg for the faid bills of exchange to be accepted with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, together with the current payment of intereft, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, (hall, from time to time, bedifpofed of and applied in manner following; (that is to fay,) it (hay For making it and may be lawful to and for the faid united company to fet dividend of apart and retain, in the firft place, in each and every year, fuch g Pcrceot.* fern a a -(hall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, ^r^°prl* i»pon the capital (lock of the faid united company of three * milhorts two hundred thoufand pounds; and the faid company (ball and may, from time to time, make dividends to the pro-pHfettfrs of the ftock of the faid company, not exceeding the rltfe of eight pounds per centum per annum, notwithftanding any (King contained in the faid recited alts, or either of them ; and, rfr'the nefet place, the faid clear profits (hall be applied in pay- -n payinent # ftients of the faid debts due to his Majefty, and the faid thr^e the debts due MrtVdfcd thoufand pounds, borrowed upon the faid exchequer to his Majefty, bills, *arid the intereft and charges thereof; and from and after &c* fuch payments as aforefaid (hall be made, then in diminutitrti and payment of the bond debt of the (aid company, amtil the ^ '

fame '

Digitized by

4*

Deficiency in the annual account, ending March v, 178^, to be carried forward at a charge in the account of the prefent year.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii Ilf. c.

fame (hall be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds ; and from and after fuch reduction of the faid bond debt, fuch divifion of the faid profits between the publick and the faid united company (hall again take place and be refumed, as is mentioned in the faid a& of the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefatd. That the faid deficiency of one hundred forty-one thoufand nine hundred and forty-one pounds, appearing in the faid annual account made up to the fird day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall be carried forward as a charge in the account of the prefent year; and in cafe any deficiency (hall appear in the account of any fubfequent year, during the continuance of the participation between the publick and the company, mentioned in the faid a& of the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fuch deficiency (hall, from time to time, be carried forward to, and charged in, the account of the then next year.

C A P. XXXV.

An aft to impower the bi/hop of London for the time beings or any other bijhop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacn. or priejiy per font being fubieSh or citizens of countries out of his Majeflfs dominions, without requiring them to fate the oath of allegiance as appointed by law.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS, by the laws of this realm% every perfon who V V Jhall be admitted to holy orders is to take the oath of ailegianie in manner thereby provided; and whereas there are divers per1fens, Jubjefts or citizens of countries out of bis Majejlfs dominions, inhabiting and rejiding within the faid countries, who profefs the publick worjhip of almighty God according to the liturgy of tht church of England, and are deftrous that the word of God% and the facraments, Jbould continue to be adminijlered unto them accord-The bifhop of t0 fiM liturgy, by fubjeftsor citizens of the faid countries* London, or ordained according to the form of ordination in the church of Eng-anyother bi- land; be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by fhop by him and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-ma^admit PoraU an<* commons, in this prefent parliament artemblcd, alienstothe anc* ty authority of the fame. That, from and after the order of dea- parting of this a<ft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the bi-con or prieft, (hip of London for the time being,. or any other biihop by him r^Wn UtheC*r to ^ aPP°‘ntcc**t0 admit to the order of deacon or pried, for. the oatiTo/aUe- purpofes aforefaid, perfons being fubje&s or citizens of countries

fience.	cut of his Maiefty’s dominions, without requiring them to

'erfons fo or- take the oath of allegiance.

dained, not to II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That no per-officc in bis^ f°n» Gained *n tl1C manner herein-before provided only, fhall Majefty'i do- be thereby enabled to exercife the office of deacon or pried minions. within his Majefty’s dominions.

III. PIC-

Digitized by t^ooQle

tp84»3 Anno vicefimo quarto GkorgiI III. <?, 3^.	549

III. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in the The name 4 letters teftimonial ot fuch orders, there lhall be inferted the *nd country, name of the perfoo fo ordained, with the addition of the coun- peCr’fonordain* try whereof he is a fubjedt or citizen, and the further deferipti- ed to be in-on of his not having taken the faid oath of allegiance, being ferted in the exempted from the obligation of fo doing by virtue of this adt.

CAP. XXXVI.	,

Am oft fot repeating the ptefent duties upon toast candles maii in Great Britain; and for granting, in lieu thereof, other duties upon 1vase candles made in Great Britain, and upon wax imported, and upon licences to make or fell ivax candles in Great Britain.

WH E REAS, by an aft of parliament made in the eighth year Preamble.

of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, (An adt for laying Rccitai Ja& certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon monies to s Anne, c. 9. be given with clerks and apprentices, towards railing her Ma-jefty's fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, ampng other things, during tbe term of five years from the firft day of May, one thoufand fiven hundred and ten, a duty of four-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois was impofed on oil candles of wax, or ufually called or fold for wax candles, (notwithfianding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith,) which Jhould be made in Great Britain; and by another aft made in tbe ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for reviving, and 9 Annej continuing, and appropriating, certain duties upon feveral c. commodities to be exported c and certain duties upon coals to be water-borne and carried coaftwife j and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty-two years, to raife fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eleven ; and for fup-» preffing fuch unlawful lotteries, and fuch infurance offices, as •re therein mentioned,) an additional duty of four-pence for every found weight avoirdupois was, during thirty-two years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, impofed on all candles of wax, or ufuftlly called or fold for wax candles, (notwithfianding the mixture of any other ingredients there-with,) which Jhould pe made in Great Britain ; which faid duties offour-pente per pound, and four-pence per pound, have fince, by other afts of parliament, been continued fpr ever: and whereas tbe fraudulent praftice of making wax candles in fecret and obfeure places, without payment of duty, has of late greatly increafed, to the prejudice of the fair trader, and the injury of the revenuf,	1

which fraudulent praftice cannot fo effeftuolly be prevented as by lowering tbe duties on wax candles made in Great Britain, and by impofing an additional duty on all wax imported into Great Britain ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai ai>d temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerablcd,

Vol. XXXIV,	P	p	%	and

Digitized by Google

55b	Anno	vioefimo quarto Georgii lit; c.36.	[ 1784;

F i oin Sept. 1, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the 1784, thidu-- ciay of September, one thousand feven hundred and cun dletto*	eighty-four, the aforefaid duties of four-pence, and four-pence,

ecafe.	for every pound weight avoirdupois on all candles of wax, or

ufually called or fold for wax candles, made in Great Britamy fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any of the aforefaid duties which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture incurred before or upon the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four.

a it' it d Ik Andy to the intent that no deficiency may happen, by tbe de-thereof, the termination of the faid duties, in the refpeftive funds to which theft following du- duties were appropriated, be it further ena&ed by the authority ties (hall be aforefaid, That there (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majefty, paid-, vide- his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral duties herein-aftcr mention-lcct*	edj that is to fay;

For all wax For and upon all wax which, after the faid firft day of Sep-imported, tembery fhall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Greet after Sept, i, Britain, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and other duties tion^daty of a^rca^y i'mpofed thereupon, the fum of two-pence for every ad. per 7 pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or pound. lefler quantity; the faid duty for and upon all imported wax to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the fame:

For all wax And lhaH h* raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid to his candles made Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon ail candles in Great Bri- of wax, or ufually called or fold for wax candles, (notwith-tam, a duty of (landing the mixture of any other ingredients therewith,) pouncL which, after the faid firft day of September, fhall be made in F * Great Britahy the fum of three-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity: And for fper- And there fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid to his maceti can- Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all candles made dies, 3d. per of fpermaceti, or ufually called or fold for fpermaceti candles, pound. (notwithftanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith,) which, after the faid firft day of September, fhall be made in Great Britainy the fum of three-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or Icffer quantity.

»	III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiih},

New duty up- That the faid duty upon imported wax by this adt granted, ported^o^be ** a^rtained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, and an-jfevied and re- fwered, by fuch rules, wavs, and means, and under fuch pe-covered in the nalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form as tbe fame manner prefent duties upon wax imported are, by any law or ftatute duties.PrClent now *n forcc>t0 be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, or anfwered.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefetd,

c	That

Digitized by Google	I

*784.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georg 11Ilf. C. 36.	551

“That the duties by this a<5t impofed upon wax imported, (hall The duties befubjetf and liable to the additional duties or imports of five uP°n wax i,n* pounds per centum, ?nd five pounds per centum, feverally impof-Jiab^to tiie^ ed by the adts refpedtively made in the nineteenth and twenty- additional 5 iecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, upon the pro- per cents, im-duce and amount thereof; and that fuch additional duties or pof«d by 19 imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, fhall be railed, levied, collected, and paid, in the fame manner, c ^ and under the fame rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the faid additional duties or imports are, by the faid adts of the nineteenth and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, directed to be collected and paid.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch of,the duties impofed by this aCt upon imported wax And (hall be IBS fhall arife in England, JValeSy and the town of Berwick upon	ot^

Tweed, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners commifli* and officers df the cuftoms in England; and fuch of the duties oners of cuf* impofed by this adt upon imported wax as fhall arife in Scotland^ toms, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scotland; and all the monies arifing by and be paid the duties impofed by this aft on wax imported into Great Bri- into ihe ex-tainy (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for thecbe<fuer" Tame excepted,) (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majeft/s exchequer at Weftmtnjlery and ate hereby appropriated and (hall be applied, one moiety thereof to the fame Application ufes and purpofes, in fuch manner and under fuch regulations, thereof, as the monies arifing by the duties impofed, by the aforefaid adt of the eighth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and diredled to be applied ; and the other moiety thereof to the fame ufes and purpofes, in 'fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, as the monies arifing by the duties impofed, by the faid adl of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and diredled to be applied *

VI.	Provided always* and it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid, That, upon the exportation of any wax from this Exporters of kingdom to any port or place beyond the feas as merchandize, wax which the exporter (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of the has P.a,d tl,e ^ duties paid upon the importation of fuch wax, by virtue of this aufjMo* adfc, which drawback or allowance (hall be made in fuch man- be allowed a ncr, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfei- drawback of tures, in all refpedls, as any former drawback or allowance, the payable out of the duties of cuftoms upon the exportation of

wax, was, could, or might be made before the palling this adh

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

T*hat all fuch candles of wax, or ufuaily called or fold for wax Candles feized candles, as, from and after the firft day of September, one thou- for nonpay. fand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall be feized on impor- ,?ent du“ tation or otherwife, and be legally condemned for nonpayment bfok°n

P P 2	9i	’	>

552	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	Georgii III. C. 36. [17*4.

of the duties thereon, (hall, immediately after fuch condemnation, be broken, or otherwife defaced, and rendered uofit for

ufe.

M , .	VIII. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority

candle* made aforefaid, That the duties by this ad impofed for and upon au in Great Bri- wax candles made in Great Britain, (hall, from time to time, t,ain, to be le- be railed, received, levied, recovered, and fecured, by fuch covered^ ^th ways anc* means» an<* un<^er fuch management, and under fuch famYma'nner* Penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and a* the former mitigating penalties, and forfeitures, and with fuch power of duties. making compoiuions and other powers, and fubjed to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in fuch method, manner, and form, as the duties upon candles made in Great Britain, granted by the aforefaid ads of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anney are by thofe ads, or Powers of the by any law or ftatute thereby referred unto, or fince made, to ad*ofsand be raifed, received, levied, recovered, or fecured; and that 9 Antic, &c. the faid ads, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers* in execubcmC authorities, rules, diredions, matters, and things, therein con-ot this ad. tained, or thereby referred unto, or fince enaded, for the raif-ing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, or accounting for the duties upon candles made in Great Britain thereby granted, are by force of this ad continued, and (hall be pradifed and put in execution for raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, or accounting for the duties on wax candles made in Great Britain hereby granted, and tor making allowances out of the fame, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this prefent ad.

From Sept. 1, IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

1784.	a duty That, from and after the faid firft day of September, there (hall eve ^ unt0 ^1S Ma3efty> his heirs and fucceflors, a duty of licence for ®ve pounds for every licence to be taken out, in manner herein-making wax after mentioned, by every peffon making wax candles or fper-or fpermaceti maceti candles within Great Britain; and a duty of five (hill-candles, and jngS for, every licence to be taken out, in manner herein-after Isc^cefor*1^ mentioned, by every perfon whatfoever trading in or felling felling there- wax candles or fpermaceti candles wirhin Great Britain. of.	X.	And	be	it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

The inland That the feveral duties by this ad impofed upon wax candles duties to be and upon fpermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences to make wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and licen-pofts dPc per* ces t0 trac,e *n or ^ wax canc*les or fpermaceti candles, (hall cent, impofed be fubjed and liable to the additional duties or impofts of five by 19 Geo. 3. pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per c. *5,11	centumy feveraily impofed by the ads refpedively made in the

T*Geo/5*0. n*netc^nth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fecond years of the reign 66, upon the' of his prefent Majefty, upon the produce and amount there-amountthere- of; and that fuch additional duties or impofts of five pounds ^	per centvmy five pounds per centumy and five pounds per centum*

(hall bt raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, iti the (ame man-v%	ner,

Digitized by

Google

s$t

7 84.3 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. C. 3

er, and under the fame rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the faid additional luties or impofts are by the faid aCts of the nineteenth, twenty* irft, and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty’s reign di-eCted to be collected and paid.

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, After Sept, i. That, from and after, the faid firft day of September, no perfon ^nfo^akTor >r perfons whatfoever who now doth, or at any time hereafter fell wax or hall make, or trade in, or fell any wax candles or fpermaceti fpermaceti randies, (hall prefume, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any >rher perfon employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or ou a nc * heir benefit, either publickly or privately, to make, trade in, hr fell any wax candles or fpermaceti candles without firft tak-ng out a licence in manner herein-after mentioned, before he,

(he, or they (hall make, or trade in, or fell any wax candles or fpermaceti candles; and fuch perfon (hall, immediately upon taking out fuch licence, pay down for the fame refpeCtively the fum of money after-mentioned ; that is to fay, the fum of five Licence for pounds for a licence to make wax candles or fpermaceti can- making. 51, dies, and the fum of five (hillings for a licence to trade in or forfeiting, 5s. fell wax candles, or fpermaceti candles ; and, if fuch licences At what (hall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife places licences . in London, then fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands arctobetaken and feals of two or more of his Majefty's commiffioners for the out* duties of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of excife lhail from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the refpeCtive duty for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in London; and if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any part of England or TVaksy not within the faid limits, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feverai collectors or fupervifors of excife within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts, and the re* foeCtive duty of five pounds or five (hillings (hall be paid for fuch licences to the collector of excife within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be fo granted; and in cafe fuch licence (hall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s commiffioners of excife in Scotland, for the time being, or of luch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of excife in Scotland (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the refpeCtive duty for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh; and if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any other part of Scotland without the limits aforefaid, then	?

fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feverai collectors and iupervifors of excife within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts, and the refpeCtive duties for the fame (hall be paid to the collectors of excife within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be fo granted; and fuch refpeCtive commiflt-oners of excife, and the perfons fo to be appointed by them refpeCtively, and alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are here-by refpeCtively autborifed and required to grant and deliver fuch

P p 2	^	licences

Digitized by vjOCK^IC	y-

Dually,

Anno viccfimo quarto GeorgilIII. C. 36.	[1784,.

licences refpe&ively to the perfons who (hall ‘apply for the fame, upon payment of five pounds for a licence to make wax candles or fpermaceti candles, or upon payment of five (hillings for a licence to trade in or fell wax candles or fperma-ceti candles.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. Licences to be That every perfon or perfons who (hall takeout any fuch licence renewed an- as aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out a frelh licence,

ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the firft licence, before he, (he, or they preTume to make wax candles or fpermaceti candles, or to trade in or fell wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and in the fame manner (hall renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like fum of five pounds for every new or renewed licence to make wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and the like fum of five (hillings for every new or renewed licence to trade in or fell wax candles or fpermaceti candles, in manner and at the places and times before mentioned; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of September, prefume or offer to make any wax candles or fpermaceti candles without firft taking out a licence for making the fame, or to trade in or fell any wax candles or fpermaceti candles w ithout firft taking out a licence for trading in or felling the fame, and without renewing fuch refpedlive licence yearly, in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall refpecftively forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XIII.	Provided always. That perfons in partnerfhip, and not obli td to carryin8 on l^e*r trac*e or hufinefs of making or of trading in or take°out*more filing wax candles or fpermaceti candles in one houfe or fhop than one li- only, (hall not be obliged to take out more than one licence for

making, or more than one licence for felling, in any one year; and that no licence granted by virtue of this a(hail authorize any perfon or perfons to make, or trade in, or fell any wax candles or fpermaceti candles, in any other houfe or place than fuch houfe, or places thereto belonging, wherein, he, (he, or they lhalj dwell at the time of granting fuch licence.

XIV.	Provided alio. That no perfon that (hall take out a licence for making wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and (hall pay the faid duty of five pounds for the fame for one year, (hall be obliged to take out a licence for trading in or felling wax candles or fpermaceti candles, or to pay the faid duty of five (hillings during the fame year; but it (hall be lawful tor fuch perfon or perfons fo taking out fuch licence for making wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and paying the faid duty tor the fame, to trade in or fell wax candles or fpermaceti candles during the year he, (he, or they (hall be fo licenfed to make the fame, without taking out any other licence for trading in or-felling wax candles or fpermaceti candles.

. XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the faid duties as are charged upon licences in Englcndy JValeiy or the town of Berwick upsn Tweedy (hall be

under

Digitized by Google

Every perfon who (hall make or fell fuch candles without taking out a licence, or renewing the fame, to forfeit 201.

Perfons in partner/hip

ceuce, &c.

Perfons who have taken

out a licence for making fuch candles, may fell the fame without any other licence.

Dmies on licences to be

1784.] Anno vkttfimo quarto Georgu IIL c. 364

ander tbe management of the commiflioners and officers of hie Vlajefty's revenue of excife in England; and fuch of the faid duties as are charged upon fuch licences in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners and officers of excife in Scotland \ and all the monies arifing by the faid licences, and by. the duties by this act impofed upon wax candles or fpermaceti randies made in Great Britain (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the .fame excepted,) (hail, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at ^ejlminjler -y and are hereby appropriated and (hall be applied,, one moiety thereof to the fame ufes and purpofes, in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, as the monies arifing by the duties impofed by the aforefaid act of the eighth year of Que?n jlnne^ upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the fame ufes and purpofes, in fuch manner and un-der fuch regulations, as the monies arifing by the duties impofed by the aforefaic} aGt of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

-XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Xfiat all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by any a<t, flatute, or law, made and now in force, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining the excife or inland duty or duties upon candles, or upon any licences granted by the commiflioners of excife or inland duties, (hall be practifed, ufed, 'and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties by this act impofed upon wax candles and upon fpermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences for making wax candles or fpermaceti candles, and licences for trading in or felling wax candles or fpermaceti candles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this prefent act.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this act (hall be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefiy’s courts of record at fVeJlminjler> or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty,' his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who (hall inform, fue for, or difcover the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any action or fuit (hall be brought or commenced a-

JP p 4	gainft

555

under tbe ma* nagement of the commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpec-tively.

Duties to be paid into tbe exchequer. Application thereof.

All tbe powers and penalties in former a&s relative to the inland duties on candles, to be in force in the execution of this a&.

Penalties and

forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Limit a tic actions.

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. [1784! gainft any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing by him, her, or them done or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this aft fuch a£fcion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in fuch General UTue, altion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this a<ft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this a<5t; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their action or profecuti-on, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then (uch defendant or defendants Treble cofti. ^ave tr^le cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVil.

An afl for granting- to his Majefty certain additional rates of fojiage for conveyance of litters and packets, by ,tbe poji, within the kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing frauds in the re-venue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in Utters and packets; and for further preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from poft~ age.

Preamble.

From Alight, 1784., the following additional rate* of poftage to be taken for all letters and packets in Great Britain}' videlicet.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Maiefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards railing, by the moft eafy means, the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that It may be enaefted; and be it enafied by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the thirty-firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fuffici-ently authorifed, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to demand, have, receive, and take, tor the port and conveyance of all fuch letters and packets which he (hall coq-vey, carry, or fend poft within the kingdom of Great Britain, according to the feveral rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, the fame being rated by the letter or by the ounce, in addition to all other rates and duties, now payable for the conveyance of letters and packets by the poft within the faid kingdom, by any aft or ails of parliament now in force; that is to lay ;

v	For

Digitized by

Google

!4*] Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRgh III. c. 37.	557

'or the port and conveyance of every Angle letter, fo con- For one poft ed or carried by the poft as aforefaid, not exceeding one fta8c fin8,e Die poft ftage from the office where fuch letter may be put leu*r> within the faid kingdom of Great Britain, the fum of one ny:	<

"or every double letter, two-pence:	Double,»d.

ror every treble letter, three-pence;	Treble, jd.#

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in pro- Ounce wt. Id. tion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, con- Two P°ft

ed or carried by the poft above one poft ftage, and not ex-

eding two poft ftages, from the office where fuch letter pay £n|je ict^r#

put in, within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain id.

led England, the fum of one penny:	Double, sd«

Tot every double letter, two-pence:	Treble, 3d.

For every treble letter, thrte-*pence:	Ounce wt.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in pro-tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, con- Eighty miles t ed or carried by the poft above two poft ftages, and not ex- smer9 ding eighty Englijb miles, diftant from the office where fuch er may be put in, within that part of the faid kingdom of eat Britain called. England, the fum of one penny:

For every double letter, two-pence:	Double, *d.

For every treble letter, three-pence:	Treble, 3d.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in pro? Ouncewt.|d. 'tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, con-

red or carried by the poft above eighty Englijb miles, and not ,d.	9

reeding one hundred and fifty Englijb miles diftant from the

ce where fuch letter may be put in, within that part of the

i kingdom of Great Britain called England, the fum one

iny:	*

For every double letter, two-pence:	Double,td.

For every treble letter three-pence:	#	Treble, *d.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in pro- Ounce wt*4<L

>tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And. for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, con- Ab°TeI*°l red or carried by the poft above one hundred and fifty Eng-miles diftant from the office where fuch letter may be put 1 within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain called gland, the fum of two-pence:

For every double letter, four-pence:	Double, 4d.

For every treble letter, fixpence;	Treble, 6d.

And for every ounce in weight, eight-pence; and fo in pro- Ounce wt«Sd. 'tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port or conveyance of every fingle letter, con- From London red or carried by the ]>oft from the general poft office in the to Edinburgh, / of London, unto the city of Edinburgh, in that part of eat Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the faid generallctWr# l<* ft office in the (aid city of London, and to and from Dumfries

and

Digitized by Google

Double, sd. Treble, 3d. Ounce wt.4d.

Fifty Engliih miles, (in Scotland j) fingle letter, id.

Double, ick Treble, 3d. Ounce wt. 4th

Eighty miles ; fingle letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce'wt. 4d.

150 milee; fiigle letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce,wt.4d.

Abate 1 50 toiler, Angle letter, id.

Double, 4d. Treble, 6d. Ounce wt. Sd.

Anna vkafimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 37* [*784.

and Cockburnfpeth, and between either of thofe places and the laid city of Edinburgh, the fum of one penny:

For every double letter* two-pence :

For every treble letter, three-pence:

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, conveyed, or carried by the poft above one port ftage, and not exceeding fifty Enghjh miles, diftant from the office where fuch letter may be put in* within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of one penny:

For every double letter, two-pence:

For every treble letter, three-pence:

And for every ounce io weight, four pence ; and fo in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, conveyed or carried by the poft above fifty Englijb miles, and not exceeding eighty Englijb miles diftant from the office where fuch letter may be put in, within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of one penny ;

For every double letter, two-pence:

For every treble letter, three-pence:

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter* conveyed or carried by the poft above eighty Englijb miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty Englijb miles, diftant from the office where fuch letter may be put in, within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of ore penny:

For every double letter, two-pence :

For every treble letter, three-pence :

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and (bin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter, conveyed or carried by the poft above one hundred and fifty Eng-Iijb miles diftant from the office where fuch letter may be put in, within that part of the faid kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of two-pence:

For every double letter, four-pence i For every treble letter, fix-pence:

And for every ounce in weight, eight-pence ; and fo in proportion for every packet of writs* deeds, or other things.

HeftrtfttoM II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no letter relative to or packet (not pafiing through London,) to or from Glafgow, or leucrstoor the intermediate places by the way of Carlijle, (hall pay an frornG a gow, higher rat€ Qf p0ftage than if the fame had pafied through Edin• burgh, to or from Glajgow; aod that no letter of packet, paffiog to or from Edinburgh, or any intermediate places in England and Scotland^ north of Landau^ mall be fubje& to an higher rate of ,	poftage

559.

84*3 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c- 37' •flage than fcven-pcnce for a Angle letter, and fo in pro->rtion.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena<5led, That no tter or packet, together with the contents thereof, (hall be xed or rated at an higher rate of poftage, according to the tes and duties granted by any former a£t or adts of parlia-lent, or by this prefent adt, than as a treble letter, unlefs the me (hall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and ackets of the weight of one ounce (hall be rated as four Angle tters, and fo in proportion for every quarter of an ounce bove the weight of one ounce, reckoning each quarter of an unce as a Angle letter.

IV. Andy for the prevention of frauds on the revenue, by the im-ir tat ion into this kingdoniy in letters or packets fent by the pofly of oods which are prohibited to be importeiy or on the importation r which a duty is payable; be it further enadted, That from and fter the paffing of this adl, whenever any foreign letter or acker, containing any inclofure, (hall be received at any of the ffices of the general poll office, it (hall and may be lawful for ny of the officers employed in the faid office to carry fuch let-er or packet to any juftice of peace, or other magiftrate for the own, diftridt, or county, in which fuch office (hall be Atuatc, nd to make oath before fuch magiftrate, that he fufpedts the ame to contain goods which are prohibited to be imported, or >n the importation of which a duty is payable; and it (hall hen be lawful for him, in the prefence of the faid magiftrate, to rut with a penknife in and through the folds of the faid letter >r packet, and its inclofure or inclofures, one opening or flit not exceeding two inches ih length ; and if it (hall then appear to the faid magiftrate that any fuch goods as aforefaid ire contained therein, he (hall proceed forthwith to open the "aid letter or packet, and (hall immediately, in prefence of the "aid officer, deftroy fuch goods; and in fuch cafe, the magif-rate (hall inclofe fuch letter or packet in a cover, in which (hall be written an atteftation Agned by him, containing the name of the officer hy whom fuch letter or packet (hall have been brought to him, the time of its been fo brought, and the quantity and defcription of the goods found therein, and atteft-ing that the fame were then by him deftroyed, and (hall deliver the faid letter or packet fo inclofecj, and alfo fealed by him, to the faid officer, to be by him forwarded to the commiffioners of his AJajefty’s cuftoms, who (hall, on the receipt thereof, caufe to be paid to the laid officer any furt not exceeding Ave pounds, nor lefs than ten (hillings.

V.	And be it further enabled. That if, on making fuch opening as*aforefaid in fuch letter or packet, no fuch goods (hall be found therein, the faid magiftrate (hall then inclofe the fame in a cover, with an atteftation Agned by him, that the opening in fuch letter or packet was maae in his prefence, and (hall deliver the fame, fealed up, to the faid officer, to be tranfmitted by the ordinary courfe of the pod to the perfon or perfons to

whom

Digitized by Google

No letter under one ounce to be charged higher than at a treble letter*

Directions re* lative to foreign letters fufpe&ed of containing prohibited goods, Sees

If any fuch goods found therein they are to be deftroyed.

If no fuch goods are found, the magiftrate (hall indofe the letter in a cover, with a proper at-tcttatioa.

c* 37* C«784-J

directed when n

l»c Th*»t nrt	'

Mot to extend to the penny

K

Aft 4Goo. 3,

C. Sf

Meftinftione relative to franking let-i by mem-

Whit letters directed to members of

empted from polUge.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII IIL G

whom fuch letter or packet (hall have been direfted was received at the poft office: provided always. That no additional poftage (hall be charged on any fuch letter or packet ur cpnfequence of thefe proceedings, nor (hall any letter or packet * be detained thereby beyond the due and regular courfe of the poft, except in cafes of the moft urgent neceffity.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein-before contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter, or in anywife to affeft the rates or fums to be paid for letters or packets paffing by the carriage called Tot Penny Poft.

VII.	And whereas, notwithftanding the feveral provifions made m an aft paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftjx intituled, An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free firoha the duty of poftage, divers perfons have prefumed to counterfeit the handwritings and otherwise fraudulently to make ufe of the names ef members of parliament in thefuperfcription of letters and packets feat by the poft, with intent to avoid the payment of the dutg of poftage \ in order therefore to put the more effeftuaf (lop to thefe frauds and abufes, be it further enafted. That, from and after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, fo long as the revenue arif-ing in the general letter office, or poft office, or office of poft-mafter general, (hall continue to be carried to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, no letter or packet, fern by the pod from any place whatfoever within the kingdom of Great Britans direfted by any member of either of the two houfes of parliament of Great Britain, (hall be exempted from paying the doty of poftage according to the rates eftablifhed by the feveral afis of parliament now in force, and by this prefent aft, unlefs the whole fuperfcription upon every letter or packet fo fern (hall be of the hand writing of the member directing the fame, and (hall have indorfed thereon the name of fuch member, together with the name of the poft town from which the fame is intended to be fent, and the day, month, and year, when the fame (hall be to be put into the poft office, the day of the month to be in words at length, and the whole to be of the hand writing of the member 5 and alfo unlefs every fuch letter or packet (hall be put into the general poft office, or other poft office, or into any receiving houfe or place appointed by his Majefty’s poft-mafter general for the receipt of letters and packets to be forwarded by the poft, on the day of the date'put upon fuch letter or packet; and no letters or packets direfted to any member of either of the two houfes of parliament of Great Britain (hall be exempted from paying the duty of poftage, unlefs fuch letters and packets as (hall, during the fitting of any feffion of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any fum-mons or prorogation of the fame, be direfted to any fuch member at the place where he (hall aftually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at his ufual place of refidence in London^ or

at

Digitized by -	)ogle

34*1 Anno vlcdimo quarto Georgii 111. c. 37.	561

the houfe of parliament, or the lobby of the houfe of parlia-nt, of which he is a member.

VIII.	And be it enadled, That the feveral perfons who, by Perfonrwho, tue of any a6t or hdts of parliament, are authorifcd, in right by virtue of their refpe&ive offices and employments, to fend and receive their °®cc?*. ters free from the duty of pottage, and their fucceffors in fuch toVnd and [ices and employments, (hall and may, during their cohtinu- receive letters ce in fuch offices and employments, refpedtively fend and re- duty-free, ive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage, in the j?*? ne manner, and under fuch reftridlions, as any member of de^hc°(arae" her houfe of parliament may fend and receive the fame in reftriftions as irfuance of this adt; and (hall and may refpedttvely fend and members of ceive votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newfpa- parliament, rrs, free from the duty of pottage* in fuch and the like man* c# it as any member of either houfe of parliament may fend and ceive the fame; provided always. That nothing herein con- Not to extend ined (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the delivery to the penny : letters or packets fent or conveyed by the carriage called The 'enny Pojl.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon whatfo- Penalty on ver (hall, from and after the end of this prefent feffion of par- counterfeiting ament, forge or counterfeit the hand writing of any perfon ^rcit|ng rhatfoever, in the fuperfeription of any letter or packet to be anypmonin :nt by the poft, in order to avoid the payment or the duty of the feper-oftage, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall procure feription of

0 be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date upon the fu- to^valio

•erfeription of any fuch letter or packet, or (hall write and fend duty of

>y the poft, or caufe to be written and fent by the poft, any pottage.

etter or packet, the fuperfeription or cover whereof (hall be

orged or counterfeited, or the date upon fuch fuperfeription or

over altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of poft-

ige, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered;

very perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted in due

brm of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall be

ranfported for feven years.

X.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral rates and Duties to bs luties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, paid to the nto the hands of the receiver general tor the time being of the receiver ge-joft office, who (hall pay out of fuch rates and duties (the ne- office j :e(Tary charges of cohering, paying, and accounting for the and by him ame being firft deduced) the full, clear, and entire weekly fum paid into th )f two thoufand three hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great c*c*ie(lucr* Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpofes in

his a61 mentioned, upon Tuefdoy in every week, if it be not an loliday, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an holy day, as one week (hall fucceffively and immediately follow and lucceed another; the firft of the faid weekly payments to begin ind be made on Tuefday the thirtieth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four; and in cafe the rates and duties hereby granted (hall not be fufficient to anfwer the faid weekly payments hereby diredted to be made, that thm

Digitized by

Google

A book to be provided by the auditor, in which the weekly payments (nail be entered fcpa-rate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Defendants may plead the general iffue,

and (ha11 have treble cods.

Aono viceftmoquarto Geo^gi! 111. c. 38. [17&4.

and fo pften the deficiency and deficiencies thereof (hall be plied and made good out of the whole receipt of the rates aal duties of poftage; and in cafe the rates and duties hereby pm ed (ball be more than fufficient to anfwer the faid weekly p* menu, that then, and fo often as it (hall fo happen, the over plus (hall be appropriated and applied to fuch and the fame \Da as the prelent rates and duties of poftage are refpe&ively op by law made applicable.

XI.	And, >to the end the faid weekly fum of two ob&afand thru hundred pounds may be made a fund or fecurity for tbe purpofes berm exprejfed; be it further enaded, That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt ot the exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies which (hi! be paid in weekly as afbrefaid, for or upon account of the&k rbtas and duties, (hall be entered feparate, apart, and drffis-i from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, feu heirs and (uccefibrs, upon any account whatfoever 1 and tn* faid weekly, payments (hall be a fund for the payment of tbr feveral annuities and all fuch other charges and expences as it: directed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an ad of this prt-fent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing a cerus\ fum of money by way of annuities, and for efiaUifbing a lottery.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per-Tons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or protected, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this ad, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the genenl iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or thsr defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfoited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall bar; treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and for granting n his Majejly other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo feveral duties ci inhabited houfes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and uf fee; and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon.

Moft gracious Sovereign,	j

Preamble. "¥TTHEREAS the feveral rates and duties upon tea, expe/A V V for fale.in tbefe kingdoms, amount together to fo anfsderabi a fum, in proportion to tbe value of that commodity, as to afford greoi encouragement to the fraudulent importation thereof, and baveeontri< buted greatly to other illicit praftices highly detrimental to tbe revenue^ and of dangerous eonftqtuntes to tbe publick, tbe prevention oftubu i is become an objeft of theutmofl importance; we, your Majefty mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons ot Great Britan, in parliament affembled, do therefore think it wopJd be tor tin

advantage

Digitized by Google

r7®4*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii *1H. c. 3#;

idvantage of the publick to repeal the feveral duties in^pofeft

jpon tea, and in lieu thereof to grant unto your Majefty the

everal new duties herein-after.mentioned: and we do moft

lumbly befeech your Majefty that it piay he enaAed ; and be it

inadied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the

tdvice andconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com*

nons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-

ity of the fame, That from and after the fifteenth day of Sep- From Sept. 1$,

ember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the feve- 17841 thedu-

alrates, duties, and other impofitions upon tea imported, fold,

>r ufed in this kingdom, (hall ccafe, determine, and be no m ****** onger paid or payable.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid,

That the united company of merchants of England trading to Eaft India le Eaji Indies (hall be, and they are hereby difeharged, of and company dif-om the payment of all duties wharfoever, by any aA or aAs ^men/of"1 eretoforc impofed upon all tea, the property of the faid united Saties on wa ompany, which (hall, on the faid fifteenth day of September, in their ware-ne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, remain in the houfes, &c. at arehoufes of the faid company in Great Britain, under the that Period* >ck, or in the cuftody of the officers of his Majefty^ revenue, aving charge theredf.

III.	And be it further enaAcd by the authority aforefaid,

'hat upon all tea which, from and after the faid fifteenth day For all tea ’ September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall delivered by 5 delivered to the buyers thereof by the faid united company, the company tere (hall be paid to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccef- chafm^Sare-rs, by the purchafer or purchafers of fuch tea, a duty of twelve Qf af.er that >unds ten (hillings per centum, to be computed upon the grofs period, there ices at which fuch tea (hall behold j which dutylhall be paid, f the faid purchafer or purchafers, to the faid united com-ny, at fuch time or times as (hall* by the conditions of fuch ’	*

es, be from time to time appointed for payment of the price

fuch tea, to the faid united company; and that the-faid ited company (hall at all times, together with the proper ofr ers of the cuftoms, make up an account of twelve pounds

I	(hillings per centum, to be computed upon the grofs pricea which fuch tea (hall be fold, and pay the fame to the col-\or inwards of his Majefty’s cuftoms, within thirty days after

j expiration of each quarterly fale, which duty (hall be which (hall bn lin drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of fuch tea drawn back any place where a drawback of the duties is now allowed |^^c^>#rT law.	*

[V. And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority afore-1, That all tea upon which the duty hereby impofed (hall Ail tea ia : have been paid, and which, from and after the (aid fifteenth £ocil ^8rc* '

' of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, scprVc,**1784,

II	be entered for exportation to any place where a drawback for which the* be duties is allowed bylaw, (hall and may be delivered from duty (hall not h warehoufe wherein the fame (hall be fecured as aforefaid

that purpofe, free of any duty, fubjeA to the fame rules, tcred for ex-"

regulations.

Digitized by Google

$64	Amo vfcefim* qyarto Ghorqh II£ c. 38.

f20* .regulations^ redri<5Uons, fecurities, penalties, ancf (brfeim^s, ( vmdfronthe !n ot^er refac<^s> t0 which fuch tea would J\ave been |ghk warehoufes ^ the duty thereon had been paid and drawn back as hetea-free of duty* before direded.

V • And whereas it is juft and reasonable that the faifi uujMrsm-panyjbould, in tonfideration, of the great benefit which may refill * their commerce from the reauttion of duties hereby mt^de^ contpkk their utmojl endeavours for fecuring to; the publicl the full jntfj which willarife from an immediate and permanent reduction offrit#; Direction* for be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That tbej&id the company united company (hall, as foon as maybe after the pa&ogof

their tides of a<^> Put UP and cxPo(® to publick fale, at the lead, file tau	millions	of	pounds	weight	of	tea; and (hall, in likemaimer, «t

fome other time before the thirty-firft day of t>ece/nber% one thoufand fcven hundred and eighty-four, make another tide, t which they (hall, in the like manner, put up, at the tea&^ivo millions five hundred thoufand pounds weight of tea; and dujl thenceforward continue, to make, at the lead, four falesin^eq year, and, as near as conveniently may be, at e^al di&acst of time, and (hall put up at fuch (ales (uch quantities ofvtca is (hall be judged fufficient to fupply the demand; and that it each and every fuch fale, the tea fo put up (hall be fold withoat . referve to the highed bidder, provided an advance of one pew per pound (hall be bid upon the prices at which the lame dull Reft nation of be put up; and that at the four firft Tales, which (hall be aide the prices put aftcr the patting of this a61, the prices at which the (aid »

four fates* * ^a^ *** Pul up an<* CXP°®^ t0 f*l« (haU not exceed the following rates, videlicet,

Bohea,is«7d.

per pound;	For bohea tea,	one (hilling and feven-pence per pound;

Congo,ss. 5d.	For ^jngo tea,	two (hillings and five-pence per pound;

6ouchoog, For fouchong tea, three (hillings and three-pence per pound* * * d	For bn§'° tea>	t*ircc (hillings and three-pence per pound;

Hyfon*^r/i<h	For bylon tea,	four (hillings and eleven-pence per pound:

Reftriftion at ^nd l^at il	not be, at any time hereafter, lawful for the

all future	bud united company to put up their tea for fale at any pikes

tides.	which (hall, upon the whole of the tea fo put up at any

fale, exceed the prime cod thereof, with the freight and charge of importation, together with lawful intereft from the time of the arrival of fuch tea in Great Britain, and the common premium of infurance, as a compenfation tor the fca rifk incunfd Company to thereon; and that tne faid united company (hall from time to ftoct o/tea^ t‘mc ^enc^ OT&cn f°r purchafe of fuchiquantities of tea,, and in their ware, provide fufficient (hips to import the fame, as, being added<40 houfes, 8cc. the (lock in their warehoufes, and to the quantities ordered a(ii not arrived, (hall amount to a fufficient fupply for the keeptV a dock at lead equal to one year’s confumption, according to the Tales of the lad preceding year, always beforehand; ayd that the faid united company mall, from time to time, layt* fore the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafory

•	*	for

Digitized by

Google

4-3 Anno vicefimo quarto Geor6ii itf. c. 3^	56$

the time being, copies of the accounts and ertimate9 upoit ;h fuch orders for importation, or prices for fale, or quatl-s put up to fale, fhall be grounded, whenever fuch order*

[ be fent out, or fuch Tales made, or as often as they (hall ailed upon for the>fame, by the faid lord high treafurer, of three or mdre of the faid commiflioners of the treafury fdt time beifig.

I.	And u)hereas9 for (hi relief of all fierfoni now pojfejfd of ted bt of the faid united company, but regaining in their warehoufei rorefaid, it hath been agreed by the faid united Company, in com-ce iVith the unanimous opinion of a general meeting of the faid ns% to take back from them all fuch tea at prime cofi> as /hall, ori raid fifteenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred dnd •f-fbury remain in the warehoufei of the faid company in entire or in lots not dimini/hed after the date of fuch agreement \ be it

ler enadted by the authority afdrefaid; Thit all bargains dladferflaWI e by the faid united company fefpetftirig fueh tea as is here- to tea fold by efore defcribed, as (having been fold at their fales) (half, he faid fifteenth day of September, one thoufand fevbn hun- niall reniairi id and eighty-four; remain in their warehoufes riot delivered their ware-le buyers thereof, (hall be, and they are hereby declared td houfcs, in en-J null and Void; and that the faid company fhall forthwith tire lots, &c; it to each of the faid buyers a certificate of tne fum df money	^

:h each of the faid buyers fhall have paid to (he faid united pany iri tefpefl thereof; Which certificates fhall be received he (aid Company as and in lieu df cafh to the fame amount, ayment for any tea bought at their next erifuirig fale; or, If fo tendered in payment, the faid company (hall. Upon de-d, at any time after the prompt day; or day of payment,

>e appointed for tea to be fo bought at their next fale; pay Famb in cafh to the holder thereof.

II.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may b6 x^

□1 for all and every tea dealer, not refiding within the bills not refidmg lortality, or the borough of Southwark, who fhall,' at the wlt.h'n'the r ; of palling this aft, haVe In his, her; dr their poflefliori, of more entire cheft or chefts of tea iri the fame package iri roigh Gf rh it was originally imported iritd this kingdom by the uriit- Southwark, ompafiy of merchants ttading to the Eafi Indies, and for *re pou :h tnC inland duties fhall have been paid by or in the name fchffe^ jeh dealer, and which (hall have been purchafed at either j„cthc pack-le two laft fales Of the faid company, arid which fhall have age wherein it conveyed diredtty frbm the warehoufes of the faid company *a« imported; ie warehoufe or (hop of fuch tea dealer, td feturn fuch cheft &c* lefts of tea. By the moft proper and fpeedy cdnveyanfce, td warehoufe keeper of the foid compariy; a lift of which the company’! s, Containing an account of the number of each Cheft, the warehoufe 7 ht of tea contained in it, arid the pried which it coft at the keeper^ many’s fale, together with the name of the (hip in which it imported, and the folio in which it was printed iri the com*

’S rale book, fhall be delivered td the warehoufe keeper of aid company within eight days after the paffing df tins a£fc ol.XXXIV,	Q.q	Xri4

Digitized by Google

•* | $6	Anno	viceHtno qoarto <5tedK©tPffiv <1^8. (*7%:

afidthe {aid chert or cherts of tea (hall be taken into'the ’srtre* And if the houfes of the faid company; and if ft (hall appear, tottfc fafif-company are fj&ion of the faid company, that the tea whiCh'is coYitaiwed in tel'hM not any theft fq returned has not been unpacked fince 'it Via* define,, unpack* vered from the warehoufes of the faid company* but is the fame ed, See. they which was originally contained therein, then the prime .cdft" of are to allow fuch chert or cherts of tea, which (hall have been paid by fiidt ,h?mecofttbe ^ea*er or dealers, (hall be allowed to fach dealer or deafer** an paid for the Part of payment for fuch tea purchafed at the rtekt falC' of fEe lame, See. EaftIndia company} but if the faid Eaft India company fftall’be or opinion that the tea contained in fuch cheft or cherts fty returned is not the fame as was originally contained thereki,' or that any unfair pradfice (hall have been made ufe of, it ftvaftbe lawful for the faid company to refule fuch chert or cbefte bftbi) and that* for every chert of tea accepted, as herein-before pfu-vided, by the faid Baft India company, the commiffioners of excife (hall 'deliver a certificate of the ium of money which ties been paid for the inland duties on the tea contained in-loch chert, to the dealer returning the fame j and fuch certificate (hall be taken by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s Ctlrtuittitb payment of the cuftoms which (hall be due on the teas’to fee purchafed at the next fide of the Eaft India company j provided that every dealer (hall j within five days after the paffiftg'df^flh a<ft, deliver to the excife officer who ufually furveys <bd ftoek of fuch dealer, a lift of the teas propofed to be retutrfed to the warehoufes of the Baft India company, in all refpedls (hfrifar ia that herem-before directed to be delivered to the mifrtofe keeper of the faid company.	.	\	-

c.rnpany not , VIII. Provided always. That no dealer (hall be permitted to obliged to re* return to the Eaft India company any whole package'write* if 'five any^fuch gredn or black tea, unlefs it (hall appear that luch-deafet ItarfAi frock; at the daft furvey made thereof, previous td-thefifft lari herein* day bf Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eigHty^fburV'a* mentioned	much of either or b«h of thofe forts, over and above ihe-ehefts

are complied- fo intended to be 'returned, as would, accord ingto:!Yt*ufeal wkih	confumptipn,	to	be	computed	upon	the	average	of	the laft four

months previous to the faid fhft day ofAugaJf, be fufficlent to fupply the fame from that time till the fifteenth day otSifintkr next; and dn atcount of the ufual confumption or fuchddrftr, and of the amount of his ftoek of-green and black teis rdpfee-tivdy/at the time any whole packages are returned,- be tranfonitte^, by the1 officer of excife who ufually fOcrCys feeb dealer,- to the commiffioners of excife* and alfo to the watehioefa j keeper of the Eaft India company; and fuch officer of- etroife (hall alfo tranfmit to the directors of the Baft -company an ’	account of all teas which have, (face the twenty-fifth aity of

3Wjrlaft, been taken into the ftock of any deafer-Who'(h*H Md any chert of tea to bereturned as aforefaid, to theetid^ that if it (hould appear to -the faid directors tltat (here is jufttauft to { fefpeA-that any of the tea fo taken into the ftoCk of fifth’deafer has not paid the full duties to which the fame by law was liable,

C	the

Digitized by

Google

A^o viocfinto qutrto Qeorou HI. c. gS. -	$6j

k$x /aid direAors may,, m fitch cafe,, refute to receive any teat whatever from fuch dealer.

• IX.	And wbtrtts there	art	tertcun quantities teas now

Remaining under the locks	qf bii	Majejly's the mfiems and >

■ annft, for which the duties of cufloas have been, paid-, and certain

p/bar quantities of print teas damaged by fait water are now remain* ing in two private warebtufts under the furvey of bis Majejly's offi. „ ten of exdfe, where they were removed for the convenience of drying Nee	Jamt, forwhich the	duties	ofcufloms and have been paid{

be it further ena&ed and declared, That it (hall and may be Owqqrsd/ , lawful for the commiffioners of his MajeSy’s treafury, or any certain pried three or more of them, todirefl, by warrants under their hands, te*’ *® ***rt* the comm iff! alters of his Majefty's cuftoms or excife refpeAively pajj la -repay to the owners or proprietors of fuch teas the amount fuch part as pf the duties which have been, received for fuch part of the faid (hall remain teas as (hall be remaining in the cuftody and under the furvey |® wa(J** above mentioned, on the fifteenth day of September, one thou- J °u,

- land feven hundred and eighty-fourj provided it (hall be made 51 4p>pcar, to the fatisfa$ion of the (aid commtfiloner* of the trea-&ityvthet (he duties On the faidteas, fb remaining on the day above mentioned, have been a Anally received by the officers or the euftomoand estyife: provided always, That the owners or But for which proprietors of the bid teas (hall pay tlte duty of eighteen pounds t*!ej\0iaJI ai|4 Mn (hillings pep centum, according to the prices at which ,0>|>°ne« the leme weee bought, .for fuch parts or parcels thereof as (hall cci, *w be remaining under the lochs of his Majefty’s officers of cuftoms or wicoife, or utider furvey in the two warehoufes as above mentioned.

• X- And be It further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That ^font Oil. re, -from1 (md after-the tenth day of October, qne thoufand feven 17S4, the foi* hundred and eighty-four, there (hall be charged, railed, levied, h>»irtg addi-andpaid, unto bis Majefty, his heirs and (uccefibrs, the (ever*l and. rftfpe&ive additional rates and duties upon all inhabited aU inhabited hoofes, as herein-after mentioned, according to the number pf houfet in windows .or lights in each 1 (that is to lay), ,	Great Britain)

’	videlicet,

F-pr every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For every irv the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houiehold dwelling tmd Other offices, is or ought to be rated, under the authority houJ.e» &e* of go wfi-of the fixth year of his pseCent Majefty, intituled.	”cko.^c 3*.

OCtfor repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, window, and lights-, at j*,an id.’ and for granting to bit Majefiy other duties sepon bourn. stdmwui;,.ditional jc.» tandJigbu, at three (hillings, the additional yearly Ann of three *#»‘Wng>

For every dwelling boufe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For every :|n ibe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfeboIJ ^nd other twees, is or ought to be rated in like manner	for°f

ifevpo windows, the additional yearly him of fix (hillings! window.,«1. j ’ ■ For every dwelling hpu(b,.inbebited or to.be inhabited, with* For t win-ih the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the .hpufeboid dowa, Ss.i -	;	>	Q.q	2	and

Digitized by Google

Anno ticefitno quarto GeorgiI III. c. 38. [1784.

For 9 win-

arid other office*, is or ought to be ratedin likemamrctfa% eight windows, the additional yearly fum of eight ffifllinW:. For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or lobe inhabited,

dows, 10s. 6d.: in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hofy

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like marihiir

For 10 windows, ijt.j

nine windows, the additional yearly fum of ten (hillings and' fixpence:	_	<	-	’ '

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited'. Within the kingdom of Great	,	which,	with	the hopftrhpld

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ten windows, the additional yearly fum of thirteen (hillings: V '[ for it win- For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, withr-dows, 15s. 6d.; in the kingdom of Great Britain, Which, with the houfehold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for eleven windows, the additional yearly fum of fifteen (hillings and fixpence:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner.far twelve windows, the additional yearly fum of eighteen (hillings :	.	, •	V

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited-imth-dow*, 11. is.: ;n the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for thirteen windows, the additional yearly fum of one potind^Qoe (hilling:

for it win. dows, sSs.

For ij win-

For 14 windows, il. 5 s.:

m

For evefy dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with-

the kingdom or	Great Britain,which, with the houfehold

For 15 wln-

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like magnet for fourteen-windows, the additional yearly fum of one pound five (hillings: -

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited1, windows, iL ios. 1 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hou^hold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifteen windows, the additional yearly fum of one poundten (hillings:	' • *

For 16 win- For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhatpted^ Wfth-dows, il. 15s.: in the kingdom of Great	which,	with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ibpnner for fix teen windows, the additional yearly fum of one potitid fifteen (hillings:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, vrith-: in..the. kingdom of Great , which, with the houfcbokl and other offices, is or ought to be rated- in like thanh^ fot1 feventeen. windows, the additional /early fum of twd pfliuntli:.

For every dwelling boule, inhabited, er to be inhxbitjHi, with* in the kingdom of Great , which, with the houfeholt and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like (banner ict eighteen windows, the additional yearly fum of two ftoondlfifl h tgs * *	•	_ •-	.

F«

For .17 win dows, at.:

For j 8 windows, xl. $»

■v

Digitized by k. 3Qle

Anfto vicefinio quarto Georgii III. c. 38.	569

for every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* For 19 win-ip the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold d°ws.*k and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nineteen windows, the additional yearly fum of two pounds ten (hillings:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For to witi-io the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold dows, 151-: and other offices, is or ought to he rated in like manner for twentv windows, the additional yearly fum of two pounds fifteen millings:

: For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For ** win* in'the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold dews, yl a. and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-one windows, the additional yearly fum of three pouhds^

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For it win-in the* kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold dows, 3I. 5*.: and^ other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-two windows, the additional yearly fum of three pounds

rfuUings ?...........

. eyery dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For %% wm-in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold dows, 3I. tot.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-three windows, the additional yearly fum of three #wnd$ ten (hillings:

, $ot every dwelling hopfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- p0r *4 win-in1 the kingdom of\Great Britain, which, with the houfehold dows, 3I.1 $s.x and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-four windows, the additional yearly fum of three jflonda fifteen (hillings:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be Inhabited, with- Por 15 to 19 Jip ihe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, 41.1 apa other offices, fs or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-five windows, and not more than twenty-nine windbws, tj>e additional yearly fum of four pounds:

^ Fbrevery dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 30 to 34 iit'the kingdom of Great Britain, which. With the houfehold window*, other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for loi'1 thirty windows, and not more than thirty-four windows, the additional yearly fum of four pounds ten (hillings • #	,	b

; f,6r every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to beinhabited, with- For x$ to 39 in jbe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, 51.: aod other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for tthply-^^	more	than	thirty-nine	windows,

the additional yearly fum of five pounds:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 40 ^44 in, the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, and' other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for IOi-*

, forty windows, and not more than forty-four windows, the additional yearly fum of five pounds ten (hillings;

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 45 to 49

0.13 Digitized by

in window*.«.»

Aflno victflmo quarto pEORQli tit.

in the kingdom of Gnat Britain,", whiclu wit J ^1"6 jas and other offices, is or ought t6 be rated iQ .J forty-five windows, and not more than forty-nifipiy additional yearly fum of fix pounds:	.	a v jJ --f.

For e^ry dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited,,tivlth-ia the kingdom of Gnat Britain, which, with the and other offices, is or ought to be rated in ltke jnanipi^:''&£' fifty windows, and not more than fifty-four windows, t^e ad-datonal yearly fum of fix pounds ten (hillings;	/’:/

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, in the kingdom of Great	,which, with the boufeholtf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifty-five windows, and not more than fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly Cum of feven pounds:	__	_	‘

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, ^thin the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the bpjjfehold and other offices, is pr ought to be rated in like manner, for fixty windows, and not mote than fixty-four windows, the ad-ditional yearly fum of feven pounds ten (hillings:	‘'1 v

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited wdfc-windows, »L t in the kingdom of Great	,	which,	with	the houfebOld

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like tnannpd /or fixty-five windows,, and not more titan fixty-nine wincjbwi, ih£ additional yearly fum of eight pounds t ;	v L-i

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited,‘with-in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, wkh* the find other offices, is or ought to be rated in like m^prver for fisventy windows, and not more than fevemy-fout .wi^pWlj the additional yearly fum of eight pounds ten millings,^ ,n For 7$ to 7| For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inlw^femJWu^ window*, 9L: in the kingdom of Great	,	which,	with	the h^fehoKl

and other,offices, is or ought, to be rated in like msnxn^W feventy-five windows, and not more than feventy-nlnp'.yitt' 'dows, the additional yearly fum of nine pounds; .	J*

For 8o to Is . For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabiled. lwitll-windows, .»n the kingctofei of Great Britain, which, with "thehptilphelfi •’* ‘v*** and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ji^atjfief"far eighty windows, and pot more than eighty-fpur wjiijfelS^jtW# .additional yearly fum of nine pounds, ten (hillings? V,'

For *j to <9 For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inb*bj|ed, fyirH-Windowi, ioU in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the^bb^feHpfd and other offices, is or ought tp be rated in like nuWhv for eighty-five windows, and not more than eighty-nine V^ppwi, the additional yearly fum of ten pounds:.	?

For every dwelling hpufe, inhabited dr to be inhkb'^l y*^* ■ in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with fbe.hpSrfbhtfM and other offices,, is or ought to be rated ip. hke ^^npr .ror ’ ninety .windows, and not more than ninety-additional yearly fum of ten pounds ten (hillings ; .' “	’'

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or tp be inhabitedj Stltft-

570

For to to js

windows* tU iQs*:

For 5s to 59 Windows, 71.

For 6o to 64. * indows,

71» IPS*)

For 65 to <9

for 70 to 74. windows,

I J» 105ft

For 06 to 94 Windows, 1,1. 108.1

For

ror 05 to 94	-	w

vindow*, 1 ij,; in the kingdom of Great , which, with the tiontebold

Digitized by

Google

and

1784,^ , Anno yic^Gmp quarta GeoRGII III. t.	57*

and other offices, is or ought td'be rated in like manner for	-

nj£ety-five windows, and hot more than ninety-ftine Widows, tHd'additional yearly fiitn of eleven pounds:

J For'every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with'- For100 to 109 in ,the kingdom of Great Britain., which, with the houfehold windows, i»i-ana other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred windows, and not more than one hundred and nine windows, the additional yearly, font of twelve pound* t

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For no to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, whidh, with the houlfehokf window*, 13I-and other offices,'is or ought to be rateq in like manner for -■ qjte hundred and ten Windows, and not more than one hundred^ and nineteen windows, the additional yearly fum of thirteen pounds:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For mo to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, 14U and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and twenty windows, and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows, the additional yearly fum of fourteen pounds:

7' For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For ijo to 119 firs .the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, 1 ju ahd other offices, is ot ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred ana thirty windows, ahd not-more than one hundred. and thirty-nine windows, the additional yearly fum of fifteen pounds:	•	:

7 For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 140 to >49 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, 16L: land Other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and forty windows, and not more than one hundred stnd forty-nine windows, the additional yearly fotti of fix-feen pounds ;

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited of to be inhabited^ With- For 150 toicj in the kingdom of Great Britain,winch, with the houfehold windows, 17U and. other offices, is or ought to be rated in; like manner far one hundred and fifty windows, and not more than1 one hundred and fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly' fumof feven-.teen pounds:	7

J' For every dwelling houfe, inhabited Or to bo inhabited, With- For 16010169 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold windows, itii i^pd. other offices, is or ought to be ratod in like manner for jdhe hundred and fixty windows, and not iftore than one hundred and fixty-nine, windows, the additional yearly fum of eighteen pounds:

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited^ with- For *70 to s In the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houfehold window « apd other offices, is of ought to be rated-in like manner for r one hundred and feventy windows, and not more than one hon-'dred and feventy-nine windows, the additional yearly fom of pineteen pounds:	-	•

For every dwelling houfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- ,

C;	0.q4	"	»»••'	-	'■«

Digitized by CjOO^LC

£??	Anno yiccfinwjquartpQ^^^rJIL^.^ A [

And fo> its jn the kingdom pf Great Britain, whicji, with	;

wpw«3fc Si. and ot^er offices.. «s or ought to be rated in lil^j e»e *»*■/« y	•	onc hundred and eighty windows, and upwards* tfye^afjditioftil

yearly fgm of twenty pounds.	0 r, . iVtVi& \u-v*

XI.	And whereas it my happen that one and the.famt puupier or inhabitant of thru or mare houfesat the jam?

under the directions anapravifioni of this aft+mufl neceffarHypm ffmg*I with the rates and duties berfby impofed* rnlfjs fpeeiatfyprrw4l4 j*r\ and it not being intended that fuch perfons (houid pay the faid rates and duties for mpre than two.(uefi hoqJbps^k perfons ©ecu- therefore hereby enabled and declared by the autfiorim afp or*iiM>rcfC€ faid. That no one pprfoo (ball bp fubje&cd to the payiao^pt houfe*, to any of the rates and duties by this aCt impofed for «a«e thft pay for pnjy two hqufe$ which hf or (he (hall occupy at the feme<f4qtyt£ jtfCK?

. vided always. That each perton (hall, inalj cafes, pay Ui^fcd the greiucft10 Iatcs and duties for two fuch houfes as sail cpj£*in ihegeem^ number of eft number pf windows pf $wy iwp hQgfcsin b|s or h$c wmdoars. pation. \	,	<-..... i s hr

XII. Andy in order to provide for the rcTief of fucb pfr/onj	AM be the Oecupiers or inhabitants of three .or more bpvffs ikarpfldL^^itk_ and ajfejjid Jor the duties hereby impofed at the fame time, ^tjs.fuiv

Olapfe for re* ther enabled and declared. That every feeb perhjOjSfptwdina; Hef of perfons to be relieved from the payment of more than twptfjcrcof, monfthan	ca?M WOb l^e collectors of the feye$a^ pariftrc*

two houfes.	or pieces, for the payment of the rates and duties impofe^-fey

this adt, or previous thereto, by him or herfelf, his or her A&Qt or fervants, deliver, or capfe to be delivered, (,o thep%tn pvpcg fuch pari(h or place wherein any houfe in his or her peculation, Other than the two feveraily containing the greateft number of windows, is firuated, a declaration in writing of the fwftkplrif* in his or her occupation for which he or fheis to payt	.

ccivirig which fgch collectors as aforefaid (hall difeharge. fiocn their book or books the charges or rates made for every ^och houfe hereby Intended fo \k exempted ; which hotiop. or do- > plaration the faid collector* are hereby directed to dclive*/j*cr , jo the furyeyor 6r itifpeCtor for the diflriCt in which (uch parish or place lban be (ituated, for their information, and m Puerto fheir making ah entry of rhf,Umc in their bookfr^di ft* enabling them tp make a proportionable deduction jrpmtbe pharge againft fuch collectors,	. t->.!: r

Perfons pot JuII. And be it further enaCted 2fj?d declared, THi* &JPY paying for pcrfpn or perfons (hall ojnit pr n^gteC} to pay for fu$h two houses« houics^ac- ln t^c*r occupation, containing the greateft number of cordipg totbe according to the notice* they ftiali give tp the collectors, i* the nptice given parilhes or places in which they have houfes for which they IbtU to the collec- claim exemptipn, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit and pay, for t0o\! tofor^cit every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

^ *	XIV. Provided neverthelefs/and it is the true intent and

rates to bf1^ |ncan*ng this aCl, That the faid feveral iates and duties, berfh paid in°addj* ty/cfp?ftivcJy charged as aforefaid (hall be gaid^ oyer nbprc*

and

Digitized by

Google

Vj 1 Ante ^c^fmro quartft Ge6rgii HI' c. 38'.	gyj

in' addition to the refpedltve duties charged upon houfes tio».«o tbofo w|fido^»& by virtue of an ad, made in the fixth year of the charged by a df* Ms • prefent Majefty, intituled. An alt for repealing the Ad 6 Geo. j. al duties upon houfes, windows,and lights j and for granting to c. j8. j \iajejiy other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and of thee ’wSk', Made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his isnf MeJeTfy, intituled. An alt for repealing the duties on all and 19 Geo. 3. Pi ted houfes,	impofed by an off made in the hjl fejfton of c. 59.

r j' and/or granting to bis Mdyefty other duties upon all inhabited res in-Greut Britain ; and for amending the faid all; and alfo ' amending fo much of an	d& made in the year	of the

w of bis prefent Majefty, as impojes a duty on all fervants retained employed in the feveral capacities tbertin mentioned.

KV, Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au->rlty aforefaid, That afleflinents (hall be made out for raifing Afleflinentt to t duties upon inhabited houfes by this prefent ad impofed, be made out (A the tenth day of Qtiober, one thoufand feven hundred and from Oft. 10, hty-foui*, to the fifth day of April,one thoufand feven hun- ,7*4l*°Apr“ :d and eighty-five; which afleflment (hall be certified by the	*	*

sflbrs, and*returned by them to the commidioners, on or bene the third day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ;hty-four; ana that the furveyors (hall and may, on or before e twentieth day of February, one thoufand (even hundred and ghw-fivc following, certify their furcharges for raifing the faid ■ttiw for the faid two quarters, to the (aid commiflioners; and Appeals t appeals* in refpedt to the faid two quarters afleflinents, /hall therefrom wi May be heard and determined between the fixth day of to he ■idreb. One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, five, and the >ufth' day of April following; and that from and after the fifth from April j, ay «f 'April,one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the 17S5, the du-aid duties (hall be affeffed annually for one whole year, to com-neuce from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all uttire years the afleflment (hall be made out and certified, and* y* he itircharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the fame time is the aflefiments, furcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, tnd heard, on the duties on houfes and windows.

XVI,	And be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid.

That the faid feveral duties by this alt grimed (hall, in that Duties in pjnt ofXfrwf Britain called £ngland, be paid quarterly, on the England, to lout moftufilal days of payment in the year; (that is to fay), bepaidquar-on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day Mr 7 i of July, and the tenth day of Oftober in every year, by equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be made on the fifth day o£ Jmuirf, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-,five; and. ,nd in Scot-. in; that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the land, half-twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, for the half year betwixt 7e*r'y* Martinmu-iay and Whitjunday, and on or before the twenty- • ninth day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt Wbi}-funiey and Martinmas.	.	\

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ®ulj***°** ’X'lpt the faid duties granted by this adl lhall be charged only theoc^tieri

uPon ofhoufe*.

,	Digitized by vjOOQlC

574

Poor people exempted from church and poor rates, not liable.

The duties to be afleffed and collected in the lame manner, and under the lame penalties, Uc. as thofe granted by the felloib mg a As y

so Geo* a. ,1*

ao Geo. a, c.

*» Geo. a. c. ro.} ,

Ged. a. c. 17* s

%t Geo. a. c.

Anno vKtflmo tjuarto GcqaquHI.

upon the inhabitants or occupiers fqr the tmae., bring (hi houfes or tenements hereby cliarged, hi,, h?r, (» their r^w. live executors or adminiftrators, and not on the landlordoi landlords who let or demire the fame (except in thecafe^tim in-after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the palling of this a61, relative tothe-pit' ment of any duties or afleffments impofed, or to be mipofed up-on fuch houfes or tenements, or upon fuch inhabitants or occu piers, in refpedl thereof, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII,	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted bjrife authority aforefaid, That, no duty (hall be impofed, alleged, a levied, by virtue of this a£l, for or in refpedl of any deelihi houfe, cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occBpen, by reafon ot his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempt:; from the a&ual payment of the ufual taxes, aflctfmtnts, ant contributions-towards the church and poor.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority af«t That the faid fevcral rates and duties by this a£k imprinl fiui be a(Te(Ted, raifed, levied, colledled, and received hy peHoni it •be appointed by the feme authority, for the purpoto faercia after expreflbd, m fuch and the like form and planner, apt with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeituna, and difabilities, and according to.fuch rules, methods, andi regions, as are preferibed and appointed for afleflirtg, a2%j levying, colledling, receiving, and paying the duties pn houfa, windows, or lights, in and by an a61 of parliament made * the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty EttgCrv? the Second, intituled, An at 1 for repealing the fevtral rites at duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; for gnssOiu U £

Mqje/tyother rates and duties upon houfes, windows, «r J} * for	raffing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufanifmis^ k

annuities, to it thargedoh the faid rates or duties ± and l a&, made in the twentieth year of the reign ofhis^dijUpfl jefty, intituled, An ail to enforc the execution of an Jtffson ofparliament for granting to bis Mafejly fevtral rates a* ■ ties upon houfes,	windows, or li; and by another i4» ~

in the twemy-firft year of his ftii^t late Majefty’s reign,$tii An ail for	explaining, amending,, andfurther	enforaugtptt

oftsnailfaffed in the lojl ftffion of parliament, for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houffyjfji and lights; and for granting to his Majeuy other ties upon houfes, .windows, or lights; and for rritjogtty of four-millions four hundred thonfand pounds by mnnbc be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by an the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid Iate&iyeBy, tuled, An ail for the more effectual Zrwhtg	up*'

dews or Ugbis,' in that part of Great Britain tailed Sc0tkM> by an a6t, made' in the thirty-firft year of the reign of hi* late Majefty, intituled. An ail for granting to Us attajtfj fo pates and duties upon offices and p; and upon j fJi window or lights; and for raffing the fum y five

Digitized by

Goc :

m

r04*l • Anna vicdirto quarto Georg n III; c. 3$.

hies and a lottery, to be charged on the and diitiei ; and f an ad, mad£ in the fecond year of the reign of hi; prefent lajcfty, intituled. An all for granting to his Majejly fates xa duties upon windows or lights; and by the faid herein-before Mentioned ad, made in the fixth year of the reign of his pre-htMajcfty; and by two ads for granting to bis Majejly certain tties upon -all inhabited	houfes within the kingdom of Great Britain,

fade hi the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of hi* refent Majefty, or by any of them, fo far as the fame now re-lain in force, or are not altered by this ad ; and that all and rcry the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, penalties, fof-.•iturei, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained I'the fafd feveral ads, or any of them, for the a(Teffing, raif-ig, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties there-y granted, (ball be in mil force, ana be duly obferved, pradifed, t)iTput in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great tritom, for the afleffing, raifing, levying, colleding, and paying, lie feveral duties upon all inhabited houfes, by this ad grant-3; as Fully and enedoally, to all intents and purpofes, as tb« kfoe are or may be, for the aflefiing, raifing, levying, coiled-ifc and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforefeid cb, br any of them, fo far as the faid powers, authorities* uies, and penalties are applicable hereunfo, and not altered by His aft. -■

XX'. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That II the monies that (hall arife by the duty on. tea granted by his ad, and all the arrears of the feVeral duties and fubfidies ereby repealed, (hall, together with the monies that (haH arife iy the additional duties on inhabited houfes, granted by this A, (which additional duties on inhabited houfes (hall be paid, iy the feveral perfbns who (hall be appointed to receive the tibe, into the hands of the receiver general of the cufiotns), 1C applied and paid, by him into the receipt df the exchequer, ipon the feveral diftind heads of fubtidy, or cuftoms, as the Ipties or fubfidies hereby repealed have been paid in there* piiN

Sof tor the feveral ads of parliament for appropriating the it;* and in cafe the whole amount of the fubfidy granted, to-;«hef V»hh the monies hereby direded to be paid to the (aid teerffcr general, (hall at anytime, in any one quarter, exceed fu-fom of eighty-feven thoufand one hundred thirty-fix pounds biieeWi{hirtings and eight-pence farthing, being the one fourth Sirf of three hundred forty-eight thoufand five hundred forty-feveftpotinds fix (hillings and nine-pence, the average produce if ittC fcveraJ duties and fubfidies on teas for five years, with HCbdditibn of five pounds per centum, and five pounds par * Sin, End upon the faid duties and fubfidies by the ads of the llrtereerith and twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, the Kid receiver general mall pay over fuch furplus into the hands if tlje receiver general of excife, which (hall be by him diftti-feftd, in dde proportion, to the refpedive heads of excife to fhtth the duties of cxcifc on teas, repealed by this ad, were

Goc?#Plicable*

sn

&Geo. 3.cl.;

if Geo. t. c. 16.} and 19 Geo. 3. c si*

Monfetarif-ing by this aft to be paid into tbe ex-cbeqner by.' the receiver general of the

And in cafe of any furplin, the fame (haft be paid to the receiver general of e*-cifc* &c.

Digitized by

V

Monies paid into the ex-

- ‘	‘	.>	:• '"t,

Anno vleefimo quarto GcoRdH tl£ C.jtf

applicable, and (hall be by him paid into tl)£	Ate

chequer, at the rate of one hundred thirty.-c^bt^tWi^nd,^ hundred feventy-nine pounds, five Oiilhn^s^ and tcD«iq half-penny per quarter, being the one fourth,part of fire to dred fifty-five thoufand nine hundred and (evcqtoeo pojioi three (hillings, and fixpence, the average qf the cicifc jdnuesi tea for five years, with the addition of five poqndsperwta five pounds per centum, and five pounds per eentta^^hSi up the faid duties of cxcife by the afls of the nioeteenuL trreatj firft, and twcnty-fecond years of his prefcnt Majeftys rdf and fuch money, fo paid into the receipt of theefcbcquei,! the faid receiver general of the cuflfoms, and receiver meal lo^ applied.thc cxc*fe> refpctf ively, (hall be applied to the fame ufci v * purpofes as the former duties on teas hereby repealed, wereu plicable unto; and in cafe any deficiency (hall happen in tj faid duties, the faid receivers general refpefimly. Jhall n turn certificates thereof into the office of the aufiujjof tktij s ceipt of the exchequer aforeUid; and fuch deficiency tful) fin time to time be made good by or out of fuch jnptkyfa (bill or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of orior jwtforpin fes? exceflcs, or overplus monies, or other reyeiwb.compoSE the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund‘d after the faid certificates refpeflively (hall fiav^'^njiWrw into the office of the auditor of the (aid rece^t;_and wfiatc* monies (hall be fo iflued out of the faid replaced by or out of the firft fupplies to be by parliament.	^ uu tax

Receipt of the XXI. Provided always, and be it efa^eqL A receiver gene- receipt of the receiver general of the cuftoms PiaH ^ aft4 raio^tbLJ:uf c'cnl ^charge to the feveral perfpns who fliaU ^"afipcSetedj Charge to receive th^ faid additional duties on inhabited hopln; fjofill receiver! of the receipt of the receiver general of the excifr ffiall of jlM new duties on dent difcliarge to the receiver general of the cuiwn^ fix, fed houfes, &c. cnbnies as he (hall pay in purfuance of this *a$^iqdSfcfaS receipts (hall f;verally be allowed by the aqtfitor ^ pafling their refpeflive accounts.	,	’	.

If in any one XXII. And be it enabled by the authority	"tMj

quarter there the fubfidy fin teas hereby granted* together ihould be a houfcs, windows, and lightsA alfp granted b^tni^	®

furplusofmo-^ny one quarter, produce more than famcieht \o fi&Jy tfi thi« ad^th«by faid ^um of cighty-fev1en thoufand one hundred ^1$$^ fame (hill be pounds, fixteen (hillings, and eight-ponce, r(jrihiOg* M applied to- good the like fum to be replaced to the wards making tom duties on teas, by this a<3 repealed^ abtf chargttfon** onc hunc*rc(* thirty-eight thoufand nine hunijfaj the nextquar- pounds, five (hillings, and ten-pence halfpenny? ler.	the like fum to \k replaced to the refpeftive dfitiw^fc^xg

teas, by this a<5t filfo repealed, the Furplus which rm^t^ fatisfying the above fums, (hall be applied towards babg! good the Kke fums charged Upon the laid fubfidyin3 ddry00 houfes, windows, and lights, in the next fuccecding quarter.

%	/-> t	XX11L	Pi®1

Digitized by VjOOQLC

84*] Ahno viccQmo quarto GEorgii til. C. 3$.

ill

XXIII.	Provided neverthdefs^andhe itfurther enaded by the Seriaratc af-

iHonty aforefaid,That (eparate afleflments (hall be made out for

Rng Ae duties hereby itnpofed, which afleffments (hall be verified by the

Wight in by the afleflors, in writing under their hands, and afleflors upon

VerSfied upon their oaths, and hot otherwife, as required by oath..

fe- ad of the twentieth year of his late MajeftyV reign firit

bve:mentioned, upon pain of forfeiture of any fum, not ex-

sdiiig twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds; and that

e rommiffioners for putting this ad in execution (hall caufe

ue duplicates of the faid aneflments to be made out, delivered*

id tranfmitted, in fuch manner as is direded by any of the faid

nrier ads relating to the duties upon houfes, windows, or

^ts, with refped to the duplicates of the aflefTments therein

Mentioned.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority f^efaid. That, for the better execution of this ad, and for the CommHBon-fdering, tailing, levying, colleding, and paying the duties °f farmer ireby granted; the commiflioners authorifed or appointed, of to th^dutifs fha mall be hereafter authorifed or appointed, for putting in oft houfes and iecution the faid herein-before mentioned ads relating to the windows, (hail iities upon houfes, windows, or lights, or inhabited houfes, or becommiffi-niy of them, (hall be commiflioners for putting4 in execution curinVtbis*** his prefent ad and the powers therein contained, in all and aft; iVery the refpedive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, .cities* troughs, Cinque ports,, towns, and places refpedively, within jfiai Britain} and that the faid commiflioners, in order to the and (hall meet Wdy execution of this ad* (hall, in their refpedive counties, or before hires, ftewartries,' ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports* ,,f 1 owns,, asd places, for which they are or (hall be appointed ^pnamiflioners refpedively, meet on or before the eleventh day HOdober^ one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four; and (ball in like manner meet yearly and every year* it fuch day dt time as the faid commiflioners for the time, being (half think, propel* td appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly i rn (ball then divide themfelves to ad in feparate diftrids, and proceed in the execution of this prefent ad, for aflefling, raif-ing, levying, and colleding the duties hereby granted, in fuch Rnd;the feme manner, and under the fame regulations and di-redions, as are preferibed by the faid before mentioned ads, or • kny of them, with refped to the rates and duties thereby irn-hqfed (except in fuch cafes in which an alteration is made by tbis'ad.). ,	,	t

)gCy. Tfovidcd always, and be it further enaded by the (futurity aforefeid* That if, by any negligence or default. In cafe com* therfc'Thall not have been a meeting of the faid commiflioners, and miffioners Odtre execution of the feveral powers hereby created, within or atn°he it the time or times, or according to the manner x>r circumftan- time prtferib-Ce* direded or preferibed in and by this ad, it (hall and may ed, they may be lawful to and for the feid commiflioners, or any two or more meet and exe-bf them, in all and every the reljpcdlve counties, (hires, flewar- at*ny ether tries* ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in time;

*>	’	‘	Great



Notice tub*

Anno, yiatfmo qtkrta	^ejV.

Great Britain refpe&ively, wherein heft rie^pfkffrg^hayn happened, to meet tod execute the fa|| ppwqrs-jgt'|m	—

or tines, any thing herein contained to the contrary:^! Viithftandiog; ana they are hereby authorised andteiqfi t with, or as foon as may be, after the riakni fuch. meetings ihould have been held* And Iuch' payeen^ have been executed, according to the dhednhu!0fJ-chiaJ a<Et, to meet and execute the fame, fo as that the ..{Ea« and duties be duly aod effectually charged, raifed, " lefted, add paid, to his Majeffy, his heirs and fo the purposes in this adt, notwithffanding any fuch oc defed; and all fuch meetings and ads at the faidcot^ . ers, or any two or more Of them, (hall. be deetnedandars hereby declared, to be gdod and valid, to all intcaix and yor-pofes, notwithftaildirig any fuch omiflton ior idefed. 1.. '.I'., XXVIi And it is hereby alio enaded. That the faul eamml-

given that the (loners (hall cauCe notice to be inferted,. in the preempts to.be fro*

■»(Tj(f.w • irtrlav i • _ j	1 .•  •• r\ _ I I -at 	_•	-l	*	I	j	^	•JW	Va

a?1<or*under hole td time direded by them to the inhabitants of thepmftiei ad» ve'ttkf- mP^aces within their refpedive diffrids or divifion*, whan

fort under this they (hall think fit to be preferttors or afleflors under' the hk

aft.

before mentioned Sds, or any of theui,. tljat-fueh pqrfon? an alfo appointed affeflors of the duties on all' ihhafoeesf hoofet, aod upon windows of lights, granted by this ad.	.	V.

XXVII.	And, f»t the mart ifftQualiy tnyihg and oedir^j duty impojedby this ad, be it enaded and declared* jo-eafc at any time the comitoifiioners for putting id execuiun^afi* . prefent ad in that part of Gnat Britain .called Adgkaiaad Surveyors may Wales, or in cafe at any time the commiflloners of fuapfy ia do.chetr day. part of Great Britain called	, (bail nested tp ap-

point affeflors, or in cafe the afleflors by (ban Sppaiaited Yhall

In caTe no afleftbrt that! he appointed.

negied to perform what is required of mem by tvs that then, and-an any fuch cafe, it (hall and may bid lawful.tpand

for the furveyor or furveyors, appointed or td.be apprarttfrl un* ‘ der the authority of any of the before mentioned aSs',vto do and perform fuch and the like (erviees as are by thrfaid ads . required from fuch afleflors.

XXVIII. And be it further enaded by.ifte authority afbre-ftid,That from .and after the faid.fixteenth day of bfmm

houfet omitted' or undercharged.

SupMyort, . ftid. That from and after the Taid fixteenth day of Nmmbtrp[t)oe twice a yeae, - thoufand fevph hundred and eighty-four, the (aid ^vdyoror furcharae*of hirveyors (hall,'twice in every year, to wit, on or before the tenth - 8 • day of January? and thp tenth day of AugUjl, ywljte Terrify in writing, under his or their hand or handst by, ty^y charge, to any three dr more of the faid commiffi doers* ^wajaat inhabited houfes have been omitted to be chargndr.<>cl(»te been under-charged* with She fates and dtitlda imdqiitg by fib*

adf, in the affbfltnent made of thelame for -fthe --------■“*i*

year; and that thereupon, thd uponOath being ^ notice was left in writing at the dwelling books

°«upinrs fo charged or furdharged by .virtue of -fuch.....

ahaalvAnentt that the (bmyors intended to charge them in fuehounrvrt* and tobeit£bM, according'fo iuqh number of windows, aa they bgcj^mk r:	’	1	•<. '	   ‘	i*

Notice to be given to the occupiers fur.

^®4-] Anfio vleefiitao Quarto iSkoftoA lit c. 3 8.

l3*J

or fjy virtue of fitch certificate, the faid commiflloners, .or any Tiree or more of them, (hall caufe fuch affeffinent to be refti-|ied. according to fuch certificate, and delivered to the Collec-or*, mid the faid rates and dutiet (hall be levied accordingly.

XXIX. And he it further enabled and declared. That if any If a fbrcharge Urveyor or furveyors (halt, after the faid fifth day of April, one ft ill be omit-ihthimnd (even hundred and eighty-five, omit to make a fur- “dthefirft

l^jrirgeor fuccbarges for the firft half year, it (hall and may be may^nttde lawful:for the faidfurveyor or furveyors to make a furcharge or forthe whole (archargea fpr the whole year.	year.

XXX.	And be it further enabled and declared. That where where houfe* any houfe (hall be divided into different ftories, tenements, or are let in dif-lodgings, and (hall be inhabited by two Or more perfons or fa- lerent tene-tHHies, die fame (hall neverthetefs be fubjeft to, and (hall, in	..

like manner, pay the duties granted by this aft, as if fuch Adeemed the h&tife or tenement was inhabited by one perfon or family only; occupier. aoiH the landlord or owner of fuch j^oufe. (hall be deemed and taken to be the occupier of fuch dwelling houfe, and (hall be <dyarged with, and liable to pay the duties impofed by this

XXXI.	And be it likewife enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That all dwelling rooms In every hall and Dwelling office whatfoever, belonging to any perfon or perfons, or to rooms in of-any Vodies politick or corporate, that are or may be lawfully fi5*‘ *c.. )CftaTged with the payment of any other taxes or pari fit rates,	or

(mil be fubjift t« the duties granted by this aft, and (hill be parjft, rates, nrfpeftLvely charged as inhabited houfcs, within the true intent to be fubjeft ana hteaning ofthis aft; and the perfon or perfons, bodies po- t0 the litjck 6r corporate, to whom (He fame (hall belong, fhan be ^ fcbareed and altefffcd as the occupier or occupiers thereof: provided always, That each diftinct chamber or apartment, in any tfoilegeor naH trv any of the univerfities of Grtat	,	(hall

far fubjcft to the duties granted by this aft, as if the fame was jgn eorire bbufe. '

rXXXfl. And be it like wife enafted and declared by the au -thority aforefaid. That every chamber ot apartment in any of Apartment* tbeimis of court of chancery, being fcverallyin the tenure and the.V*^°* ^occupation of any perfon or perfons, lhalf be fubjcft 16 fho Juries granted by this aft, as if the fattle Was an entire duties, houfe. '	• '	^

rr XXXHf. Provided heverthdefs, Thai this or apy thing jjot to extend 'fiereht'cdbtjtitied, (hall not exrend, or be conftrued to extend, to anjr.bqufe 1 %bv(charge with the duties hereby grahted as aforefaid, any occupied1 by • KwCHm* tenement in the poffeffion or occupation Of his Ma-th* re7“ ***

: Jefty, $?,Smy!lof the rdya! family, nor to fubjeft or charge any m y* w* ^dtobaffadpr or fortdgh Minifter,.redding in the kingdom of ^be^rBfittUtyio orwith tliepayment of the (M^dbtfes granted .. .

And be it farther enafted and declared,- That the Ragataio» Hrtfieaandregularions provided bv the afts Of theifehtwnih and^y.aft> °* ^jaieteenfa yearsbf the reign of hisprefenr Majeftybdfort mert1 j.^r ,	tioned,	exempting

Digitized by Google

except apart-menu of officers, &c*

Parents and guardians liable to pay for infants.

$8o	Anno	Vicefimo quarto GtoRGli III.. C. 3A [^4

wtreboufet, tioned, for exempting all warehouses and building!

*c. extended for carrying on manufadures, trades, occupations, and to ibis act. from the duties on inhabited houfes, impofed by thofe

lhall be extended to exempt all fuch warehoufes and buildingi, in like manner, from the rates and duties impofed by this a d.

XXXV.	Provided always, slnd be It further enaded by tie

Hofpitab, See. authority afofefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall ci-Cxempted j	tenc1, or be conftrued to extend, to change or make liable any

Jiofpital, charity fchool, or houfe provided for the reception and relief of poor perfons, to the payment of the rate or duty impofed by this ad, except fuch apartments therein as are or mtr be occupied by the officers or fervants thereof, Which (hall be fubjed to the fame duty (according to the number of window in each) as other inhabited houfes are by this ad fubjed to.

XXXVI.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforc* laid, That where any perfbn or perfons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforefaid, (hall be under the agt of twenty-one years. In every fuch cafe the parent^ guirdians, and tutors or fuch infants refpedively, upon default o? payment by fuch infants, dial! be, and are hereby made liable to aoi charged with the payments which the laid infants ought to have made} and if fuch parents, guardians, or tutors, (hallneg* led or refufe to pay a* aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to

* proceed againft them in like manner as againft any other perfon or perfons making default of payment xif the duties hereby granted; and all parents, guatdians, and tutors, making pay* ment as aforefaid, (hall be allowed all and every fum and fums paift for fuch infants in his, her, or their accounts.

, XXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority |for«-No peffon to faM^ That the payment of any of the rates and duties ghuitw mcntVw- ky this ad, by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling hone vnent of the or houfes, in any pari(h or place, (hall not entitle the penoaor rates.	perfons fo paying fuch rates or duties to a legal fetclement in

fuch parifti or place.

What houfes XXXVIII. And be it further enaded sind declared, That do •lhall be deem, houfe (hail, within the intention of this ad, be deemed or taken td inhabited. f0 ^ an inhabited houfe, except the fame (hall be inhabited bj the owner, or his fervant or fervants, or by a tenant of teaants renting the fame.

Coramiflion- XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no per-hi Eng- fon (hall be capable, in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tml wad until0* aAing as a c°mmi(fioner in the execution of this ad, orex* they have ecuting any of the powers herein coniained (tmlefs it be the takeothe power hereby given of adminftering oaths,) until fuch time as

Majejlfs ptrfon and government i and the futceffm of tietrrjonis the heirs of the late prinufs Sophia, being proteftants; and for tx* tinguijbing the hopej of the pretended prince of Wale#, and his tf#

ed

Digitized by

Google

<784.] AnnoVicefirrio quarto GkoUGH ilf.-d. 38.	.	jk\

ani*fecrei abettors; which oaths, and any others prefcribed to be	• f

taken by this ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any two of more of the commiffioners to adminirter, and they are heTeby refpedively authorised and required to adminillcr the fame, to iny other of the (aid commiflioners accoidingly.

XL., Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any perfon on yof Hereby appointed a commiffioner for any county, city, town, or 40°**-place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (hall prefume to ad as a commiffioner in the execution of this ad, before he (hall have taken the oaths which by this ad he is-required to ‘dke^ aqd in manner hereby prescribed, he (hall forfeit to his Majefty the Turn of two hundred pounds.

XLI. Provided always. That every perfon appointed by this Commiffiott-ifct to be a commirtioner for executing the feveral powers here- rrs iit Scoffand n contained, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall, ^b^ofalte-pefore his ading as a commiffioner in the execution of this ad, gjance and ar any of the powers herein contained, take, and fubferibe the abjuration* paths of allegiance and abjuration, and fubferibe the aflurance *c. fppofnted by law to be t*ken and fubferibed by pcrlons on penalty of iji offices of publick truft in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting »oh the fum of twenty pounds fterling; which oaths it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of the faid commiflioners to tdmxnifter, and they are hereby required to adminifter the fame Jq&rdingly.

XLR. Provided likewife, and be it further enaded by the Affiffor* ta be authority aforefaid, That every perfon to be appointed an af- fworlw leffor as aforefaid (hall, before he prefumes to ad in the execution Of the faid office or employment, (ake the following oath I

!A. B. do fwear9 [or affirm, as the cafe may require] that, The oath* in the ajfcjfment which I /ball make of the houfes and boufehold 'offices within the diftrifi or pari/h for which I am appointed an af Teffir, I will rate each according to the whole number of windows therein, to the beji of my knowledge and judgement \ and that 1 will truly and faithfully execute the tru/ls repofed in me by virtue of art of the twenty-fourth year of hts prefent Majejiy, for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and for granting to his Majefty other Joties in lieu thereof\ and alfo feveral duties on inhabited loufes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee % md fqr repealing the inland duties of excife thereon.

Which oath any two or more of the commiflioners in the :ounty, (hire, city, or place, where the afleflment is to be nade, ate hereby empowered and required to admintftef.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the luthority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be capable of "ading Comitilflrort-ts a commiffioner in the execution of this prefent ad, or any of *f* f°J the he powers herein contained, within the city of London, and fi- ^

>erty of Saint Martin le Grand, nor within the city and liberty4 ^ (WOT^ af f IVeJiminJler, unlefs fucli perfon be poflefled of lands, tene- to their quaU- , nentr, or perfonal eftate, to the amount or value of two thou-* fication.

Vol. XXXIV.	Rr	fand

5*i

The oath*

Anno vicefimo quarto Georg iitit.	3^. £1^84^

find pounds at lead, after the payment of, all his, debts, apk thing herein contained to the contrary not with Sanding j wh^t qualification they (hall (wear to, previous to their a<9ingM aforefaid, or (being one of the people called Quakers) mate anq fubfcribe his folcmn affirmation, in the following form;	-

I A. 8. do /wear, [or affirm, as the cafe may require,} fisfc truly and bona fide, I have fucb an	[(peck-

ing the fame,] of tht floor value of two tboufand pounds, aver aid above what will Jatisfj and diftbargo all mj debts.	r

So help me GOD.

Penalty on And if any perfon (hall prefume to adt as a commiffioner m.tha commiffioner* execution of this prefent a<S, or any of the powers herein con * the'Pb wf01* ta*ned» within the city of L, and liberty of Saint Martin It taken the Grand, or within the city and liberty of Ive/lminfter, before lie oath.	(hall have taken fuch oath, or .made fuch affirmation as iierejn-

befbre is directed, he (hall forfeit, for every fuch ofFeriqe, the fum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof (hall be to bis Majedy. his heirs and fucceffors^ and the other qjosety to any perfon or perfons who will inform and fue foe the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enadted by the authority bforefSeiff, Perfon* over- That if any perfon or perlbns (hall tnink himfejf^ henclfVdr pSl to*SeaP* 'hemfeives refpedtively overcharged or overrated by aqy l$effi-commiffion- ment, charge, or furcharge, to be made by virtue of or purer*.	fuance of this adt, it (ball be lawful for him pr them r^cq-

tively to appeal to the faid comroifljoners, or any three or mote -of them, and the (aid commiffioner*, or any three or ptote.^f them, (hall, and they are hereby required tp hear and d ‘ mine all fuch appeals•, and that all fuch appeals (hafi be t and determined on the days appointed, and in (be. fgf directed in the feveral aids herein-before mentioned^ if ith ff" (pedl to the rates and duties thereby granted. v XLV. And be it further enadted by the authority at Commiffion- That the faid commiffioners, or any of them, (hall not, we’ofappeal* *he hcarin§ oi any appeal, make any abatement ,btf oG-not to make ’ cation in the charge or (breharge made upon any perf^ ltyloo any abate- afleflment as aforefaid, or the fiircharge of any fuchfutyeyor ment.&c.un- er furveyors as aforefaid, but the fame (nail (land good, and re-inade^noatb roa‘n Part the annual afleffinents, unlefe it (hall then'a ' ' that the ap- * to the (aid commiffioners, by examination of the circuinU peiiant i* of the cafe upon oath, that fuch perfon hath been ovand&jl in over-rated, and by fuch afieffinent or furcharge ; in which cafes fbetaid commiffioners are hereby authorized and impowered, upon every fuch appeal, to abate or diminUh any fuch afieffinent b be made as aforefaid, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this adl; and every perfon intending to appeal to the iiud commiffioners - ihall, and is hereby required to give, at the lead, ten days no-

tics

Digitized 6y

by Google

1^4,} ^nno vicpfimp quarto Gborgii III. c. 3$.	gSg

tj^e thereof to apy afleflor or affeffors, furveyor or furveyors of Pcrfcmi in. ^c wriui or pl?tc therein fuch perfon is affefled, of fuch in-ap* t^ptjqn to appeal ; and fuch afleflor or affeffors, furveyor or far- gjve* ™ dayg veyors, may then and there attend and juftify the faid afleff- notice to the ipenr and furchargc ; and fuch afleflor and alfeffors,' furveyor afleflor*, &c* and fyrveyors* and appeHant, (hall have full and free liberty to he prefent during all the time of hearing fuch appeals, and of trie laid,cpmmimoners determining the feme.

'* XLVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all appeals, oncp heard and determined by the faid com*,Defermtnf-miflioners, or any thrfce or more of them, or the major part of tiun of the them then prefent, on the day or days by them appointed for bearing of appeals, (hall be final, except as hereinafter di-^T n!‘

layil. And be it further enadted by the- authority afore-Ihld, That if any fuch .affeffor or affeffors, furveyor or furvey- Perfon* diflh-ors, orJhe perfops fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain tisfied with (tnglond, or in Wak\ or m Berwick uf>on Tweedy (hall ap- the determi-preliend the determination made by the faid commiffioners to ^miffionerf fxe contrary to the true intent and meaniqg of this ,adt, and may, in Eug* fball then ^declare |iim(elf or herfelf diffatisfied with fuch deters laodoc Wale* ininatiop, it. (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch afleflor or ;pfl<dfor$,' furveyor or furveyors, or appellant refpedtively, to re- 6f [be eour^pf gp'ifc the faid commi/fioners to ftate fpecially, and to fign the King's Bench, <tfe ifpop which the queftion arofe, together with the de* &c.

Srminatlbn thereupon; which oafe the /aid commiffioners, or ie major part of them then prefentj are hereby required to and fign accordingly* and to cau/^ the fame to be deliver*

«d to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him ^cr her tranfmitted to one of the juftices of (He court of king*?_

^ ^ieb.qr common pleas, or to one of the borons of the cour* exchequer, for the time being; and eyeryKbch juftice and ^ prop is hereby required, yvith all convenient fpeed, to return \an anfwer toluch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion there*

JUj>on tubferibed thereto; according to .which opinion, fo certl-^fied, the affeffmem which (hall have been thd dfife of fuch ^ppeari (hall be altered or confirmed; and that if fuch afleflor and fix Scot-yor pffeifors, furveyor or furveyors, or the perfon fo appeal- I*1*! one of jhg, in that part of Great Britain called' Scotland* (hall appre-llend the determination made by the faid commiffioners to be fe®an, or be* contrary jo the true intent and meaning of this adt, and (hall ronttfetchc* ]|jhen declare himfelf qr herfelf diffatisfied with fuch fietermina-qd«r there* ppd may .be lawful to and for fuclr furveyor, or perfon diflatisfied refpedtively, to require the faid comm*(fi-/he major part of them then prefent, to (late fpecially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with ^fheir d^terafinaqon thereupon; which cafe the faid comrrtiffi-

S are hereby required to (late and fign accordingly, and 10 the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch -jovwft ^s aforefa^ to bc by him or her transmitted to one of judges of the.eQUH of feffion, or one of the barons of tho '	*	R	r	2	cxch«-

Digitized by Google

5H	Anno	vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38.	{1784*

exchequer, in Scotland ; and every fuch judge and baroa jf • hereby required, with all convenient Ipfced, tb return anaitfWcf f. to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion therettpocrfnbicttbk cd thereto; according to which opinion, fa certified^ AerfHR*

'T	ment which {hall have been the caufe pf fuch appeal find! be t-

tered or confirmed: provided always, Thatno*with(bnxfing*ny inch cafe To tranfmitted to any of the faid jufttces,_jtidga^imr barons, the determination of the faid commiffiohers (bailfiaijd, with refpe& to the payments which (hall become due preee* dent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or to* ron, upon fuch cafe.	-Or

XLVIII, Provided always, and be it enabled. That all {Penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offcnces agaitiff this a&, for which there is no particular way. of levying herd* preferibed or appointed, (hall be recovered in any of isir M*» jefty’s courts of record at jyeftmmjler, with cofts ©f fuit, bf Portion of debt or on tbe cafe, bill, fuit, or information* whewnr no efloin, prote&ion, wager at Jaw* or more than one impart lance, (hall be allowed.	:-«-f	'	*

XL1X. Provided always, and be it eroded* That *11 dan* ^ tot*	ftableS and headboroughs* tything men*and otherfcfeMqjeftyV

uuran * officers, (hall, and are hereby required and enjoibed* tefae^ fpedively aiding and a flirting in the execution of thisady *nd to obey and execute fuch precepts and warrants arfhhllhtow them directed in that behalf by the re(pedivecoorttniffionm

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be re* Covered*

Caaftabtes,

&c. to be ak ing and aflift ing in execut ing this ad.

From Sept.

15,1784, the following ad* ditional duties to be paid to bis Mi jetty ; videlicet.

hereby appointed, or any three or more of them. r	t	r

L. And it is hereby further enaded bythe atrtborrtyrafbto faid. That there (hall be raifed, levied, coUeded, ahdjptid^ w and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs .and facaenbr%IJbt and upon the feveral good? herein-after mentioned, which from hnd after the faid fifteenth day of September^ onetboshod feven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought hue this kingdom from' foreign parts, or be delivered out of* the warehoules in which the fame (haU, on the faid fiftcenritday-of September, be lodged under (he care and cuftody of the ps«*t pet officers for fecuring the duties heretofore (^yabte^thtorin, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, akcaflytfcto pofed thereon, the feveral and refptflivc, dude* fhllnfiwg; (that is to lay;)	^	^

■ {

For every

pound of cocoa nuts, the produce of BritHh Amt-

l^ifthe^pro- ^or CVCI7 Pounc* weight avoirdupois of eoGoa^^vnt% duce of any * the growth or produce pf any Brtiijb colony or phuitimnht other place,	America,	and imported dire&ly from thence, the film >c£ few

U.6d.	pence:

For every And for every like pound weight of cocoa nuts of inf otto feeUthe°frof* P^ace» die °* onc Sidling and fixpence:	.*:\m

duce of Britifli For every like pound weight of cofiee, of the growth'Wi’f*** America, See, duce of any Britijb colony or plantation in Am&k$i andhn» sd.	ported direclly from thence, the fum of fixpence:

But if the prp-	^ad for every like pound weight ofcoffc^ofaoy other

place, the fam of two (hillings ^nd fixpcncci - -

■ • u * Jisf

duce of any other place, as* Sd.

Digitized by

Google

jh' v'	z:.



/

. V

<784,} Anno yicefitno quarto Geoegii HI. c. 38.	585

-And in thofe proportions for any greater or Iefs quantity • and New duties to tbe> (aid duties (bail' alfo be fubjeft and liable to an additional **	*°

import or duty of five pounds per centu, and five pounds per f^poftof^ centum thereon, which were impofed by two feveral afts of par- percent, and lianot, made in the nineteenth and twenty-fecond years of 5 P*r cent. biaJ^Ujerty'f reign, for granting to his Majerty additional du-	,m*

taeoujpoa the produce of the feveral duties under the manage-	,.V.9*c,

meat of the refpcftivc commiflioners of the cuftoms and excile and'** Geo. in Great Britain.	1, c. 66.

LI. And it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the duties herein-before granted upon the importation of Import da tie* cocoa nuts and coffee (hall be under the management and di- to be under rsrtion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Eng- the "**“*£*• land and Scotland relpeftively, and (hall be paid down in ready J^ra?ffio»ers money, without any difcount or deduftion whatfeever; and the of the cuC. (aid duties (hall be rairtd, levied, collefted, recovered, and paid, toms, and to and (ball be drawn bach upon the exportation Of the fame b*P*idil* ^ goods, in .the fame manner and form, and under fuch reftric-tiopfif penalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and qacthodc, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are refptt^ively rairtd, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and alio wed (except wbere any alteration is made by this ad,) as folly, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any aft or afts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again otnftcd in the body of this prefent aft. jLIL And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

Tint, from and after the faid fifteenth day of	,	one

tboufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the feveral duties and |Ynd duUm** other hnpofitions of excife, commonly called The Inland , npon cocoa upon all. cocoa nuts or coffee imported, fold, or ufed in this nuts and eof-tongdom, (ball ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or pay- fatoccafe. ahle.

,.LUI. Provided-always, That in order to eafe the merchants Claufc foevs^' «ad.'importers of coffee and cocoa nuts from the difficulty °f enofcdEto** raying down the full duties impofed thereon by this aft, it is ,na cocoa hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid nuts, duties (hall not be paid for any coffee or cocoa nuts which (hall Iwimperred into this kingdom, from and after the faid fifteenth day of September,one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, pcerridedithat fuch coffee or cocoa nuts (hall, ujion landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under his Majefty’s locks, in fvsfc'wyrahtule os warehoufes (to be provided at the expence of the importer or proprietor of fuch goods) as the colleftor and .comptroller, or other principal officer of (he cuftoms at the gore of importation, (hall approve of for that purport, and (hall ||iot be taken out or delivered from fuch warehoufe or ware-rofea,,but upon the following conditions; (that is to fay,)

[f ftich coffee or cocoa nuts, or any part thereof, (hall be defi-Cerdd for exportation to foreign parts, the fame (hall he fubjeft iqd Ii*bl$ to the Uk« rtcurity, regulations, and reflriftions, as

jt f £ Digitized by VjOOgle '

$86	1 Anno vkefimo quarto GEpfeGlI ltl,C 39;

"Soft India goods prohibited to bp worn or ufod in are now liable to by law; but if fuch coffteor Cpcopfantejdr any part thereof, ftialt be taken out in order-to- bo.wfi&J kingdom, the perfon or petfons fo taking out tbd faene Ofalhkrft pay down the raid additional duties, and tbdy (hdtfto.Pty’oite reipe&s be liable to the fame reftruSioni and aognjariotw is they would hare been fbb$e& and liable to if fuch topflpk t>H cocoa nuts bad not been warehoufed in purfcaoCP of tbi^p: If fuch coffee0" provided always. That if ftitb coffee or cocoa-buM J&W# or cocoa nuts Either exported, or the duties paid fob the feme, withsp <fwl*s ^al'n“be Calendar months front the importation thereof, but Qtill then tbe?tttie$0r continue and be remaining in the laid warehoafe of wate-paid,within 1* houfes, in fuch cafe it (hail and may be lawful fdr months, the (loners of his Majefly’s cuftotm for England ttaAStotkmtht*4*-•?tivc'y» ior any three or more of them for the time	to

n,a„*J“,^,w caufe fuch coffee or Cocoa nuti, To remaining, to itcae,	See. fold by auction, or irtef? of candle, to the beft bidder-jppdfi*

money arifing by fuch Tale to be applied firft irt dtfoRai^e. eftfce duties, and the expence's of fuoh file; and the ewerplU% (jfWWy) to be paid to the importer or proprietor 6f faeh cofjfcexiepocPt nuts', or other perfons legally authorifed to receive (hcfiwpe; 'any thing herein-before Contained to thc contrarry notwitMbwd-•ing, .	,1 ..it:.

XIV. And be it ftlrtfief enacted by the Authority ufnftfafif, Defendant* That if any perfon or perfons (halt at any tilde or tim«$-b^B*d, may plead the molefted, or profcuted, for any thing by him or them: general iflue, executed in purfoance of this aCt, or of any elaufe, tnfratpfj^or thing herein contained', fuch perfon or perrons ffadfl ipvi nay plead the general iflue; and give the (pedal matter ifh et^opce for his or their defence; and if upon the triad a verbid ,pafs for the defendant ordefendants, or the plaintiff orptpin-tiflfs (hall difcontlniiC any adlon, or fttffer nofcprov-pn^al become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants, &aR have treble cofls awarded to him or them agaiflft fuch plaintiff or. plaintiffs.	'	...	..

<<' CAP.- XXXIX. .	'	5

f '	............ . .	.	'	•	‘

Jin eft for granting annuities to Jatisfy	yi&Utfub

and tranfportbilU, and ordkanct debentures, ;•

Mod gracious Sovereign,	...	f]

WE, you; Majcfty's mod dutiful and loyal fubjedls,-{the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, have taken into our forious cpnfidcration the prefem date pf.tbe debt of your MajelVy’s navy, and office of ordnance ; a ndr feting: defirous to make feme provifion towards fatisfaftion thenron have refolved. That all perfons intereffed in, or inti tied Opto,! .pny bill or bills payable iti the courfe pf the nary or vidh^HiH offices, or for tranfports. Which were made oat on oc brfo«*| the thirtieth day pf fant, one thoufand feven hundred

Digitized, by CjOO^Ic	Ctgbr

jatvd have treble colt*.

Preamble.

I7$4«l Anno viceGmo quarto GboRGII lit. c. 30*	5*7

Jeighly-twd, whoalrdady have cartied, br- (hould, on or before r tW5 'tefttft day OfOfftoer, one thoufatnd feven hundred and “yufbw, carry the fame* after having had the mtereft there-hom(Tilted'and Marked upon the (aid bills at the navy or rflinftCffice refpeiftively, to the office of the treafurer of 1ff$)PM*jdfyl’'ttavyf mould have in exchange for the fame, from "^hdWfeaftmayo* hiepaymaftcr or cafhier, a certificate to the end Company of the bank of England., for every entire "	ofleor	morehundred pounds, of which fuch bill of bills,

•'* WgRheAfWkh the Uttered fo marked, (hould confift (end alfo one *' wMt certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, nlfeinief the remainder of fuch bill or bills; and the perfohs who

*	4fedUld be petiefled of fuch firft-mentioned certificates, of the etttirtf fam of one er more hnndred pounds, (hould, upon deli-'‘Wry thereof to the (aid governor and company, be intitled, in - TefpetSfr of the feme, to the fum of one hundred and (even

gedndl, ten fhfflines, and fixpence capital (lock, for each one Hundred pounds of fuch trills made out on or before the (aid '* thfttieth dfy of June, ooe thoufmd (even hundred and, eighty*

' -MVo; and have alfo refolved, That all perforts interefted in, or < idtitted unto, any debentures payable out of the office of ord-; Uffrtfce/Which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June,

1 UtaC fhottfimd (even hundred and eighty-two, who already have carried, or (hould, on or before the tenth day of October, onft (i^thdaflmd feven hundred and eighty-(bur, parry the fame to the 1 tteafiarer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance* and (hould have the intereft oa fuch debentures computed after the rate of four ' pounds per ttntum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen ■' tttoWhs from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, ono 'thoufand feven hundredand eighty-four, and (hould have a ccr-"' tificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount ; -of thb principal and mtereft of (uch debentures, and alfo a cer-. 'iflfidrte for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, the firft ,,c%f thefaid certificates to be earned to the governor and com*

?)l ,pttny of the bank of England, (hould be intitled, in refpeCtbf . the fame, to the fom of one hundred and feven pounds, ten {hillings, and fixpence capital (lock, for each one hundred pounds of fuch debentures made out on or before the faid thir-. tie da day of June, one thoufadd feven hundred and eighty-two, the” fed capital (lock to he attended with annuities after the ' rate of five pounds per centum per annum i We, your Majefty’s mod faithful commons, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaCted; add be it enaCfod by the - King's moft excellent .Majefty, by and with the advice and -3jfcbn(ent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^’1’this prefbnt parliament aflembled, and hy the authority of the

That all perlbns interefted in or intitled unto any bill or All perrons

*	bHlS, payable in the courfe of the navy or victualling offices, or interefted in

*	■ ‘dbrtthnlports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day a"Y n*v.Jr or

.• ■ ''t&J&ne,one thousand feven hundredand eighty-two, whb (hair,	.

1 er before the tenth-day of Qftober, one thoufend feven hun-

;	o0gie	.	*•»

pr ordinance debenture*, made out or dated on or before June jo, 17?*,

Anno vttiefimo quaftoGEOROp Iffi cJ'g^;nif 17S4;:

dred and eighty-foot, earry th« lame, ’afterttliwilfg (fod^bgilfeer. tereft thereupon computed up -to the sfitrfe^dby of Jkftf thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, and marked laid bills at the navyor vi&oalltng offices tefpe&lvaly,£OOr!»tst-: office of the treafurer of hjs Majefty’s rtavy, &all tttvef 4ikfe«u -change for the fame, from fuch treafurer, or his payttUftaror eafhier, a certificate to the governor and company of the faflk of 'Engktdyfor every entire fum of one or more hundred poaudf-pf which fuch bill or bills, together with the i nte reft forrtarisd . thereupon, (hall confift, and-alfo one other certificate‘for-tho-fra&ional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder the amount of the principal and inteteft of fuch billor bills') t|d the perfont who (hall be pofiefied offuch firft-mentionsMl cewi-£ ficates of the entire fum of one or more hundred pound*, (hatl, Upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and cSdfpaiW^bs in tit led, in retpoft of the fames to the Atm of one tamdtwbd (even pounds, ten (hillings, and fixpence capital deck, foftach one hundred pound, of fu-b bills made out on or; beforo ths faid. thirtieth day of June, one thpufirnd feven hundred and eighty-two; and alio that all perfons imerefted in-or/knitted' unto any debentures, payable out-of the office of- cvntevanCe, which were dated on or before the. t hirtieth day of JUAts one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two* Who (hah, onirbp* fore the tenth day of Qflober, one tlioufend '(even hundred aMd who (hail, on eighty-four, carry the,fame to the treafurer of his' Majefiy'So£-or before Oft. fice of ordnance, and (hail have-the intereft on fuch debentures 1“ 17P+’ f computed after the rate of four pounds per, eenttm	m*math

toVh. V/lpeft- from tho expiration of fifteen months from the date thcredf^'te jve treafurer*, the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred,and! eighty* snd have the fupr, and (hall nave a certificate for every one hundred-pounds contained in the amount of principal and intereft of fueh debdt^ tores, ynd alfo a certificate for the fractional part of onehuhdnai ppundt, the firft of the laid certificates to be carried-to the go* vernor and company of the bank of England, (hall -bd vnritlerf, in refpe^tof the fame, to the fum of one hundred andfotat the bank °«nd P°upds, *pn (billings -and- fixpence capital flock, for bach ooe be intuit’d to hundred pounds of fuch debentures made out on or before-S07I. 101. 6d. (aid.thirtieth day of June, one thoufand feVen hundredaod flock for the eighty-two; which faid Capital flock (hall be attended' WJtban-amt* ** S •“•ft®* after tbe rate of five pounds per ttnium per annum? to commence from the fifth day of July, one thoufand fcwUA hundred and eighty-four, and lhall be paid and payable at the bank of England,at tfie times and in the manner herein-afipr men* tioned.	1

, II. And bp it further engfied by the authority, afbrefind, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perform, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, ash* ffiall be podefied pf, interefted. in, or intitlcd unto any bill or bills, payable in courfe out of hi$ Majefty's offices of thenavy pr yidfualling, or for ttanfporis, or any debenture or debentures, payable ouf pf his AJajefty’s office of ordnance, wbsd)

............W«B

[' tized byCjOOQlC

interci^ com pufed the e qn, (hall have a certificate jFor every jopl. to the

governor of

fxnu

Jerfont ppf-feifffd of mvy, or victualling bitW.&C. daud pit W befor*

j£jn«r, Wiirfz.

?q deliver |iif m tp the

*7*4*1'	iqtjartaGBQRGH lit C. 39* -	■*

flrcrejrfifpe&hwty mfcdcow or dated in the faid refoeft'we offices, refpeftive >n cmbeforethc, thirtieth day of jum, one thoufand feven hun- ^^^j^*

1 red-Asd:eightyrtwo» to deliver fucb bill or bills, debenture or &e. before * dcbwpuwces, 40.the.refpeftive treafure»of the faid offices, to be Oft. to, 17S4. marked, cancelled, and certified, in inch manner as is-hereiu-aftevcnsenttaocd, at any time on or before the tenth-day of O£iokmi:os)fi tbouiaad (even hundred and eighty-four, acid at fuchhpbge orplaccs as (hall have been appointed by notice givmvia the	LMdon GnztUt, and other publick papers for that

punefe,	• ' *

HI .Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the intsreft which became due on the Intend which (aidififth day ofij^, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- due fomi,, for and in refpecl of. fuch of the faid navy, viduaJling, nmdctranip^rt, bills as hear an intereft, (hall be computed and bills,’&c. fall malt feed u pea the. laid, bills at the navy or vi&ualling office re- be marked fpetfthwly, before the famc are delivered to thetreafurer of his thereon, be-Msjtftji's navy j and the proper officer and officers -of bis Ma^ jJ? y lefty’* navy office and victualling office refpe&ivdy, is and are &e treafurer. hetaby authorized and required to compute and mark the in-.tetyft as aforefiiid, upon every .fitch bill which (hall be tendered ^odtiot.or them for that purpofe.

■ W. ■And! be it; further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for ibe-treafurer of his Treafurer of Majclto’s navy for the time beings to take in and receive from the azvy to alk aod ©veryrperfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies	^n_

pqhtkk or.corporate, who is, are, or (hall be poffefled of, in- m oft. to, teceficd in, or intitled unto, any fuch .navy, victualling, or 1784. trapfport bills, all the faid bills which any fuch per Ton or per-fariV bodies politick or, corporate, (hall, on or before the faid tenth day of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and cigbty-

fchir,deliver te fuch treafurer; and the faid treafurer, or his Bitlitobvcan. pay mailer and celhier, is and are hereby authorised and requir- celleo, and ed to. markrand cancel every fueh.bill, and make fonhandAgn the certificates herein dire&ed >to be. made out in lieu of the (aid. jfeuthercof, fastis;/&nd that i( alio (hall and may be* lawful to and for thc.&c,. treafurer of his JVjajefty’s office of ordnance, in like manner, to tai^p in all fuch debentures, payable out.of the faid office of iocd* nancev i which, on or before .the laid teoth day. of Oftsdrr, one *.. thoufand- feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall .be delivered ta him? and the faid lad mentioned treafurer, or his deputy, is hwefay)authorized and required.to.caned the fame, and.to make forth.aad figa the. certificates herein direfted to be made out in lieu of-fuch debentures. -

V*-1And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	•	-

-That all and every perfon and perfons,. bodies.politick and cor- Every certig-.petetq, who (hall deliver any fuch bill or. bills, debenture or cste for tooI*

. debentures, to the faid refpeftive treafurers as aforefaid,: upon tQ b?v.£	:

producing.fuch certificates as are. hereby direfted to.be made caat-i ^ forth by the (aid treafurers, in Ijeu.pffoch.bills and debentures, F’

of. the prinfipai. Aim hcwl^. granted for every *	’	1

entire

Digitized by VjOOQlC

§99

to be paid at the bank half-yearly.

Anno xt^Qmo- quarto Grorgu III. c. 39. [1784.

entire funaof pan hundred pounds contained in fuch r^fpfe&rrt certificates* have and be intitied to an annuity after the rafttof five pounds per centum per onnicm, to commence front theGrid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred ahd ei^Htjr»Rwr, and to be paid or payahle to fuch perfbn orpetlbm, bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, (he, or they flnll appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afigns refpeCtivcly; which faid annuity (hall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at .tw^of the mbft ufual dayk Of payment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth, day of January, and Ae fifth day of July, the firft payment thereof to btkotwt'dafc on the fifth day of January, One thoafand fey in hundred aritf eighty-five; and that alt perfons and corporations, intitied to any fuch annuity or annuities aforefaid, and his, her,'and their"adqud-firators, fucceffors, and affigns refpedKyely, and all perfooS aid corporations lawfully claiming Under hitn, her, ot them, IM1 have good, fure, abfolute, and indeferaableeftatfci and kftertb in the (aid annuities, according to the tenor andfriiemeio!»» of this ad, and (hall be poffefied thereof is of a perfohifl'dSaft, which (hall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to Unf fdhign attachment by the cuftom bf 'Lmddn, Ot othenWfe,- aby Mr, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary iTOtWithftihdihg; artdrtnt all the (aid annuities (hall be free from all taxes,: charges, and impofitions whatfoever.	J'..

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority afairefed, That the faid annuities, after the rate of fife pbdrtds per Bit per a/mum, (hall be charged and chargeable upon; add piySHe out.of,< the. monies which (hall from rime to timet arlffe aridk! «n» muon *n r®e'Pt °f.the exchequer, of the fund to be eftabfifbed in knd collateral. tW* feffioa of parliament, Ond ft>r which the fund, cctfijoftcfly lyontbtfink- called,^ Sitting Fund, (hall be a coHatentfecifrity; arnfffiit

Annuities to be tax free.

Anntritfc* charged on fc fund to be eftablifoed this feffion.

iigfi



Treaforer of the navy} to give certificates for bills.

and the tr*a-furfef of the btdnance for ttetfentaitf.

thafid annuities (haft A>e irredeemable UtltH twenty.five'tm!-liony pf the publick. debt,’ bearing rntCreft after the rateof other three, pounds per centum per annum, or four boumds prr rHem perjmmnt, (hall have been redeemed and paid off.- '

VQ. And be it further enacted by the authoKty aforefiftl, That, opon the delivering -in of every fuch haft, viftualfing, or traafport bill, by any perfbn or pferfons,’ bodies pbliricl: er corporate, the trealurer Of his Majtfiy’s navy,orhispaytnifer and caftnef, (hail, and they are hereby authorifed and teqoned forthwith to give a certificate figned by him Or them fwrfhe principal (um-or fums contained in every fuch trill,' arid affo for ithe intereff which (hall have been computed and marled.» aforefaid to be due on the faid fifth day of Jnfy, one thou Rod feven hundred and eighry-four. Upon fuch of life Rid frilhias bear an intereft, to fuch perfbn. Or perfons, bddiei polhidt er corporate, or his, her, or their afiigris t and tWit upon the So livering in by any perlon or perfons, bodies politick or rate, of every fuen debenture or debentures, the n'eafuferbFhit Majefty’s office of ordnance, or his deputy, (hall, and they in hereby authorifed and retired forthwith tb' givi'a 'rtfrifiert,

‘	figius

Digitized by Google

^$4-1 Anno vicefirrtO qaartb Georgii Ilf. c: 39V	59^

Bby tfiefaidtreafurer, or deputy, for the principal futfc ftS contained m every Rich debenture, arid alfo for the inch fuCh debentures, computed after the rate Of four pounds HtuhpeT ornum, from the expiration of fifteen months ftotft ate thereof to the iSfth day of July* one thoilfend feveh 'ed arid eighty-four, to fuch perfbri or perfons, bodies poor corporate, or his, her/of their afligns;and all fuch Certificates ffertificates (hall be aflignable by indorfement thereupon, made affignabfe tnlf. jjj any time before the twemy-firft day of December, one thOri-	,

and (even hundred and eighty-four. Arid no longer j and all *'**• *c* ‘each certificates and alignments thereupon (hall not bA charged feltfi any (^amp-duties whatsoever; arid that the intereft, fo jpmputed arid marked on every fikh bill and debenture refpedU Srcjy bearing intereft as aforefaid, (hall be added to the principal fum contained in every fuch bill and debenture refpe&ively, md the amoutVt of fuch principal and intereft, or the amount of the film coptained in every fuch bQl and debenture not bearing intereft, certified in manner before directed, except as hert-n-after is mentioned, (hall be the principal Turns for which the perfon or perforis, bodies politick or corporate, delivering fuch pijls'or debentures, (hall be intitled to an annuity after the fan! rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII. Aria be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all certificates of fra&onal parts of one Or more hundred Certificates of pounds, (hall be paid by .the treftfurer of his Majefty’S navy, fraftional iccordirig to (lie courfe of the navy, in fuch order as the bills n part of which fuch certificates (hall have been granted Were n9w‘

Ktyable $ and t!jat all certificates of fractional parts of one or more hundred pounds of fuch debentures (hall be paid by the :reafurer of bis Majefty’s office of ordnance; arid filch Of tho-Paid certificates fo to be granted in part of bills bearing intereft,

[hall, from the faid fifth day of July, one thoOfand (feveri hundred and eighty-four, carry intereft after fuch rate is would save been payable in rcfpedt of the fums mentioned iri the faid nils4 Anything herein contained to the contrary nOtwithftand-ng : and that sul the faid certificates which (hall not' have been Certificates lelivered to the trcafurer of hi* Majefty’s riavy, (half arid iriay not delivered >e aifigrfable, by Indorfement thereupon Made, until the (femet0 tl!55re*rur' hall be paid in the courfe of the navy as afOrefaid;' arid that «t°mly#beaf. lorie of the faid affignriients (hall be charged with Any ftanftp- figned, &e. iuties whatloever.

IX.	.And be it further enafted by the authority Aforefaid,

That if any infants (hall, by the gift, devife, Or deceAfe, of the Guardians of >arent, or other relation of fuch infants, or otherwife, become m*ir ntitled to any of the faid bills or debentures, in fucH cafe, 'the 5e-;uardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, of fuch infant 6r in- beatnre*, Sea. antsi .(hall or may be, and He, (he, or they, is or are hereby rripowered, for the benefit of fuch infant or infants, to deliver ‘ ip to fuch refpeCtive treafurers all fuch of the faid bills or debentures to which fuch infant or infants (hall' be ft iriHddd; irid fuch infant and infants, guardian or guardians, 'truftee or

Digitized by GoogIit,uftces»



CUafe relative to executors, &c. interefted in

Anno vittdmo quarto.GgoRon lU. C. " £iy&4.

truftees, delivering op fuch b^ls or debentures* ftUu be,iuidd la fach an annuity as aforefaid v and the fiii^^oardjuui ofnat^ dians* trullec or truftees, (hail be difeharge^

*any thing herein contained* or *ny law* ufag^or cuApo^^ the contrary m any wife notwithftanding.	^	Jr.(

X. Provided alh>9 and be it further enabled t*y rity aforefaid, That any peifon or perfons who^ as eaccutflf^i or admtniftrator* truftee, committee of an idiot or Iiynatidc^ or perforu of unfound mind* depofitary, or mortgagee* JbaU bp or,

any fuch bill* become poflefled of, interefted in, or intitled uqtQ*

or deben fare*.

laid bills or debentures* (hall and may deliver up ftK^Vib^orj debenture* as they (hall be fo pofleffed of, interefted iry^of jo-titled onto* to fuch refpedive treafurers as aforefaid ; and a* to executors or adminiftrators, the annuities which they (haA-be

intitled to* in refpeft of the (aid bills or debentures,	by i,han.

in their haods^ fits ^ i

delivered up, (hail be the fame aflets bills or debentures were or would have been had ^ey 'opM fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid j aod.ais ta tn

committees* depofitaries, and mortgagees* the;annqi^7vjjfa4 they (h^ll be intitled unto, for or in refge&

Bask impow-ered to receive certificate**

and to give

credit, for the

111411 uc iiuujgu uuivs* is/1 ui ilk itiwGu yv tUW-£ u

mortgaged bills or debentures which they mall lo deliver-fuch refpediive treafurers as aforefaid, (hall be fubjccSl an^jjjabtn to the fame trufts and equity of redemption, as fuch hills oc.de> bentures were or would have been, had they not heeiv.fo.-^cb. vered up for fuch annuity as*aforefaid.	:	f	.	;/-y

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid governor sod company of the bank of England, and their fucccfTore^ar perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofey, ahd-ibe and they is and are hereby refpcaively authorized aodti^qujred to take in and receive aU and every of the certificates, to nude out in lieu of the £ud bills and debentures as aforefaid, jut pur-fuance of the directions of this adt; and upon' tty every fuch certificate (hall, and he and they is and ajr^'-hfrgty

•mounttbere- reqUjrcd forthwith to give credit,^in a book or books.ta;tc pfo-° ’ 0	pared	for	that	purpofe,	for the principal fums contained, »n ei^rj

fuch certificate fo brought to him or them as aforefaidl. perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whofe credit fyit^prin-cipal fums (hall be entered in the faid book or boo£s? higher, or their executors, adminiftrators, or a Signs, (hall aqd jggay have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part^ ihaiv or proportion thereof, to. any other perfon or perfons? bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be. prepared, and kept for that purpofe; and the Xaid governor and company . for the time being, (hall alfo, on or before the. twcoty-nuifh tt»d day	September y one thoufand feven	hundred and eighty-five,

theexchequen tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper?-of As 4 * faid book or books firft herein-before mentioned, into the docs of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, thCffi to remain for ever.

XII.	jfndy for tbf tngrf tafy and fare pajofent of the qnmiiy

owners.

A» attefted copy of fuch books to be

Digitized by

Google

4*1 Anno vicefimo quarto Georg n III. c. 39.	$yj

Aijhfi by this	oil, it i* hereby farther enafled by the autho-

aforefaid,' That the faidgovernpr and company of the bank Bank to ap-?nglanif, and their fucceflors, (Hall, from time to time, ap- point scant atld dinploy one or more fufficieot perfon orperfons, with-their office in the city of London, to be their chief or full gtnef<l. tier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the ie office, to be their accountant-general; and that the mo- ComriHEoa* s ffbtn time tb time and at any time being in the receipt of of.tk* exchequer, of the fund to be eftablifhed for paying the (aid tut ties, Ihall, by order of the commifiioners of the treafury, nie«ofthefai4 any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time fund to be rfg,cwithout any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, P*)J* *o the bDtamed ih that behalf, be iflued and paid, at the laid re- ^rasentef p»t ilf exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or calhierstheanauities. kKfc ftfd governor and company of the bank of England, and ir fbccemrs for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon for the payment of the Cud annuities; and that fuch Merer cafhiers, to whom the laid monies ihall, from time tune be iflued, Ihall, from time to time, without delay, ap* y pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their ac-utrtf thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

XIH. And it1 is hereby alfo enacted. That the faid account- Accoantane-tt-general for the time being fhall,' from time to time, infpecl g«n*r»l to said examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or dhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to pre- payments, &c. mt iny fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeftid,

the monies, intended to be converted into annuities by AHthemmlea ibab’bf this aft, mail be deemed, reputed, and taken to be tobeconvert-le cipkal or joint Rock, on which the faid annuities, after the tiet'bv Mt*' Id1 tare of five pounds per antum per annum, fhall be attending; be one Idthatall and every perfon and perfons, and corporations what- joint ftock, Kever, in '{Proportion to the money which he, (he, or they ihall e inti tied to, at aforefaid, (hall nave, and be deemed to have, pfdporrional intereft and lhare in the faid Rock, and in the ihffltyattending the fame, at the rate aforefaid; and that the which fhall be ' jd-Vdrae capital or joint (lock, or any lhare or iqtereft there- affignabk.

1) end the proportional annuity attending the fame, (haH. be ItgnaMe and trimsferrable, as this a<ft directs, and not other* ife; and that there (hall conRsntly be kept in the office of the Books to bo lidsceeun tint-general for the time being, within the city of kept by the Mon, a book or books, wherein all aflignments or transfers fshe fsitf whole capital or joint Rock, or any part thereof, and f^terihg he-proportional annuity attending the lame, at the rate afore- transfers. lidyfhalTbe entered and regiRered; which entries (hall be con- Manner ofi, eived itt proper words for that purpofe, and Rull be (igned by transferring*

Ife parties making fuch alfignments or transfers, or, if any fuch' larty or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or at-ofnfes, thereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his,

«*» or (heir hands and teals, to be atteRed by two or more rtdiWe witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom Inch -

Iraniftr

Google

Annuities may be devif-•diy will*

Bank to continue a corporation, not-withttaoding the redemption of their thuds.

tfo fee to be taken for aw puting inte-reft, or cancelling bill*# ftc.

on penalty of *oU

Commiflion-ers of the tre^fury may reward alt perfoos employed in executing this aft.

Anpo vjcefimo quarto GeoROJI

transfer (ball be made,, (hall refpedivcly underwrite his, ha% or their acceptance thereof $ and that no other metfitKf of'adSgp-ing or transferring the (aid (lock, and the annuities j&etiaupg the fame, or any part thereof, or any interefr therein, (batt le good and available in law, and that no ftamp-dnrfes^ipaxibcfal lhall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them*

3fV. Provided always. That all perfons poflefle^ of any Start or intereft in the faid joint dock of annuities, or a^y eftoe <x iutered therein, may devife the lame by w31 in lyritiag, atrdbd by two or more credible witneJTes; but that no payment flujj be made upon any fuch devife until fo much of the /a&f wi$ in relates to fuch eftate, (hare, or iqtereft, be entered in tbcrCxi ofBcej and that in default of iucb transfer or devife* firth tftate, or iptered, (hall go tp the executors, admimftratorfciB:-cefiars, and afligns.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby farther enadedbyd*

authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and coenpany of die bank of	England,and their fucceftors, notwithftanchng then:-

depoption of all or any of their own funds, in pudoance of the afts for eftahlUhing the fame, or any of them, fhafi continue a corporation for the purpofes of this aft, till all the find annuities fhall be redeemed by parliament; and the (aid governor arid company, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any disability for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a (St.	*

XVII.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, (hall be demand-ed or taken for computing and marking the intereft on the b4 bills or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the dud bills or debentures, or any of them^ orfpr gfentlDg -certificates in lieu thereof, as aforefaid, or for dluing themaiu for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for May-teans-fer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in fwfiuuioc of this aft; upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to-this aft, (hall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the

n grieved; to be recovered, with fulicofbof u|it» faaratftion :bt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi*

Courts of record ^t	wherein	no cflbiif, rptpia^fo,

privilege, or wager of law, injunftion, or order 9* f^fti^unt, pc any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted of sJIpwetl.

XVIII. Provided always, and be itenaftedby tibe aforefaid, That the comtpiffioners of the trpafury, pr jipy (tap or more of them now being, or the high treaforfr, or aqy or more pf the commUfioners of the treafury fpr the.faapftf (hall have power, and they are hereby authorised* pg < fund to be cftablifhed irj this fefZapn pf patliupeot';fcf.;I pf the annuities granted by this aft, or out of th? £hl4r to reward all fuch perfons a$ (hall be any ways ernpfoyctJot.V execution of this aft, for their fejvice, pains,	j

plfo to defray fuch incident charges jts j(H?iU • 4

• Digitized by LjOOQle

784 I Anno vicefirno quarto Georgii III. c. 4a	$$$

lie fame j and alfo to appoint fuch allowances as they (hall (link. proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the calhier or afhi^rs of the £ald governor and company of the bank of Engine!, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annui-ies made payable by this ad; and alfo for the fervice, pains, nd trouble of the accountant-general of the faid governor and orupany, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him	v

y tnis ad; all which allowances, hereby impowered to be ,	..

nade as aforefaid, in refped to the fervice, pains, and labour, f any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of > lf b^pkpf England* (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid ovanpr and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing :erein contained to the contrary notwith(landing. ,	,

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaia,

Hhat if apyperfonor perfoos (hall at any time or times be fued. Defendants nolefted, qr profecuted for any thing by bim or them done or raaf acecuted in purfuaqce of this ad, or of any matter or thing gencrai herein contained, /uch perfon or perfyts (hall and may plead he general ^ffite, and give the fpeciqj matter in evidenc^Jor his »r their defence} and if a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or lefendants, .or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (ball difeontinue his or heir adion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft tim or them, upon demurrer or otherwlfe, then fuch defendant »r defendants (hall have treble cods to him qr them awarded an?.rec,>I|? gftin^ Inch, plaintiff or plaintiffs,	treble cofts.

-	CAP.	XL,

in Oil	ftr granting Jobis Majtfly additional duties on Knots printed*

painted* famed, tr dyed in Great Britain; and for granting ter* tain duties on cotton	fluff's bleached pr dyed in Great Britain* and

sn liuntesj fm pleaching or	dying the f and upon the.

tation-tffuffs nude.if, or mixed with cotton, not painted, , flatbed, or dytdtn foreign parts.



Mod gracious Sovereign, .

117 £, 'your hfajefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble/ ▼ 7 commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, towards raifing the neceflary fiipplies for your Majefty’s publick ex->ences,tiave cheerfully refolved to give and grant to your Majedy he.additional rateis and duties herein-after mentioned, upon all inens which (hall be printed, painted, (lained, or dyed in Great Britain, and the feveral rates and duties herein-after mentioned ipon all duffs made bf cotton and linen mixed, and duffs wholly nade of cotton wool, wove in Great ,which (hall be ither bleached or dyed in Great Britain-, and upon licences for teaching or dying fuch duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, nd duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain ", nd do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majedy that it may 4 enabled; aqd be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent

majedy.

Digitized by

Google

59®	Anno	viceGmo quarto CjEORGH III. C. 40.	[ 1784.

“*3*®*' by and the a^v,cc and confcnt of the lord* fpi-lomn? addi- ntua* an<^ temporal, and commons, in this prcfcnt parliament tiona*duties affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and to be paid to after the firft day of Oftoher* one thoufand feven hundred and hie Majcfty eighty-four, there (hall be railed, levied, colledted, and paid, fdiolU^made to anc* ^ x^e u^c hi* Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for of hemp or an<* opon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, which, at flax, and any time or times after the faid firft day of Q$obtry one thou-ftuffi made of fand feven hundred and eighty-four, fhall be printed, painted, cotton*and	or dyed in Great Britain, (fuch linens as (hall be dyed

linen, reckon- throughout of one colour pnly, always excepted), the additional ingyard-wide; rates and duties herein-after expreffed over and above all other videlicet, duties payable for the fame; that is to fay.

For all linens F°r an<* uP°n **nens wholly made of hemp or flair, to be made of hemp printed, painted, ftained, or dyed as aforefaid, in Great Britain^ or flax, print- (fudh linens as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only, ed, «lyed, <fec. always excepted), the fum of three farthiqgs for every yard in Sn 7ex«rpt *ength» reckoning yard-wide, and after that rate for a greater tbofc dyedP or lefler quantity : throughout of one colour), three farthings per-yard t

For cotton For and uPon aH ft11®5 made of cotton and linen mixed, and (tufts, and	(tuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain* to

cotton and	be bleached or dyed as aforefaid in Great Britain, (not bring

dyed airfare- *awns or gau^s of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with faid in Great cotton), which (hall be under the value of three (hillings by the Britain, (not yard in length, without refpedt to the breadth, before the lame being Imen (hall be bleached or dyed, the fum of one penny for every yard in ^ed^itfeot" fcogtfh reckoning yard-wide, and after that rate fora greater dr founder ' lefler quantity:

3*. per yard in value, —* i d. per yard s

For all fuch And for and upon all ftuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, fluffs as afore-,ancj fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain* ssfperymrd, to ** bleached or dyed as aforefaid in Great Britaint (not bring or upwards,’ lawns or gauzes of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged ad. per yard, with cotton), which (hall be of the value of three (hillings by the yard in length, without refpedt to the breadth, or of greaser value, before the fame (hall be bleached or dyed, tbfc luoa of two-pence for every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforeUd, New duties to That the faid duties upon linens, printed, painted, ftained* or Jj? fu$ifv t01 dyed Great Britain, and upon ftuffs made of cotton aoi imports of°5 hnen m*xe^> and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in percent, on Great Britain* (hall be fubjedt and liable to the additional duties the amount or impofts of five pounds per centum* and five pounds feran* arreted*b* tum an<* ®ve P°v»nds ptr centum, on the produce and amount Geo. 3 c*%$i t^erco^ refpcdhvely, in the fame manner, and under the ham at Geo. %, c. regulations as the additional duties of five pounds per centnm* 17 j and 11 five pounds ter centum, and five pdunds per centum* arc granted eco. & c. 66. |q his Majellty by three feveral adls of parliament made in the

nine*

Digitized by Google

.1784.] Anno vicefimo quarto GeoROIi III. c, 40.	597

nineteenth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fecond years of his preterit Majefty’s reign.

III.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid duties by this ad! impofed uport all linens wholly Duties on made of hemp or flax, fo printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in luieiis to be Great Britain, (hall, from time to time be railed, levied, afcer- reco^re/iiv tained, fecured, colledled, anfwered, and paid, by fuch ways the fame man. and means, and under fuch management, and under fuch pe- ner as tbofe Dairies and forfeitures, and with the like difcounts, allowances, impofed by exemptions, and drawbacks, and in fuch manner and form as the duties impofed upon the fame commodities, by an ad! made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying feveral a& 10 Ann*, duties upon foap, paper, chequered and flriped linens, and upon cer- c* *91 tain fills, callicoes, linens, and fluffs, printed, painted, or flained, *

(amongft other things thereby charged), towards raiftng the futn , of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, therein mentioned ; or by another ad!, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on foap and paper, and and i* Anns, upon certain linens, filks, callicoes, and fluff's, amongft other thihgs c- 9> &c« thereby charged, towards raifing the fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, therein mentioned, or by any other ad! or ad!s of parliament by either of the faid two ad!s of Queen Anne referred unto, or by any other ad! of parliament fince made, are to be raifed, levied, afcertained, fecured, collected, anfwered, and paid.

IV.	And, for the better fecuring the duties by this aft granted upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, printed, painted, flained, or dyed in Greait Britain, be it further enad!ed by the authority aforefaid. That fuch proper ftamps or feals fhall, on or before On or before the firft day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- Odt. r, 1784., four, be provided and diftributed by the commiflioners for ma- j^nboted by naging the feveral duties by the faid two former ad!9, and by lhe COmmif-this ad!, chargeable on the faid commodities, as may ferve to Goners for denote the payment or charging pf the feveral duties by this ad!* managing thd and the faid former ad!s, chargeable on the fame commodities on refpediively; and that the faid ftamps or feals by this ad! diredt- ,ne *

ed to be provided, (hall be ufed and applied accordingly, and which may be (hall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by renewed or the faid commiflioners as often as they (hall fee fit fo renew or alterc<1* alter the fame.

V.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all ProvHlons of the powers, authorities, rules, diredlions, pains of death, and former afts other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and ^jeghefeby things whatsoever, contained in the faid feveral adls of the tenth enlarged, ex-and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, for raifing, re-tended to this ceiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the duties a&»

on fuch commodities as are by this ad! charged with additional duties, or touching the ftamps thereby or hereby dired!ed, (hall be continued, pradtifed, and put in execution for raifing, re* ceiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the additional duties by this ad! charged upon the fame commodities,

Voi, XXXIV.	S	f	and

/

Front Oft. i, 1784, the following duties on licences to be paid to his Majefty j videlicet.

Every bleacher or dyer of cotton fluffs, See. al. per ann.

From Oft. f, 1784, no per. fon to bleach or dye any fuch fluffs, without taking out a licence.

Licences in England and Wales, bv whom to be granted s

and in Scotland.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii UJ. c.40. {17*4.

and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually,, to aU interns and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this prefcnt ad«

VI.	And be it further enabled :by the authority sfonefaid. That there (hall be paid to his l^lajefty, his heirs and fucceflora, from and after the firft day of Oflober9 one thoufand feym hundred and eighty-four, the feveral duties herein-after mentioned, for and upon the feveral licences to be taken out in manner herein-after mentioned, by all bleachers or dyers, within Great Britain, of (luff's made of cotton and lipen mixed, or (buffi wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; that is to lay.

Every bleacher or dyer of (luffs made of cotton and line* mixed, or of duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Gnat Britain, lhall take out a licence, and pay for the fame yearly the fum of two pounds.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, That, from and after the laid firft day of Oftobtr, one thouftnd feven hundred and eighty-four, qo perfon or perlom vrbatfo-ever, who now doth, or at any time hereafter (hall bdeath or dye any duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or any ftofis wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Gnat Britain, & aU p$e-fupie by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon .or perfons whatfoever employed by him, her, or them, forhii, her, or their benefit, either publickly or privately, to bleacher dye any fuch (luffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or wboVy made of cotton wool, wove in Gnat Britain, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe in manner herein-after mentioned, before he, (he, or they (hall bleach or dye any foch duffs as aforefaid; for which licence he, (he, or they (ball immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down foi* the fame-the fum of two pounds in manner following; that is to fay. If fitdt licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, then fuch licence (hall be granted under the heads and feals of two or more of his Majedy’s commiffionera ofex-cife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfon* as the cogh-miflioners of excife (hall from time to time appoint for that pqr-pofe, and the duty for the fame (hall be paid at she chief cjffice of excife in London; or if fuch licence (hall be taken our in ley part of England not within the faid limits, or in Woks* vc Berwick upon Tweedy then fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the collcdtors and fupervifors of excife naihln their refpecUve-collections and didri&s, and the duty for jibe fame (hall be paid to the colle&or of excife within whofe collection fuch licence (hall be fo granted: and in cafe fuch hcenoe (hall be taken out within the limits of the city of B4mkergby fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feats of two or more of his Majelly’s commifiionars of excifo in Sentinelfor

the time being,or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioo-

*

Digitized by

Google

1^54^1 Anna vicefimo quarto Gftoftoii III. c.40.	599

tts of excife in Scotland (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the duty for the fame fhall be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh ; or if fuch licence (hall be taketl out ih any other pafrt of Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the colleflors -and fupervifors of excife within their rePpetfiVe collections and diftriifts, and the duty for the fame (hall be paid fo the collector of ekeife within whofe collection fuch licence fhall be fo granted; ahd fuch refpedtive commiflioners of ekdfe, and the perfons fo to be appointed by them refpedtively, and e*1 fo all fuch collectors, are hereby refpeCtively authorised arid required to grant and deliver fuch licences to the perfons who N fhall apply for the fame, upon their paying the duty hereinbefore mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That every perforl or perfons who (hall take out any fuch li- Licences to be cence as aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take Out a frefh rene.^c<1 licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar nuaIy* months after taking out the firft licence, before he, (he, or they pteflime to bleach or dye any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, and in the fattie manner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like fum of two pounds fpr every new or renewed licence, in the manner, and at the places and times hereinbefore mentioned: and if any.perfoh or perfons (hall, after the Perrons (kid firft day of Oflbbei', one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- bkaebing.ftc. four, prefome or offer to bleach or dye arty fuch fluffs as afore- outaJi-"aid, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the cence, and ame yearly, in manner aforefaid, he, fhe, or they (hall refpec- renewing the tively forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds for each offence: £a.mc to.tof* provided always, That perfons in partnerfhip, and carrying on p f5° their trade and biifinefs in any one houfe or place only, (hall partnerihip f»Ot be obliged to take out more than one licence in any one need not take fear for. carrying On fuch trade; and that no one licence which out more than liall be granted by virtue of this a6t, (hall authorize or impower °nc lienee my perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be granted, to for oue ouc* bleach or dye any fuch fluffs as aforefaid in any other houfe or ilace than the houfe wherein he, (He, or they did bleach or dye ueh fluffs as aforefaid, or in places thereto belonging, at the ime of granting fucli licence.

IX; And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch of the faid duties as * are charged upon fuch licences Duties to be n England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall be under the ma-mder the management of the commiflioners and officers of his "ommiffionerf Vldefty*9 revenue of excife in England for the time being; and 0f excife. uch ot the faid duties as are charged upon fuch licences in Scot-'and, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners and >fficers of excife in Scotland.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who, on or Bleachers and before the faid firft day of Oftobet, one thoufand (even hundred AY*T* to md eighty-four, (hall bleach or dye any fluffs made of cotton excifa

S f 2	and

6oo

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii HI. C.40. £1784.

names and places of aoode, Sec,

and of their utcnfils,

on penalty of 501.

office of their and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great J	Britain,	fo that a duty (hall be payable by this a£l upon the

bleaching or dying the fame, (hall on or before the faid firft day of OBober^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, give or leave notice in writing, at the next office of excite, of their refpedlive names and places of abode, and of the place or places where every fuch perfon or pcrfons do ufualiy bleach or dye fuch fluffs as aforefaid; and that all and every fuch bleacher or dyer, as often as he, (he, or they (hall change their .ces of bleaching or dying any of the faid fluffs, and all and c\ cry per-foil and perfons who at any time (hall be a bleacher o: dyer of any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, (hall give or leave the like notice of their refpeflive names and places of abode, and of the rooms and places where they (hall refpe<5tively work or intend to work in fuch bleaching or dying, and of the places where they re-fpedlively (hall dry or intend to dry any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, and of all coppers, fats, and other utenfils by them ufed in bleaching or dying, before they refpedhvely prelume to work tn any fuch new or other place or places, or to ufe foch copper, fat, or other utenfil, upon pain to forfeit thefum of fifty pounds for every negledt or default by not giving fuch notice as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelakf, Bleachers and That, from and after the faid firft day of OBober, one thoufand dyers to make feven hundred and eighty-four, all ana every perfon and perfons entry eveiy w])0 bleach or dye any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, upon the

bleaching or dying whereof a duty is chargeable by this av.% lhall, once in every fix weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excife, of all fuch fluffs as aforeiaid fo by him, her, or them feverally bleached or dyed within every fuch fix weeks refpedlively, which entries (hall contain the juft kinds and quantities thereof; and if fuch bleacher or dyer be not the true owner of fuch fluffs, or any of them, fo bleached or dyed, then, and in every fuch cafe, he, (he, or they, in every fuch entry, lhall fpecify the names and places of abode of the pcrfons who are the owners thereof, or for whofc account they re-fpe<5tively do bleach or dye the fame; which entry (hall be made upon the oath of the bleacher or dyer, or of his, her, or their chief workman employed, to the beft of their knowledge and belief, or, being a Quaker, upon his or her folemn affirmation; and the (aid oaths and affirmations to verify fuch entries (hall and may be adminiftered by the proper collector or fuperviior of the diftiitf within which fuch bleacher of dyer doth inhabit, without any fee of charge for the fame.

XII.	Provided always. That no perfon, for the making fuch entries, oaths, or affirmations as, are laft mentioned, (hall be

’ obliged to go or fend further than the market town where his or her fluffs made of cotton only, or of cotton and linen mixed, are bleached or dyed, or the next market town to the place of bleaching’or dying the fame.

XIU. And be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid,

Th it

fix weeks.

Names and places of abode of the owners to be fpecified.

Need not go further than the next mar ket town for making en-,tries.

Digitized by

Google

[ 7&4-1 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c.40.	601

That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall bleach or dye Duties to be

my fuch fluffs as aforefaid in Great .Britain* (hall from time to

:ime, within fix weeks after he, (he, or they (hall make, or	*

Dught to have made, fuch entry as aforefaid, clear off all the

aid duties which (hall be then due or remain unpaid for all

uch fluffs as (hall have been bleached or dyed by him, her, or

hem refpetftivety as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every 0n p?narty of

iefault therein, double the fum of the fame duties whereof the forfeiting

payment fhall be fo neglected; and that no fuch perfon, after

uch default in payment made, fhall deliver or carryout, or pajd#c

raufe to be delivered or carried out, any fuch bleached or dyed ^

^oods, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, on pain to orfeit double the value of the goods fo delivered or carried

DUt.

XIV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the officers of excife fhall at all times, by day Officers may, :>r by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftablc, ^crThe >r other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their houfes, See. of 'equefl, to enter into the houfe, workhoufe, dryinghoufe, ware- bleachers or aoufe, field, or other place, belonging to or ufed by any perfon or dyers, and Derfons who fhall bleach or dye any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, and *

0	take a juft account of the kinds and quantities thereof which make report hall have been bleached or dyed by fuch perfon or perfons thereof to the :rom time to time, and fhall thereof make a report or return in commiffion-writing to the refpedlive commifiioners of excife, or fuch per- ers>

bn or perfons as they refpedlively fhall appoint to receive the ame; leaving a true copy, if demanded, of fuch report, in Copy of rewriting under his hand, with or for the faid bleacher or dyer P?rt to bHeft efpedtively, and fuch report or return fhall be a charge upon ^ blca" very fuch bleacher or dyer refpe&ively; and if the faid officer * hall refufe or negledl to give or leave a true copy of his report it the time of taking fuch account, the fame being demanded on penalty of is aforefaid, every fuch officer, for every fuch offence, (hall for- 40s. eit the fum of forty (hillings to every (uch bleacher or dyer re-'peftively.

XV.	Provided always, That every officer who (hall be im- Officers im-fxwered to make fuch charge as is laft mentioned, (hall, in the {^VTuch0 firft place, be fworn for the due and faithful execution of his charge,0 to be office, and the oath in that behalf (hall and may beadminiftered fworn/

by all or any of the commifiioners of excife, or by any of his Vlajefty’s juftices of the peace, who (hall give to fuch officer

1	certificate thereof.

XVI.	Andy for the better preventing of fraudsy be it further

mailed, That all and every the officers of excife (hall alfo be Officers may >ermltted to take an account of the quantities of the faid (luffs at any time, which (hall at any time or times be in the cullody or poffeffion countofttuffo >f any bleacher or dyer to be bleached or dyed j and in cafe any pofief->fficer (hall mils any quantity or quantities of fuch fluffs where- fion of any )fhe had taken an account at his laft furvey, then, and in bleacher, jvefy fuch cafe, fuch officer (hall charge fuch bleacher or dyer

S f 3	with

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoF-QU Ilk C* 49* vrith the duties of fuch fluffs fo miffing, as if the fame w«» bleached or dyed.

Perfons ob- XVII, And be it enafted, That if any perfon or performs V|ho

cer« to forfeit b^cac^ or ^ye any & tlie af°re^d, (hall ohftrU&	,

acol* °r CU hinder any of the faid officers in the execution of the pp^Crs given by this aft for afeettaining and fecuriog the duties thtfCf upon, the offenders therein, for eyery fuch offence, (hail forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore&ud. Staffs prepar- That if any bleacher or dyer of (luffs made of cotton and Jipen ed for bleach- mixed, or wholly made of cotten wool, wove in Great Britain* (bait before mea? hleach or dye fuch (luffs, or prepare the fame for bleaching .41 Cured! &c?by dying, before the fame (hall have been meafured and marked it the officer, to both ends thereof by the officer of excife with a frame mark de-be forfeited, noting the meafure thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, *be eDcV0*ef0r ^ f° bleached or dyed, or preparing for bleaching or

* Pl.ccc* dying, before being fo meafured and marked by the officer, (hall be forfeited, and the bleacher or dyer, in whofe potfeffioa the fame (haH be found, (hall forfeit; twenty pounds for every piece.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeiiud.

Bleached That no perfon or perfons who (hall bleach or dye any of the ITre* no0ed°	C^argea^c w*lh l*ie duties by this aft, (hall

unblTh/offi- movo, carry, or fend awav, or fuffer to be removed, carried* or cer have lent away, any of the faid (tuffs by him, her, or them bleached*! taken an ac- dyed, until fuch time as the proper officer (hall have taken an and”* arked^ accownt °f cvery particular quantity of fuch duffs fo to be car* the fame C rie<* away> and unt»l cverY particular piece or parcel* or tem-

1 nant of fuch (luffs, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a damp or feal, or damps or feals, denoting the charging tjbtf duty as this aft direfts, on pain of forfeiting the Him of twenty on penalty of pounds for every fuch offence 5 and that all fuch duffs, fo car-forfeiture. ried away without being marked with a.damp or feal, or damps or feals, denoting the charging the faid duties, and being found in the pofleffion of jmy draper, or other trader or dealer thermo, or of any perfon for the ufe of fucb draper, trader, or dealer,for fale, (hall be forfeited, and may be fei^ed by any officer of excife.	.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afbrc&id, That in cafe any bleacher or dyer of fuch duffs as aforcfaid ouMbeoffi-1 wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wildilly foffir cer’s mark to to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put denote the by the officer on any piece of fuch duffs as afbrefaid, to de-meafure, (ball nqtc the meafure thereof, every fuch bleacher or dyer (hallfor* torteit 101. feit t^e fum Qf tcn p0l,n(js for every piece on which* the (aid Goods forvey- frame mark (hall be fo wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defretd* ed to be kept XXI* And it is hereby further enafted. That all and every ^patate from |he faid bleachers and dyers of fuch duffs as aforefaid, (hall v«y«*h 0t IUr" from l*mc t0 t‘me ^eeP muah of the lame goods as (hall not have been farveyed and taken an account Qf by the prope* office

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anm> vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.'	603

?ers* fepttrafe and apart from all others of the fame kind which fhall haVe been furveyed and taken an account of by fuch officers, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the fum of five pounds.

XXII.	And be if further enafted, Thit if any of the faid Nogoods to okachefs or dyers fhall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe to befraudulent->e hid and concealed, any fiich fluffs before or after the fame ,y concealed, ire bleached or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majefty, of orphan'd* Ik juft duties by this aft granted, then, and in every fuch cafe, alfothc goods# he party fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for

jvery fuch offence, and all the fluffs which (hall.be found in my private workhoufe, or other place whereof no notice fhall lave been given as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and may be be forced by any officer of excife.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefard,

That all the utenfils and inftruments for the bleaching or dying Utenfilsto be iny fuch fluffs as aforefaid, in the cuftody of any fuch bleacher liable toar->r dyer as aforefaid, or of any perfon or perfons to the ufe of, or j?ar,ofdiw ntruft for them, or any of them, fhall be liable to, and are here- ie,# by made chargeable with all the debts and duties in arrear and ywing by fuch bleacher or dyer for any fuch fluffs bleached or" dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhoufes or places aborefaid; and fhall be alfo fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch perfon or perfons fo ufing fuch workhoufe or >ther place, for any offence againft this aft relating to the du-ies on fuch fluffs as aforefaid fo bleached or dyed; and it fhall oe lawful, in all fuch cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ufe ’ uch proceedings as may lawfully be done by this aft, in relation to fuch goods, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true ind lawful owner of the fame.

XXIV.	And, for the better afeertaming, charging, tollefling,

'rvjfing, raifing, and fe curing, the feveral duties by this aft impofed ipon all fluff's made of cotton and linen mixed, or wholly made of cot-on wool, wave in Great Britain, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, wd for preventing frauds concerning the fame; be it further enaft-

;d by the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the faid duties as Dutiesoncotire chargeable upon fuch fluffs bleached or dyed in England, ton fluffs, &c. TVales, or Berwick upon Tweed, fhall be under the management to be undtr of the commiflioners and officers of excife in England for the the manage-ime being; and fuch of the faid duties as are chargeable upon uch fluffs bleached or dyed in Scotland, fhall be under the ma- excife. tagement of the commiflioners and officers of excife in Scotland or the time being.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Comraiffion-That the refpeftive commiflioners of excife fhall; on or before ers to provide he firft day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty * frame marks, our, provide proper frame marks, to denote the meafure of fuch to denote the luffs as aforefaid, and proper feals or damps, to denote the ftampsto^e-barging the duties thereon, and fhall caufe the faid refpeftive note the du-rame marks, feals and (lamps, to be diftributed to the refpec- ties.

ive officers for the feveral pifrpofes before mentioned; which

S f 4	officers

69f	Anno vicefitno quarto Georgii III. c. 40.	[1784.

officers are hereby enjoined and required, in ufing thcXame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the duffs to be fo marked or damped ; and the faid damps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to tjine, a*the faid refpe&ive commiflioners fhall from time to time think fit: Perfons frau- an<* *fany Peffon or perfons whatfoever (hall, at any time or times dulentlycoun- hereafter, counterfeit or forge any damp or feal to referable any terfeiting	damp or feal which (hall be provided in purfuance of this ad,

itampt,	to denote the charging the duties on the faid Huffs, or dull

counterfeit or refemble the imprelEon of the fame upon any of the duffs chargeable by this ad, thereby to defraud his Ma-jedy, his heirs or fucceflors, of the faid duty hereby granted, then every perfon fo offending, being thereof convicted in doe to fuffer death form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death*, as as felons.	in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy: and if any perfon

Penalty on	or perfons (hall, at any time or times hereafter, fell any fuch

perfons fell-	fluffs as aforefaid with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the

with^coun^ kme t0 counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his terfeit ftamp Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, all and every fuch offender thereon. end offenders, their aiders, abettors, and affiftants, being duly , convifted as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit, and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, and (hall be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in fome publick place, for the fpace of two hours.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, If any fuch That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible (tuffs arc fuf- perfon or perfons, that he, (he, or they have reafon tofofpcd pefted to be or believe that any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, for which a duty

0USht t0 have becn Paid or charged by this a&f are or (hall he ^c. unit amp* in cuftody or poffeflion of any draper, or other perfon or ed, the com- perfons trading or dealing therein, or of any perfon or perfos minioncrs,&c. for the ufe or account of fuch draper, or other trader or dealer, warrant* to^ ^or	wllhout having thereupon fuch feals or (lamps as are1

fearch for the ty	ac^ required to denote the payment, or charging the

fom$T	faid duties thereupon, it (hall and may be lawful for the refpcc-

tive commiflioners of excife, or any two of them, within their refpedlive limits, or for any two juftices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from, time to time, to iffue tbeir refpe6Uve warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excife, with the affiftance of a conftabte or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, chefts, trunks, and packages, and to feize/uch (luffs, and to bring them to the excife office next to the place where they (hall be fo feized, in order , to a further proceeding thereupon according to this a61; and that every fuch warrant and order (hall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XXVII.	And^for the better afeertaining the duties U be paid fir fuchfujfs as aforefaid, be it further enabled by the authority

PKCC°f af°rela,c*> That every manufa&urer of the faid (luffs, or other marked be- V*rton who (hall put out or fend any of the faid fluffs to be fore bleached, bleached or dyed, (hall mark every piece, or pepmapt qf a piece,

It

Digitized by Google

1784*3 Anno vlcefimo quarto Georgia111. c. 40,

6 c 5

it both -end* thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name apd place of abode, and alfo the price or value ; that is to fay, whether the faid fluff be of the price or value of three (hillings or upwards, or under the value of three '(hillings by the yard in length without refpect to the breadth thereof 5 and (hall alfo deliver a note in writing with A note to be the faid (luffs to the bleacher or dyer, exprefling the number of delivered to pieces, their quality and Value; that is to fay, whether of the ^edb,®*c^ value of three (hillings by the yard in length, or upwards, or puffing the under that value as aforefaid, and the time when delivered to number of fuch bleacher or dyer; which note the faid bleacher or dver pieces, &c. (hall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the (aid fluffs before the fame (hall be bleached or dyed, on pain that every piece of fuch fluff, not fo marked as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife; and that penalty on tire manufacturer or other perfon putting out or fending fuch omitting piece, not fo marked as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe t(ie c£hcr oUbc ftwn of twenty pounds; and that every bleacher or dyer who ti0nedpluti-fhall bleach or dye any fuch fluffs as aforefaid on his own ac- cubes*1 count, (hall, before he begins to, bleach or dye the fame, mark each ^)iece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and alfo the quality and the price or value; that is to fay, whether the faid fluff be of the price or value of three (hillings or upwards, or under the value of three (hillings by the yard in length without refpeil to the breadth thereof, before he begins to bleach or dye the fame, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every negledt; and alfo that the (aid duffs, not fo marked as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife: and in cafe any fuch manu- Penalty on fadturer or other perfon, fo putting out or fending fuch fluffs to faliely mark-be bleached or dyed.as aforefaid, or any fuch bleacher or dyer, b!S.a,iy Puc® (hail mark any piece or remnant of fuch fluffs, being really of 01 u f* the value of three (hillings or upwards by the yard in length without refpedt to the breadth thereof, as being under the value of three (hillings by the yard in length, every fuch piece or remnant (hail be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife, and the owner thereof (hall forfeit the futn of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

XXVIII.	And whereas it may happen, in the bleaching or dying the faid fluff's, that the frame marks fit thereupon by the officer of excife, to denote the meafure thereof may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That When frame when the faid frame marks (hall become obliterated or defaced, J£meobhter-the bleacher or dyer, who (hall bleach or dye the faid fluffs, atc(j, they are (hall give notice thereof to the officer of excife under whofe fur- to be renewed* vey he is, and require the faid officer to renew the faid frame

mark, who (hall renew the fame accordingly.	Stuffs for

XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- wbic^the r~: J 'T"L "	" 1 ~ , f e---------- r	" ‘ has been

VMM.*

vie may be for exported.

6o6

Stuffs reland-«d, after topping thereof for exportation, to be forfeited.

Exporters of goods for which the duties have been paid, entitled to a drawback.

Directions relative to ex-porting ItufFs,

Anno vicel&no quarto GsoR'Oli HL & 4b* [1784.

for-any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, bleached or dydd m Greet tri* tattiy and for any other pdrfon or perfons who fh&Hbby, cir be lawfully intitled to any (uch fluffs as aforefaid, froffi the perfott or perfons who actually paid his Majefly’s duties payable bj this afor the fame, to export any fuch fluffs, for which At duty was fo paid, for any foreign parts, by way of ttKithiodze, giving fufticient fecurity before the (hipping thereof that Ac particular quantities fo intended to b% exported, and every pan thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and not be rekwM or brought again into* any port of Gnat Britain; which fecwitj the cuftomer or colleftor of the port of exportation (had tab in his Majefty’s name, and to his ufe: provided always, Tint ifj after the (hipping of any fuch fluffs, and the giving or tendering fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein-after mentioned, the feme, or ant part thereof, (hall be relanded in any part of Great Britehi that then, and in every fuch cafe, (over and above the penalty of the the bond which (hall be levied and recovered to his Mi-jefty’s ufe,) all the faid fluffs which (hall be (b landed, or tk value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

XXX.	And it is alfo hereby enaefted, That anyperfcnor perfons, who (hall export any Ibch fluffs as aforefaid, to or for any foreign parts, (hall and may make proof, upon oath, (or, beirig Quakers, by affirmation,) that the duties thereon haft been paid or fecured according to this a<5t, (which oath or affirmation the cuftomer or collector of the port of exportation is hereby required and impowered to adminifter;) and thereopon the (aid cuftomer or colte&or of the faid port of exportation (hall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, txpre^ iing the true kinds and quantities of the faid fluffs, bleached or dyed, fo exported ; and the exportation thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the faid debenture, the collector appointed to receive the faid duties upon fuch fluffs as aforefaid, in tk county or place where fuch exportation was made, upon producing the faid debenture fo certified to him, (hall forthwith pay the duties which (hall have been received upon this aft fa the fluffs fo exported, to the perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents; and if fuch collector (hall not have money inks hands to pay any fuch debenture, then the refpe&ive comtfiffi-oners of excifc are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the faid debenture out ot any duties arifing by this *&; or* it the duty of the fluffs fo exported were only secured, and (hall remain unpaid, then the fame (hall be difeharged upon the fecurity for the feme.

XXXI.	Andy far the better preventing the relanding any fab fluffs as Jball be exported, to receive a drawback of the duties then-upon9 be it further ena<fled by the authority aforefaid, Th«,

- from and after the faid firft day of Oflober, one thoufand fcwni hundred and eighty-four, all and every perfon and perfons that | (hall export any fuch fluffs as aforefaid, for which a drawback is to be allowed, before he or they (hall (hip theTaid ftoffc*«

Digitized by

Google

r 784.] Anno viccfimo quarto Georgii HI. c.40.	toy

>rder to dbttin the drawback for the (acne, (had be obliged to ;ive notice to the proper officer or officers to be *ppowed foe bat purpofe by the refpe£tive commiffionefs of ihe cuftoaas, vhen and where he will pack, up the faid fluffs, in order to be exported i and the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms are hereby impowered and directed to caufe fuch officer to take care to ee that fuch leal or feals, damp or damps, denoting that the aid duties upon fuch duffs are paid or charged, be taken off roqi every piece fo intended to be exported$ and the faid offi-:er or officers (hall take an account of the kinds and quantities >f the duffs lb intended to be exported, and make a return hereof to the officer that (hall be appointed by fuch commidi->ners to receive the fame, without any fee or reward for (b loing: provided always, That the faid officer or officers (hall rot permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, and (hall rot take off fuch feal or feals, damp or damps, denoting that ho (aid duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of trcli duffs as aforefaid, not having the frame mark, denoting ;he meafure thereof, diftinct and plain thereupon, and not ob~ iterated nor defaced.

XXXIL And be it further enadled. That fuch of the faid Stuffs charged tuffs, as (hall have been charged with the refpedtive duty afore- on bleaching, aid on the bleaching thereof, and (hall afterwards be dyed of charged on*"

>ne colour throughout, (hall not be charged again with the faid being dyed of lutios upon being fo dyed as aforefaid.	one colour*

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority tfore&id, That there (hall be railed, levied, colledted, and From °^\f*

>aid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, ditionaTdutV or 3nd upon all (luffs made of or mixed with cotton not 0f id. *q. per printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in foreign parts, (except yard fquare, uch (luffs as.are prohibited to be ufed or worn in Great Bri-	**	Paic* on

ainf) which, from and after the faid firft day of Oflober* one [ionot^uffs houfand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall be imported op made of or brought into this kingdom, qver and above all cuftoms fubfi- mixed with dies, and duties already impofed tliereon, the fum of one penny cotton not halfpenny for every yard4 fquare \ and the faid duty (hall be S^Vu^fur-»lfo fubjed and liable to an additional impoft or duty of five reign parts, pounds per centum and five pounds per centum thereon, which Duty liable to were impofed by two feveral a&s made in the nineteenth and the import of •wenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, for granting to bit S; percent. tylajefly additional duties upon the produce of tbe feveral duties under p^f^by'ro" be management of tbe refpeflive commijfioners of tbe cufioms and ex- Geo. 3 c. 15 j ife in Great Britain.	and %% Geo. $•

XXXIV.	And it is hereby further enafled by the authority c* 66* jfbrclaid, That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the xnportation of fuch duffs, made of or mixed with cotton, (hall undo* the mi*

:>e under the management and diretfion of the commiffioners nagement of ?f his Majedy’s cudoms in England and Scotland refpedlively, thecommiffi*. ind fliall be paid down in ready money, without any difeount oners of cuf->r deduction whatfoever, and (hall be drawn back upon the tom8#

pcconation of the fame goods* and the faid duty and drawback Duty and

(hall drawback to

tjr

Digitized by Google

6o8

be levied and recovered in the fame manner at the former duties and drawbacks.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

The powers

and penalties In act is Car. a. c. 14, See. relative to cxcife duties, ftiall be applied in executing this aft.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRoii III. c. 46:	£1784;

(hall be raifed, levied, colleded, recovered, paid, and allowed^ in the fame manner and form, and under fuch reftfudions, pe^ nalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are refpcc^ lively raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this aft,) as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any ad or a<5fcs ©F parliament relating thereto, were particularly repealed and again en-aded in the body of this prefent ad.

XXXV.	Ana be it further enabled by the authority afore* (aid. That all the monies arifing by the duties by this a<5t granted (the neceffary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) lhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of bis Majefty’s exchequer at IVeJhninJler, feparate and apart from all other duties 5 and lhall be a fund for the payment of the /everai annuities and all fuch other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prelent fd-fion Of parliament, intituled, An aft for raiftng a certain Jim :/ money by way of annuities and for ejlablijhing a lottery.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That all and every the powers, authorities, dire&ions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures,! claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An a& for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, or inland duties under the management of the commiflioners of dtp*; are provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifmg, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjuging or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and puniftung frauds relating thereto (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provilions are preferibed by this ad,) (hall beex-ercifed, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, colleding, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering, and paying, the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and pur-poles, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, di* redions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and tilings, were particularly repeated and again enaded in this prefent ad.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority ^fore-faid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, refpeding the inland duties impofed by this ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, ox mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, w by adiori of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in of any his

Majefty’s

Digitized by CjOOQle

7?4*] Anno vicefimo quarto G50RGII III. c. 41,	609

*£ajefty*s courts of record at IVeJlminJler^ or in the court of ex-hequer in Scotland refpeCtively j and that one moiety of every uch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his teirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of tgainft any perfon or perfons, for any thing by him or them aftiont. lone in purfuance of this adt, fuch adtion or fuit (hall be com-nenced within three months next after the matter or thing lone, and (hall belaid in the proper county; and the defendant :>r defendants in fuch adlion or fuit may plead the general iffue, General iflar. tnd give this a<ft and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial o be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for He defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall aecome nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adlion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her,, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofls awarded to him, her, or them. Treble cofts* againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP, XLI.

An aft for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, excifcable commodities therein mentioned.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the heceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the feveral rates and duties upon licences herein-after mentioned; and do hereby moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of September, one FromSeptto, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, there (hall be paid to his i7*4» the fol-Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral and refpedlive du-	to

ties herein-after mentioned, for and upon the feveral and re- pafd to*hi« [pedUve licences to be taken out in manner herein-after menti- Majefty;vide* oned, by all makers, and manufacturers, within Great Britain, licet,

;>f the feveral and refpeCtive commodities herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay.

On or before the faid tenth day of September, one thoufand For fmaJl beet feven hundred* and eighty-four, every common brewer of fmall brevrers, si. or table beer, not being a common brewer of ftrong beer, (hall

take

Digitized by

Si©

Strong beer brewer*, who brew yearly not more than j,ooo barrel*, %L to**

Ditto,between 1,000 and »,ooo barrel*, si*

Ditto,bet ween

2.000	and

5.000	barrels,

51-

Ditto,between 5,000 and 7,500,7I. 1 os.

Strong beer brewers, who brew yearly between 7,500 and 10,000 barrels, sol*

^Ditto,between 10,000 and *0,000 barrels, 20l.

Ditto,between

20.000	and

30.000	barrels, 30U

Ditto,between

30.000	and

40.000	bar-relsj 40L

Anno vitefimo quarto G&oRGir III. C. 4^ [1784 take" out a licence, and pay far the famethefbm afoot pound :

Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (bailtab out a licence, and pay for the fame the Turn of one pound, to (hillings, if the quantity of beer brewed,by him (hall note* cccd, within the year, ending the fifth day of Julyin each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity one thontoJ barrels:

Every common brewer who (hail brew ftrong beer, (talitiki out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of two pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within da year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous tote taking out the licence, the quantity of one thoufand barrel*, and be under two thoufand barrels:

. Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (halltab out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of five pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within tin year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to bis taking out the licence, the quantity of two thoufand bafrtfc, and be under five thoufand barrels:

Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (hall tab out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of feven pounds, ten (hillings, if the quantity of beer brewed by him (hill exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five thoufand barrels, and be under feven thoufand five hundred barrels:

Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of ten pounds, iI the quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of feven thoufand five hundred barrels, and be under ten thoufand common barrels: Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of twenty pound*, if the quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to to taking out the licence, the quantity of ten thoufand barrels, and be under twenty thoufand barrels:

Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, (haHtike out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of thirty pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed bv him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day ot July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of twenty thoufand barrels, and be under thirty thoufand barrels:

Every common brewer who (hall brew ftrong beer, flttBtib out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of forty pounds,# the quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, pntnoos to hi* taking out the licence, the quantity of thirty thoufsmd barrels, and be under forty thoufand barrels;

i	Everf

Digitized by CjOoq le

78+.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41.

Every common brewer who fhall brew ftrong beer, (hall take ut a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of fifty pounds, if le quantity of beer brewed by him (hall exceed, within the ear,, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his iking out the licence, the quantity of forty thoufand barrels: Every diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, for fale or for xportation, and every rectifier of fpirits, (hall takeout a licence ;hich licence (hall be charged with a yearly fum equal to the a~ nount of one halfpenny^ gallon of the contents of every (till or tills of each defeription, which (hall have been in the poffeflion of very fuch diftiller or re&ifier within the year, ending the Lfth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the icence:

Every brandy dealer, or perfon felling brandy or other airkuous liquors, not being a retailer, and not being a re&ifier, hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of five rounds':

Every maker of mead for (ale (hall take out a licence, and >ay for the fame the fum of one pound :

Every maker of any kind of fweets, other than mead, for ale, (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of ive pounds:

Every maker of vinegar for falc (hal! take out a licence, and >ay for the fame the fum of ten pounds:

Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of five (hillings, if he quantity or malt made by him (hall not exceed, within the rear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ->us to his taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters: Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of ten (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the year, mding the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to iU taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters, and ?e under one hundred quarters:

Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a li-:ence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of fifteen (hillings, f the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ-)U$ to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred juarters, and be under one hundred and fifty quarters:

Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a icence, and pay for tbe fame the yearly fum of one pound, if he quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out tbe licence, the quantity of one hundred ind fifty quarters, and be under two hundred quarters:

Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a li« :ence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of one pound, five (hillings, if the,quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year.

Digitized by Google

6 it

Ditto, exceeding 40,000 barrels, job

Every diftiller of low wines or fpirits, and every re&ifier, Hull take out a licence, and ' pay, &c.

Brandy dealers, not being retailers or rectifiers, to payjL Makers of mead, for fale, 11.

Makers of other fweets, 51-

Makers of • vinegar, iqL

MaJfters, who make not more than 50 quarters annually, 5s,

Thofe who make more than 50, and lefs than too, quarters, lot.

Between 100 and 150 quarters, 15s.

Maltfters,who make between 150 and too quarters, il.

Ditto,between 100 and 150 quarters, ll. 5s*

6i»	. Anno vicefimo quarto Qeorgii 111. C. 41. [1784.

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity ot two hundred quarters, and be under two hundred and fifty quarters:

Ditto,between Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out i *5°	300	licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of one pound, tea

ro?tm"U (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two hundred and fifty quarters, and be under three hundred quarters:

Ditto,he tween	Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a

300 and 350 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of one pound, &• quarters, x). teen (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, 15S*;	within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity a three hundred quarters, and be under three hundred and fifty quarrers:

Ditto.bctween # Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out s 350 and 400 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of two pounds, it quarters, *1.: the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous 10 his taking out the licence, the quantity of three hundred and fifty quarters, and be under four hundred quarters: Maltfters,*ho fevery maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (ball take out a make between licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of two pounds, 400 and 450 five (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him (hall exceed, quarters, %u within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each 5 *	year, previous to his takirig out the licence, the quantity oi

four hundred quarters, and be under four hundred and ’fifty quarters:

Ditto,between Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out 2 4.50 and 500 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of two pounds, quarters, xl. ten (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him fhall exceed, los*;	within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity 0: four hundred and fifty quarters, and be under five hundred quarters:

Ditto,between Every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, (hall take out a 500 and 550 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of two pounds, quarters, »1. fifteen (hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him (hail ex-15s,:	ceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of Jm\a

each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantin of five hundred quarters, and be under five hundred and fitly quarters:

Ditto, exceed- Every maltfter, or maker of malt for (ale, (hall take out a ing 550 quar- licence, and pay for the fame the yearly fum of three pounds, ters, 3I.J if the quantity of malt made by him (nail exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five hundred and fifty quarters:

Every chandler or maker of candles, other than wax candles,

for

Digitized by Google

Ann6 vicelimo quarto Georgii III. c.41. for fale, fhall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum Candle, mak-of one pound:

Every foap-maker (hall take out a licence, and pay for the soap-makers, lame the fum of two pounds:	% 1. f 9

Every paper-ftainer, and every maker of paper, (hall take out Paper-ftam-& licence, and pay for the fame the fum of two pounds:	‘	cr*> &c- *!•*

Every callico printer, and every printer, painter, or ftainer of Callico Print-filks, linens, cottons, or (luffs, (hall take out a licence, and cri> &c- ,o1-* pay for the famd the fum of ten pounds:

Every (larch-maker (hall take out a licence and pay for the Starch-mak-fame the fum of five pounds:	ers> 5 *•:

Every wire-drawer, or other perfon who (hall draw or caufe Wire draw# to be drawn any gilt or filver wire, commonly called Big Wirey tn> **•» fhall take but a licence, arid pay for the fame the fum of two pounds:

Every tinner within the bills of mortality* or the borough Tanhers, $f, of Southward (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the ' fum of five pounds; and every other tanner the fum of two or si. ioi.j founds, ten (hillings:

Every tawer (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame Tawers, il.i fhe fum of one pound :

' Every drefler of hides and (kins in oil fhall take out a licence* Dreflers of and pay ior the fame the Turn of two pounds:	^ides in 0li*

Every currier (hall take out a licence, and pay for the fame * “ .	.	_

the fum of two pounds:	turrier‘‘ *-

Every maker of vellum or parchment ihall take out a licence, Vellum-mak. and pay for the fame the fum of one pound :	crs» &c; 1 *•1

Every glafs-maker (hall take out a licence, for each and every Every g’afs-glafs-houfe by him ufed, and pay for the fame the fum of ten houfe, sol.t pounds:

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any perfon orjtrong beer perfons who (hall, at anytime after the fifth day or Ju/y9 one brewers to pay thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, firft become a com- ™ mon brewer of ftrong beer fot faJe, (hall, before he or (he (hall brew any ftrong beer for fale, take out a licence, and pay for the fame the fum of one pound, ten (hillings; and at the end and an addi* of any arid every year after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- l,onal -|ury Tand (even hundred and eighty-four, (hall pay iuch further ad- corthn ditional duty for fuch licence herein-before charged, according quantity to the number of barrels of ftrong beer fo brewed by him or her biewtd. • within the preceding year, as herein-before is directed.

* III. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any perfon Brewers who who, before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred withdraw 3tnd eighty-four, was a common brewer of ftrong beer, fhall ^^^efrehi withdraw his or her entry at the office of excife where he or flic oncf> to pa* has made entry, and afterwards make a frelh entry at the fame the whole or any other office of cxcifc, he or (he (hall not be deemed a duty, perfon becoming a common brewer of ftrong beer fince the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four,

Vol. XXXIV.	Tt	but

Digitized by Google

Maltft w» to pay 5 s. for a licence j

and an additional duty anmnlly according to the quantity made.

Maltfters who withdraw their entrief, and make freihonet, to pay the whole duty.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. C.41.' Jijty.

but (hill pay the whole duty impdfed by this ij& upott m» or her licence at the time-of taking'out the fotnifc ■'' ■	2r-r-	:

IV.	Provided always, and be it.enadedy That any pWfiAcj

perfons who (hall, at any time after the ■Owefttyi(%^d£,d»f¥ June, one thoufand (even hunted and eighty-46ufv firffbt-come a maltfter, or maker of malt forfale, (hall, be fort iMf (he (hall make any malt for file, take oilt a licence, ahdpiy for the. fame the fum of five (hillings; and at the epd of-'any and every year, after the faid twenty-third day of JWfQte thousand fevea hundred and eighty-foue, (hall pay fuch furfbd additional duty for fuch licence herein-before charged, according to the quantity of malt (o made by him within the precedin' year, as herein-before is directed.	■	<

V.	Provided always, and be it cnadted. That if any perfiSo, who, before the twenty-third day of ?«*#, one thoufuuriem hundred and eighty-four, was a maltfter, or maker of tosh fcr file, (hall withdraw his or her entry at the office of excifc where he or Eh. has made entry, and afterwards make a ffefh entry t( the fame or any other office of cxcife, he or (he (hall not be deemed a perfon becoming a maltfter, or maker of malt (or fale, (ince the twenty-third day of Jant, one thoufandfevea hundred and eighty-four, but (hall pay the whole duty impoW by this a&jppon his or her licence at the time of taking pot the fame.

VI.	And be it further etla&edby the authority aforefeid, From Sept, to, That, from and after the faid ^tenth day of	one ttwa*

1784,	no per- fan cl (even hundred and eighty-four, no perfon or perfom tsafr anVofThe '^oeT€r w^° now doth, or at any time hereafter (hall oukeor aforefaid manufa&ure.sny.of- the commodities herein before mcfltJdwi, commodities, (hall prefume by him, her, or themfelves, or byjatty otherper-wkbout a li- f0n or perfons whatfoever employed by. him, her, or them, for ttnce> his, her, or theirhendif, dtlter pqblicfcly or privately,tottukt or manufacture any of the commodities herein-before ttesfM-ed for fale, without firft taking out a licence for that patyofe, in manner herein-after mentioned, before he, (he, of they (hill make or manufacture any of the aforefaid OMimodities, fer which licence he, (he, or they (hall immediately, upon Eating out thereof, pay down for the fame the fum or funis of moaty nor to deal in refpe&ivejy herein-before mentioned j and that, from ariidhr be and y. with- the faid tenth dayo (•September, one thoufand feven httndHdatd cence Sl* ***	eighty-four, no perfon or perfons who now doth, or at aby that

lK *	hereafter (hall deal in brandy, not being a retailer, nor a rtfli-

6er, nor a diftiller, (hall prefume, .by him, her, or ffidnfelves or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed by hia, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publieklyor privately, to deal in.brandy, without firft raking out a Hemet1 for that* purpofe, in manner hereto-after mentioned, before he, (he, or they (hall fo deal in brandy, for which licence,'he, (he, or they (hall immediately, upon taking out thereof, paydotm for the fame the faid fum of five pounds; and that & any fell u	Itceoce*

s

Digitized by L^ooQle

AnrtoVrcefimb quarto GkoSq^iIIT. C.+x.	615

licences (hall he taken out within the limitfe 6f' the chtef office Who are to )f eticHe Itl IMdon, then fuCK licence (hall be giforti^ under the grant Hwhce*, bands and feals of two or more of his Majefty'-s corimilfioners tf excife for the time being, or of fuch perfori or perfons as the xmiaiiffioners of excife (hall from time to time appoint for that xirpofe, and the faid feveral and refpedlive duties fhalJ be paid it the chief office of excife in London; or if fuch licences (hall yt taken out in any part of England or , n6t within the aid limits, or in the totfn of Berwick	,that fuch

icences (hall, in fuch cafe, be granted under the hands and fedls •

>f the feveral polledtors and fupervifors of excife within their efpedtive colledtions and diftridts, and the faid feveral and re-jpedhve duties (hall be paid for the fame to the colledtor of ex-'

:ife within wbofe coUedtion fuch licences (hall be fo granted j ind that m cafe fuch licences (hall be taken ou.t within the links of the city of Edinburgh, fuch licences (hall be granted under be hands and feats of two or more of his Majefty’s commiffioners »f excife in Scotland for the time being, or of fuch perfon of rerforrs as the commiffioners of excife in	mall front

hne to time appoint for that purpofe, and the feveral and re-petftive duties for the feme (hall be paid at the chief office of txcife in	Edinburgh5 or if fuch licences (hall be taken out in

iny other part of stotlandt without the limits aforefaid, then uch licences (hall be jgranted under the hands and feals of' the everal Icolledtors and (upervifors of excife within their refpedtive idltdlions and diftridts, and the feveral and refpe&ive duties for he fame (hall be paid to the colledior excife within whofe rolleftion fuch licences (hall be fo granted; and (uth refpedtive' rommiffioncrs of excife, and the perfons fo to be appointed by hem^ ttfpcdtively, and alfo all fuch Collectors, are hereby re-pedivelyauthorised and required to granrand deliver fuch li-ences to the perfons who (hall apply for the fame, upon their niyment of the faid feveral and refpedtive duties hetetn-beforO aentionVdi

VII,	Aad be it further chadded by the authdrity aforefaid,

Chat all and every perfon or perfons Who (hall take out any Licence* to b« 'ich. licence as'aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out rene.'*ed *n* frefti licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve nu**’ alcodar gionths /after taking out the firft licence, before he, he, or they (hall pieforhc to make or manufadlure any of the cttnfnodities herein-before mentioned for fale, and in tHe feme nanner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying owtl rhe like fum for each and every new or renewed licence,

6	is by this adt required, for the firft licetice, irt manner and at be places and times herein-before mentioned: and that if any	malt*

erfon or perfons (hall, after the’faid tenth day of September, *t"f ae thoufand fevCh hundred and eighty-four, prefuttfe or offdr moditic*,

» make or manufacture any of Jhe commodities herein-before without tak-nerttioned for fele, without firft taking out fuch-licence, and *®i 00t *	_

enewing the fame yearly in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they ^u''n’ga^b#r#“

T t 2	(hail	famt »anu-

Digitized by (^ooQle

;

6i6

ally, aic liable 10 tn-e following penalt.es:

Corn did liters, lool.:

Strong beer brev*ert, See, 50b:

Melafles dif-t llers, rt&i-fiers, See. 30I.

Soap-makers, Paper ftain-ers, See. *ol.:

Small beer brewers, maltfters, See. xol. t

Per Pons in partnerfhip need take out only one licence tor one houfe.

Duties to be under tbe ma nagement of the commif-iioners of ex-cilc.

The powers

and penalties ijvact 11 Car* a c. *4., &c. .relative to

Anno vicefimo cjuarto Geo^gii III. c»£i*

fhall refpeftively forfeit and lofe the feveral and rc(pedivepeal-ties herein-after mentioned for each offence; that is to

Every corn diftiller fo offending, (hall forfeit the furn" q^jwo hundred pounds:

Every common brewer of flrong beer or ale, every y&epr .maker, every callico printer, or printer, painter, or twiner of fiHcs, linens, cottons, or fluffs, and every glafs maker, fo of-finding, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds:

Every melaffes diftiller, every rectifier of fpirits, every brandy dealer, or felfer of brandy or other fpirituous liquors, not being a retailer, every maker of fweets other than mead, every (larch-maker, and every tanner, fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum o£ thirty pounds:

Every foap-maker, every paper-(lainer, and paper-maker, every wire-drawer, or maker or gilt or filver wire, called Big * IVire, every dreffer of hides or (kins in oil, and every currier, fo offending, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds:

Every common brewer of table beer or of fcnall beer, every mahfter Or maker of malt, every maker of mead, every chandler ot maker of candles (other than wax candles), every tawer qf hides and (kins, and every maker of vellum and parchment, fp offending, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

VIII.	Provided always, That perfons in partnerfhip,, and carrying on their trade and bufinefs in one houfe or (hop only, (hall not be obliged to tdke out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on fuch trade; and that no one licence which (hall be granted by virtue of this act, thall authorize or impower any perfon or perfons, to whom the fame (lull be granted, to make or manufacture any of the commodities herein-before mentioned in any other houfe or place than the houfe or places wherein he, (he, or they did make or manufacture the faid refpectivecommodities at the time of granting fuch licence.

IX.	Andy for the better coUeflingy raifingy levying, and faring the duties by this aft impofed upon licences as aforefaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid duties

- as are charged upon fuch licences in England, Wales* or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excile in England for the time being; and fuch of the faid duties,asare charged upon fuch licences in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of excifeinScttlsd for the time being.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes^ matters, and things, which in arid by an act, made in the twelfth vear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aflfor taling amik

art

Digitized by

Google

t /&4-.11 Anno vic^fimoQuarto GeoRGII III. c. 4 r.__	'&i7

muri \bf' war<t\ and liveriesyahd tenures in'capite, and	cp	duties,

irvitir, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon bis Mdjcjly, ^l~

'n lieu thereof or by any other Jaw now in, force relating to -his',jn-g	.

VTajeftyY revenues of excife or inland dunes, under the management of the commiflioners of excife, are provided, fettled^ or eftablifhed, for fecuring^ enforcing, managing, raifing, levy-* ng, colleding, paying,, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, nr afcertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for >reveriting, detedjng, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, bther fhan in fuch cafes for which other penalties or proviflons arebinefcribed by this ad, fhall be exercifed, pradifed, applied, iFea, and'put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, evying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afcertaining, reco^ rering, and paying, the feveml duties hereby granted, as fully trid effedtrally, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every he laid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penal-les, 'Forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly epeated and again.enaded in this prefent ad.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, t*hat all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, Penalties and l^all be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways,

■neans, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or covered and * nay be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied. or Jaws of cxcife, or by action of debt, plaint, or information, n any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminJtery .or, in :he court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that one * noiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture fhall be to his Vlajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him

them who fhall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XlL And be jt further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

I*hat all the money arifing by the duties by this ad impofe^ t0 *?e jpon licences as aforefaid, (the necefTary charges of raifing and exchequer * lecounting for the fame excepted), fhall, from time to time, be ^ aaid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjlerf ‘eparate and apart from all other duties; and the faid money, Application ro paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be therCQf*

\ Fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch . ather charges and expences as are direded to be paid and pay-lble puifuant to an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament, in-ituled, An afi for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annulw 'ies, andfor efiablijhing a lottery.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adiqn or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft Limitation of

iny perfon or perfpns, for any thing by him or them done in

surfuance of this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced

within three’ months next after the matter or thing done, and

tiall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defend-

ints in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give General iffue.

his ad, s^nd the fpec^l*matter, in evidence at any trial to be

aad thereupon; ^and if afterwards a verdid fhall pafs for the de-

endant ’of defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become

T13	r	nonfuited,

**	Digitized	by	VjOOQIL

6i8	Aiujq viccfutio qjmto Geqrou III. C-ffc [*784

nonfuited, or difcontinue bit, her, or their aAton Of ptqfaco* tion, or judgement (hall be given againft hiin, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fitch defendant or defendants Treble colb. (hall have treble colls awarded to him, bef, or than, againd luch plaintiff or plaintiff^ ............................'

pAP. XLIl

An aft to explain.* amend* and render more effefl$aj* <W §& made * the thirtieth year of the reign of bis late majeft] King George tk Second, intituled, An 2& tor the more effectual pnni(hmeor d perfons who lhall attain, or attempt io attain pofleCEon oi: £oods or money, by falfe or untrue pretences; for prevent* mg the unlawful pawning of goods$ for the eafy redeoiptkm of goods pawned; and for preventing gamihg in pobtiefc houfes, by journeymen, labourers, fervants, ana apprentices, Jo far as the fame relates to the preventing the unlawful paMrmq of goods; and for the eafy redemption of goods pawned*

Preamble, T TTHEREAS, by an aft pajfei in the thirtieth year of tk V V f eign of his late majefty King George the Second, intiiuhi, A&3oGe^i. An afl for the more effectual punilhment of perfons who (hall c. a4. iedied. atrain, br attempt to attain, poflelfion of goods or money, by falfe or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; fol the eafy redemptibn of goods pawned ; and for preventing gaming in publick houfes, by journeymen, labourers, fervants, and apprentices, certain rules andprovisions are prejcribel and eftablifbed for regelating the manner in which goods and chattels may be talen in pledge or pawn* for the repayment of money lest thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal fum of ten pounds, and dire fling the mode of redeeming fuch goods and chattels, on payment of principal and intereft 'of the money borrowed thereon* xmtb fwh further furri* for charges of warehoufe room, as the parties jktdl .have Agreed oh at the time of making fuch pledge or pawn: and whircas feveral lenders of money* for principal and interejl of money lent* and warehoufe’room of goods pledged* lately made for the redemption of goods pledged* to pawnbrokers, the amount of which in-ter eft and charges for warehoufe room* fo tendered, hath been much "telow the amount of the ufual and cuftontary interefl and charges fee koarehoiife room taken by pawnbrokers in the faid trade, and at a rate touch below the neceffary expenees thereof* have lately been canfiml to be fvfficient* and verdifls have been obtained by perfotss mahog fuch tenders as afoh faid* againft the ‘pawnbrokers j and, if the fed buftnefs fhduld be carried on agreeably to fuch verdUft* the pfejftts onrif ing therefrom would be fo much reduced as to be infuffkient fo afford an adequate maintenance for the pawnbroker and whereas fbe fed recited cfl is in other refpefts (fo far as (hefame relates tithe fawb V!g goods* and redemption of goods pawriedthe good purpefes thereby intended: may it therefore pleafeyour Ma-yefty that it may be enacted ; and be ii.ettfAed ;^'l tn'e: Kjag’t Jr.aft excellent majefty, by and with the a<Jyioe and ooorent of . - ' •'	:	  -	•	-•	1	•	•	-•	-	the

Digitized by

Google

1784.1	Anno vicedmo quarto Georoii III. c. 42..	9

the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present

JParliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That R*tx« of profit t fhall be lawful from and after the fecond day of , one allowed to *>e thousand feven hundred and eighty-four, for all perfons ufiog talten for the •or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker, to demand,tuture* receive, ana take, of and from all an'd every perfon and perfons, applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with fuch pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal fum and Aims vfrhich (hall have been lent and advanced upon the refpeltive pledge or pledges, before any fuch pawnbroker (hall be obliged to rede*

Jivcr the fame} vUelictf,

For every pledge upon which there (hall havd been1 lent any	'

fum not exceeding two (hillings and fixpence, the fum of one halfpenny for any time during which the faid pledge (hall remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the fame for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which fuch pledge (hall be redeemed, although fuch month (hall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent a fum above the lum of two (hillings and fixpence, and not exceeding five (hillings, one penny:

And-if above five (hillings, and not exceeding feven (hillings and fixpence, one penny halfpenny;

And if above (even (hillings and fixpence, and not exceeding ten (hillings, two-pence:

And if above ten (hillings, and not exceeding twelve (hilling* and fixpence, two pence halfpenny:

And if aboye twelve (hillings and fixpence, and not exceed* ing fifteen (hillings, three-pence:

' And if above fifteen (hillings, and not exceeding feventeen'

(hillings and fixpence,’three-pence halfpenny:

. Ana if above feventeen (hillings and fixpence, and not exceeding one pound, the fum of four-pence:

And, (b on progrelfively, and in proportion, for any fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month in manner above mentioned; which feveral fums (hall be in lieu of,- and taken as a* full fatisfa&ion for all intereft due, and charges for warehoufe room.

}I, And be it further enabled. That in cafe any difference or Difpute* re-difpure (hall arife between any perfon or perfons pledging or re- Ining to fraall deeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker with whom the fame (hall have been pledged, re- jufti'e. y * (pelting the redelivery thereof, or the money to be paid to fuch1 pawnbroker, every fuch difference or difpute, in cafe the original fum lent was under forty (hillings, (hall be fettled and determined by feme juftice of the peace ailing for the refpeltive county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, who is hereby authorized and required, upon application being made

^ ^ ^ Digitized Google w

Perfooi pledging to take a duplicate.

Provifion of farmer a£t

re i'pt cling duplicates amended.

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 42. [1784.

to him for that purpofe, by examination on oath of the parties themfelves, and fuch other credible perfon or perfons as (hall appear before him, touching the premifes, to hear and determine the fame, which determination (hall be final and binding unto and upon all perfons; and that no fuch difference or dispute fhall be tried, heard, or determined, .in any of the fype-rior courts of law, or in any other manner than before a juftice of the peace as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena£t?d. That when any perfon or perfons (hall pledge with any pawnbroker any goods or chattels, whereupon a fum of two (hillings or upwards is lent, fuch pawnbroker (hall and is hereby required to give a duplicate or copy of the entry made in his or her book refpelting the goods and chattels fo pawned, which duplicate the perfon receiving the money lent is hereby required to receive and take; and every fuch duplicate, where the fum lent (hall not exceed fire Shillings, (hall be given gratis; and where the money lent (hall be more than five (hillings, and not exceeding ten (hillings, fuch pawnbroker (hall and may take one halfpenny for the fame; and where the fum lent fhall be more than ten (hillings, and not exceeding twenty (hillings,, fuch pawnbroker (hall and may take one penny for the fame; and where the money lent (hall be more than twenty (hillings, and not exceeding five pounds, the fum of two-pence for the fame; and where the money lent (hall be more than five pounds, the fum of four-pence, and no more, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith(landing; and which duplicate (hall be produced to the pawnbroker before he (hall be obliged to redeliver the refpe&ive goods or chattels, except linen or apparel entrufted to any perfon or perfons, for the purpofe of wafhing, fcouring, ironing, mending, or making up the fame; and alfo except goods or chattels which (hall have been felonioufly taken and carried away,* or unlawfully pawned qr pledged ; and except as herein-after is excepted,

IV.	And whereas many inconveniences have arifen to perfons ur-tying on the bufinefs of a pawnbroker, from feveral different perfons claiming a properly in the fame goods and chattels, where dupliutes or copies of the entries made in the pawnbroker’s booky at the time if taking fuch goods and chattels in pawn, have been given, as the fad farmer aft directs: for remedy whereof in future, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faifl fecond day of Augufi^ in all cafes where fuch duplicate or copy hath been given, the perfon or perfons who (hall, at my time after, produce fuch duplicate or copy to the perfon or perfons with whom the goods therein fpecified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be, and hereby is and are deemed apd taken to be, fo far as refpedts the perfon or perfons having fuch goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors, of the laid goods and chattels; and the perfon or perfons fo ufing ih? faid Ufacje and bufinefs of a

Digitized by v^ooQle

784*] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42.	021

awnbroker (hall be, and is hereby directed and required, after -eceiving fatisfadion purfuant to the provifions of this ad, repeating principal and profit, to deliver fuch goods and chattels o the’perfon or perfons who (hall fo produce the faid duplicate >r copy to him, her, or them, and (hall be, and is and are lereby indemnified fpr fo doing, tinlefs he, (he, or they, (hall lave had previous notice, from the real owner or owners there->f, not to deliver the fame ‘to the perfon or perfons'producing uch duplicate, or unlefs notice (hall have been given to him, ler, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been,

>r are fufpeded to have been, fraudulently or felonioufly taken >r obtained, and unlefs the real owner or owners thereof pro-eed in manner herein-after provided and direded, for the re-leeming of goods and chattels pledged, where fuch duplicate or opy hath been loft, miilaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained rom the owner or owners thereof.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any pawnbroker (hall have had fuch previous no- Provifion, in ice as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch duplicate or copy as afore- caf* of dupli-aid (hall be loft, nriflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained ^tebeingbft, rom the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels nentioned therein (hall remain unredeemed, that then, and in ivery fuch cafe, the owner or owners of fuch duplicate, and of the goods and chattels mentioned therein, as the cafe may happen, (hall prove his, her, or their property in fuch goods and :hatte!s, to the fatisfadion of fome juftice of the peace for the rounty, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place,**and (hall il(o make an affidavit of the particular circumftance attending the cafe, before fuch juftice of the peace, whereupon the pawn-3rokcr (hall fuffer the perfon or perfons proving fuch property :o the fatisfrdion of fuQh juftice as aforefaid, and making fuch affidavit as aforefaid, to redeem fuch goods or chattels; and [uch proof and affidavit (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, a full and fufficient indemnity to the pawnbroker, fo delivering the faid goods or chattels, againft all and every perfon or perfons whomfoever.

VI.	And whereas it would be beneficial that all goods Jhould be ieemed as forfeited, and liable to be fold> in lefs than the time limited md prtfcribed by the faid recited alt: be it therefore further enad-

rd by the authority aforefaid, That all goods and chattels which, For fale of after the fecond day of Augufi^ one thoufand feven hundred and things pawn* sighty-four, (hall be pawned or pledged, on which any fum ex- c<1* seeding ten (hillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, (hall have peen lent, (hall and may be fold by publick audion, but not nherwife, by the perfon having the fame in pawn, at and after rhe expiration of One whole year from the time of pawning the fame; and that all perfons. redeeming any goods or chattels, which were pawned or pledged before the faid fecond day of Augufi) (hall be permitted fo to do upon the terms of, and ac^ . wording to the table of rates by this ad eftablifhed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-

rity

641

Accounts of

Anno viccfimo quarto Georgxi HI. C.42. [1784.

foods.

(tty aforefaid, That every perfott or perfoni to whom any gcxxi She^ t°J£d or diattels lhall have been pawned pr pledged, (hall from urr: in bodes* and t0 time, enter in a book or books to be kept for that pUrpoi.^ Overplus paid a true and jhft account of the (ale otall goods and chattels pawi-to perfons en- ed to him, her, or them, for ten (hillinu, or upwards, whki. Ikied to the (f,a|] be fold as afore(aid, exprefling the day. when, and rhe ex-ney for which, fuch goods of effects pawned were (bid, togetb:: 'With the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by what the fame were fold; and in cafe any fuch goods or cEfedks (hr. be fold for more than the principal money and profit aforefeid due thereon at the time of tuch fade, the overplus, (fall, by ever fuch pawnbroker, be paid op demand to the perfon by or cs whofe account fuch goods or chattels were pawned, his, ber, cr their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, in cafe fuch demand (hall be made within three years after fuch fade, the nece&n cofis and charges of ftich fate being firft deduced j and fed perfon or perfons who pawned or pledged fuch goods or ehas-tels, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afliga, (hall, for his, her, or their fatisfe&ion in this matter, be pain it ted to infped the entry to be made as aforefaid of every fuch fale, paying for fuch infpedtion the fern of one penny, and bj 'more: and in cafe any petfon or perfons (hall refufe to permit any fuch perfon or perfons, who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, to infpedt fuch entry as aforefaid, in any fuch boot or books, fuch perfon or perfons, if an executor or executors, •dmmiftntor or adminiftrators, or aflignee or aflignees, at fuch time producing his,; her, or their letters teftamentary, letters of adminiftration, or aflignment ; or in cafe the goads or effeds were fold for. more than the fum entered in any fuch hook or books; or if apy fuch perfon or perfoos (hall not snake fuch entry; or (hall not have, fid/, according to the directions of this	fold the fame; or (hell refufe to pay fuch overplus,

upon demand, tb the pawner or pawners, hfs, her, or tbetr executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, he, (he, or they producing fuch their letters teftamentary, letters of adminiftration, or aflignment; every Tuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit treble tbe fuch fuch goods and chat* tels (hall originally have been pawned for, to the pesfeh or perrons by whom, or on whofe account, fuch gooids or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admintftntors, or afligns, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fealfc of ai\yrtvo ; uftices of the peace for the county, riding, diviGon. city, tehm, ' iberty, or place where the offence1 (hall be committed,; and 00 uch offence (hall be tried, beard,, or determined in aay of the : upelior courts of law, or in any other manner tban hefore tvo juftices of the peace as aforefaid s and to the end that juftice may pawnbrokers be more effectually obtained in all matters concerning^ gpoh before them, and chattels received in pawn by pawnbrokers, where juftices book e"d Wp k	t*'e P6*0® ar® authorized to-take cognizance thereof by virtue

cates,\c.P'	this or any other atft of parliament, it lhall apd may be la*-

Juftices may

urnmon

Digitized by

Google

tsl

f 784*} Anno viccfiran quarto Georgii HI. C42.

FqI for any juftice of the peace, upon complaint made to him an the oath of one or more credible witncls or witneffes relpec-ting any" difpute between pawnbrokers and perfons having pawned goods, or reTpedtsig any felony, or other matter, which n the judgement of fuch juftice (hill make the productions of any book, duplicate, voucher, or other pa^er neceffary, which (hall or ought to be in the bands, cuAody, or power, of any pawnbroker, to fummon fuch pawnbroker before him, to attend with any book, duplicate, voucher, or paper, which he may have in his cuftody or power relating to the fame, which he is hereby required to produce befote fuch juflice m the (late the fame was made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever;, and in cafe fuch pawnbroker (hall neg)e& or refufe Pawnbroker to attend, or to produce the fame, in its true and perfect (late, neglecting to fuch pawnbroker (hall forfeit the fura of ten pounds for the ufe attend, &c. of the poor of the parifh where fuch pownbroker (hall refide, to1orl€lt loU to be levied by dtftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice fo rummonine the party as aforefaid.

VIII.	Jnd, for the better manifefiing by whom the trade and bu~ finefs of a pawnbroker {ball hereafter be carried on, be it further =ma<3ed by tbe authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid Pawnbrokers fecond day of Augufc all and every perfon or perfons who (hall to *««« their follow or carry on the trade or buhnefs of a pawnbroker, (hall ”r^£ss caufe to be painted or written, in large, legible diaraders, over their doors oc the door of each (hop or other place by him, lier, or them re- (hops. Tpe&ively made ufe of for carrying on that bufinefs, the chrif-tian and furname or names of the perfon or perfons (b carrying an the faid trade or bufinefs, and the word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the cafe may be, following the fame, upon pain of forfeiting tbe (um of ten pounds for every (hop or placd N which (hall be 10 made ufe of for the fpace of one week, without having fuch name or names, and the faid words, fo paint--d or written as aforefaid, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale af the offender’s goods and chattels,, by warrant under the txandi and feal6 of any two juftkes of the peace a&ing within ;he refpedtive county,, riding, divifton, city,, town, liberty, or place (which warrant fuch juftices are hereby authorized and squired to grant,) upon the confe(Bon of the party or parties,

>r upon the information of any credible witnefs or witneffes ipon oath; and the faid penalty, when the charges of recover-ng the fame (hall be deducted, (hall be paid, one half to the nrormer. and the other half to the ofe of the poor of the pa-i(h in yhich the offence (hall be committed; and in cafe fuffi-uent diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch penalty (hall not be orthwitb paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices, and they are sere by required, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe he offender or offenders to be committed to the.county goal or voufe of cojrretfion, there to remain, without bail or main->rize, for ^oy time nut exceeding three calendar months, nor ■	*	^	•	lefs

Digitized by Google

$24

Amo vicefimo quarto Georgii Hi. c. 42'.	C*7^4-

lefs than fourteen days, unlefs the fatd penalty, and all reafoaa-ble charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

Not to extend IX, Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained takeo°in,fiv0 ex^B<*» or b® conftroed to cfcteftd, to any perron or pcr-perCcenuin-e *®ns whomfoever, Who fhall lend money to any perfon or per-Met, * font whomfoever, upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum intereft, without taking riny further or greater profit for the loan or forbqaranc^ of fuch money ’	lent, 00 any pretence whatever. •	/

X* And* for the better m&ntftjling the different rates of fir oft, 15-cluding intereft and warebmfe room, which the pawthrdker Pawnbrokers authorized tore erne ^ be it further enafted, That from and afur to hang up the fecond day of Augufly one thoufand feven hundred and ^heir^r eigbty-four, all and every perfon who (hall follow and carry on u p * the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker, (hall caufe to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the aforefaid rate of profit allowed bv this a<51, and hang up the fame in fome confpi-cuous part or the (hop wherein he, (he, or they (hall carry on fuch bufinefs.

limitation of Xl-Jlnd be it further enafted, That no action at lavr, where tune for com- tenders of principal and of intereft thereof, and of charges for wencing a&i- wgrgjioufe room, have been made by the pawner, at a Tels rate Mwttopkera. ^lan *s contained in the aforefaid table of profit* and refuted by any pawnbroker, (hall be maintainable againft any pawnbroker, unlefs the fame (hall have been brought and commenced before the faid fecond day of Augufi) and that fuch tenders (hall, in that cafe;* be of no effeft whatever, but the goods fhall be redeemable, and may be redeemed under the terms inferted in the table of profittet forth in this aft.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au-No fee to be thority aforefaid/ That no tee or gratuky whatfoever (hall be taken by ja^ had, taken, or received, for any fummons or warrant, or l,Cf$ done^in " ot^cr Proc^*ng whatever, granted or made by any jufticeor execution of juftices of the peace, in purfuance of this aft. this aft.	XIII.	And	be	it further enafted by the authority aforelaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by* him, her, or them done or execured in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, vor thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons may General ifiue. plead the general iflue, And give the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plfemtiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants Double cods, (hall have double cods awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Publkk aft. ' XIV. And be it further enafted, That this aft {hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, without the fame being fpeciaUy pleaded. Continuance.	XV. Provided-always, and be it enafted, That this aft (hall

of tins aft. continue and be;in force, from'tfte day of paffing thereof, for one year, and till the end of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

784*1 Aono vicefima quarto Georgii lit. c. 4$,

C A P. XL11I.

fn all for granting to bis	Majefty ter tain duties on certificates ijficei

with refpeli to the killing game,

Moft -gracious Sovereign,

WE, . y£>ur Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedsj the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftembled, leing defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have granted to your Majefty in this feftion of parliament, have vo-untarijy refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fe-'eral new rates and duties herein-after exprefted ; and to that nd and purpofe do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it nay be enaded ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excel* ent majefty, . by and with the advice and confent of the lords piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia- From Oft t, nent aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from <7?4> the fol-ind after the firft day of OHoker, one thoufand |feven hundred	duD.e*

ind eighty-four, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and [o his M**-' >aid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for jelly; videlicet. :he. ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral rates ,and duties following; (that is to fay,)	in Great Bri-

tain, qualified'

That every perlba in Great Britain, qualified in refpedl to *® kill game, property to kill game, (hall, previous to their (hooting at, kill-ng, or deftroying any game, deliver in a paper or account in bis name and writing, containing the name and place of abode of fuch per- place of a-bn, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county, n)d if in Scotland, with the (heriff, or ftewart clerk of the ~Vce?&c.and :ounty where fuch perfon (hall refide, a ad annually take out a Annually take certificate thereof: .	out a certifi-

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or cate ‘{jf1?0/* piece of paper, upon which any certificate iflucd to any fuch (^lOjay a * perfon (hall be ingrofted,. written, or printed, there (hall be ttamp-duty of charged a (lamp-duty. of two pounds, two (hillings:	*1. as. ,

'That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, Every deputa-zranted to, any perfon by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng- tion of a andx (hill be* regifte^ed with the clerk of the peace of *he ga^eJ^er*P^* county; and every fuch deputation, by any proprietor of land tidy of a man-n Scotland,, (hall be regiftered in the (heriff or ftewart court nor, (hall be sooks of the county in which the faid manor or lands (hall be; regiftered»lth ind the gamekeeper fo appointed (hall annually ' tkke out a J^e C*e!«e0&c certificate thereof:	and t beg'ame-

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or keeper (hall piece of paper, upon which any certificate ifiued to-any perfon annually take apder any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper (hall be out at5emfV ingrafted, written, or printed, there (hall be charged a (lamp- foVfbich he Ipty of ten (hillings and lixpence.	th»u pay ios.

II.-And 6d.

Digitized by Google

I

6t6

The duty to be under the management of the cora-miflioner* of the ftamp-datici.

Anno vicefum quarto Geotmti HL	t*7tf,

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That, for the better and more eflfy&jlal levying, collecting, and paying the faid duty herein-before granted, the fame Audi be under the government, care, and nunagemeiUufthto^minySon* ers for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; wrtio, or the major pai: of them, are hereby requiied and unpowered to employ the dc-ceflary officers under them for that purpofe, to allow fuch fcUrks and iiKidemal charges as (hall be ncceffary, and to caufe fuch new damps to be provided to doiote the laid duty as (hall be requifitc in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame from time to time as there (hall be occafioa, and do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad in exectttioa with relation to the (aid duties herein-before granted, in (be like and in as full and ample a manner as* as they, or the sm~ jor part of them, are authorized to put in execution any farraf law concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after theptf* fing of this adt, every perfon, qualified as aforefeid, who (haH deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his depot}, for the county, divifion* riding, or place, or if in Sating with the (herift 4>r ftewart clerk of the county, divifion, feat, ftewartry, or place where be (hall refide, a paper or account in

*ceo\Mto(hh writing, containing the name and place of abode of inch per*

Etery qualified perfon who (hall deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, &c.

name, and place of a* bode;and every game-keeper who fhall regifter his depitta-

fon; and eve:

every gamekeeper to whom any deputation (hall be granted as before, who (hall regiftef the fame, mentioning the name of the manor or lands, and the perfon granting the feme, and the date thereof, and who (haH refpe&ivdy require a corti-oc Ul,. ficate thereon from fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of tiOT^nuiott- fuch Itieriflf or ftewart clerk, (hall be annually intitled ttenoj in* the name and fuch clerk of the peace, or hisrUeputy, and foch fhefififor otthe manor, ftewart clerk, (hall thereupon iffue a certificate, ftamped n annasrif ^in- kran-bsk** directed, to the effedt or form following* that tituVaUr-

tificate there-

on-	T A. B. dirt of the peace for the county of C. (or as the caferon

Form of cer- X happen to be,) deputy eleri of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I *“****• A. B. jberijf ir [ftewart clerk of the county of C. do detkn, TbeU E. F. bath this day delivered into my qffue a paper, wrung te account, containing bit name and place of fikode, (or, as titecafc may happen to be,) hath this day tegiftertd a deputation, ts be is appointed a gamekeeper by for the manor or lands of which I do hereby certifyt in purfuance of an aft	,	ptf-

fed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George tie mi: as witnefs my band, this	day	of

Clerk of the	And	be	it	further	enabled,	That	the	(aid	clerk	pf	thi

peace, tee. to peace, or his deputy, or the faid (heriff dr ftewart clerk, aits fign and deli- he Ihall base figned fuch certificate, fhall forthwith ifwe the ZZg£? fame, ftamped as herein-before is directed, to the perfon of requiring the P*1*00* fe delivering in fuch paper, writing, or account, ortt-fams:	gifterioj

Digitized by L,ooQle

784.] Anno vfceOmp quarto Georgii IQ. c. 43.'	€xy

(taring fuch deputation as aforefaid, and refpedivdyur squiring ■

ie fame; and (hail, previous to the delivery thereof, bcinr

tied to demand .and receive, of and (torn fucb perfect, the .fom	<

'one (hilling for b>* own trouble in that behalf tend in cote an)/ j> efiwltar*

ch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any (heriff oritawart herein ball

erk, (hall negled or refute to iffu£ to foch perfon or.perfon? m fo^**y*-f<*

oreftid, fo delivering in fuch paper, writing, or account, or *•*“ °*eac*'

giftenng fuch deputation as aforefitid, a certificate, properly

arked and ftarqped, as herein- before is directed, every fitch

erk of the peace, or (heriff or ftewart clerk, (bail, for ewccy

fence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, and oaorcovct

: liable to pay to his Majefty, his heirs and (uccefibrsythe duty

tyable on fuch certificate,

V.	And be it further enaded, That every certificate, granted Certificates f the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the iheriff or "h#“to be ewart clerk, purfuant to this ad, (hall, if the feme be require *“■

I by any perfon or perfons before the firft day of Qfiobtr, one loufand (even hundred and eighty-four, bear date pn ehf day F the month on which the fame (hall be ifibed, and (hall enure and remain in force until the firft day of July, next follow* tg, and pp longer; and that no certificate (halliffue inpurfu-lce qf this ad, between the firfi day of OQahsz, one thou fend yep hundred and eighty-four, and the firfi day of Mar(h, oaf . louifapd (even hundred and eighty-five: and every fuch eerti-c?te which (hall iflbe after the (aid firfi day of March, one loufand (even hundred and eighty-five, (hall be iffued between ic firfi day of Manh and the firfi day of July, in each year, ad (hall bear date on the day of the month on which the fame fell be iflued, and (hall endure and remain in force for the clerk of ths iace of twelve calendar months, commencing from the date of peace, &c. idi certificate, and no longer; and if any derk of the peace, who fl»tl iflue r his deputy, or any (heriff or ftewart derk, (hall iffue any contrary to*1* rrtificate to any perfon otherwife than above direded, he (hall this aft, (hall irfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.	forfeit 501.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained Certain cafe* tail extend to prevent any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or»“ "hu:,h *he ay (heriff or ftewart clerk, from iffuing his certificate to any p^Jce&c. amekeeper firfi appointed in any year after the firfi day of July ifey ikue cer-1 that year; nor to any perfon who hath been beyond tificates after 10 Teas, and hath or (hall have, in any year, firft ariiv- Jdy *.

I or come into this kingdom at any time after the firft day of ktly in fuch year, who refpedivdy may be defiroos of obtain-lg fuch certificate as aforefaid; but in every luch cafe the aufe (hall be fpecified, cither in the body, or at the foot of fitch ertificate herein-before, direded to be granted ; nor to prevent ny clerk of the peace, or his deputy, nor any (heriff or ftewart lerk, within their refpedivc counties, to gram any fuch certifi-ate, as aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons at any time requir-ig the fame, fuch certificate bearing date on the day on which : 1 flued, and being (lamped or marked with double the rates and uties herein-before granted upon eveiy fuch certificate, and (o

6il

QuaUM per-

ions who,after Q61. !,i7*4» {hall ihoot at> or kill any game, without a certificate, (hall forfeit 501.

Not.to extend to the royal family*

Clerks of the peace. See, to tranfmit annually to the ftamp office corre& lifts of certificates granted by them $

on penalty of aOl*

Lifts to be kept at tbe office, and may be in-fpe&ed.

In cafe of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, &c the former certificate to be void.

Anno viceflmo quarto Giokgii fit; c.44. £17844

be in fbrde till the firftday of July ne*t following the date of Xuch certificate, and no longer.	"

VII. And be it further eftafted by (the authority aforefaid. That* from and after the firft day of October y one thou fend fe-ven hundred and eighty-four, every perffin qualified 'as afore-faid, who (hall (hoot at, kill* take, or deftroy, any pheafant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly calledBlack Gome* or* acy growfe, commonly called Red Gumey or any other game, or who (hall kill, take, or deftroy, any hare, with any greyhound, hound, pointer, fpaniel. Setting dog, or other dog, “withoct having obtained fuch certificate, in filch manner as herein-bc-fore is directed, (hall forfeit and pay the fum erf fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direded.

VIII* Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing herein contained (hall make it neceflfrry for any of the royal family, or perfons appointed by them to' (hoot at, Jrifl, ta*e, or deftroy any game, within their chafes, parks, warrens, or royalties, to have the certificate required by this aft.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the (heriflf or ftewart clerks in their refpec-tive counties, (hall, on or before the firft day of November^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and in every fubfe-quent year, on or before the twelfth day of Auguft in each (uch year, make out and tranfmit to the head office of damps in London, corredt lifts, im alphabetical order, of the certificates fo granted by them, diftinguifhing the duties paid on each refpedtive certificate fo iffued* and, on the delivery thereof, the receiver general of the (lamp-duties (hall pay to fuch clerk of tbe peace, or his deputy, or to fuch (heriff or ftewart clerk, fer the making out and writing every fuch lift, after the rate of one farthing for the namqofevery fuch perfon to whom fuch certificates (hall have been granted, and which (hall be inferted in fuch lift; and in cafe any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any (heriff or ftewart clerk, (hall neglcdl or refufe to make out (uch lifts as aforefaid* or (hall not infert in fuefi lift a full, true, and per-fedt account, as hercin-before diredled, of all the perfons tbe fame ought to contain, then, and in every (uch cafe, every fiich clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and (heriff or ftewart clerk fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral lifts, upon fuch tranfmiffion thereof as aforefaid, (hall be depofited and kept at the Paid head office of (lamp* in London, and (hall and may, at all reafonable times, oh paj* ment of one (hilling each fcarch, be reforted to and infpedted by any perfon whatfo^ver.

XI.	And whereas deputations or appointments ef gamekeeper^ granted as before, may be revoked} be it therefore ertadted, That it any lord or lady of a manor in England, or proprietor of land in Scotland, (hall m,ake any new appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands, in the room of the perfon already ap-

e	pointed,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1784. j	Art no vlccfimo quarto GeoRgii HI. C. 43.

jointed, and (hall regifter fuch deputation with the clerk of thg jeace, or his deputy, or (heriff or ftewart clerk of the county n which the manor or lands (hall be fituate, and (hall obtain a lew certificate thereon, the firft certificate granted (hall be, and he fame is hereby declared to be, null and void; and the per-bn abting under the fame, after , notice to him given of fuch lew and other certificate, (hall be liable to the penalties pre-'cribed by the game laws now in being, made for the prelerva-ion of the game, and as arc directed with refpebt to perfons lot qualified to kill game.

XII.	And) in order to prevent the evading the payment of the luties hereby granted upon certificates as aforefaid) and to compel the broduflion thereof to perfons authorifed to infpefl the fame; be it therefore enabled. That if any perfon or perfons qualified, or

having a deputation as aforefaid, (hall be found in the purfuit ga|^*ho if any game with a gun, dog, oi* net, or other1 engine for the Oiall r*fui< t<* deftrublion of game, or the taking or killing thereof, and (hall produce his be required to (hew fuch certificate by the lord or lady of the certificate manor, or proprietor of the land, whereon fuch perfon (hall be by any^ho-ufing fuch gun, dog, or net, or other engine for the deftrublion rifed perfon f© Df game, or by any gamekeeper appointed as before, or by any to do, other perfon having obtained fuch certificate from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy as aforefaid, or by any officer of, the (tamps, properly authorized by the commiffiooers for that purpofe, fuch perfon (hall produce fuch certificate; and if fuch perfon (hall refufe, upon the pi;odublion of live certificate of the perfon requiring the fame, to produce and (hew the certificate granted to him for the like purpofe, or, in cafe of not having fuch certificate fo produce lhall refufe to tell his chriftian and °r to tell bis furname, and the place of his rcfidence, and the name of the ufaTe of county where his certificate was iflued, or (hall give in any falfe abode, 8cc, or fiblirious name, fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.	5°i.	<

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That the certificate hereby Certificates

direbled to be iflued by the clefks of the peace, or their depu- an^tr-" ties, in the refpeblive counties iEngland) or by tiie (heriff or	*

ftewart clerks of the counties in Scotland, (hall not authorife or game at any enable any perfon to fhoqt at, kill, take, or deflroy any game, um«r prohibit-at any time or times prohibited by any .Jaw now in being, nor tdbylaw^&c. to give any perfon any right to (hoot at, kill, take, or deflroy,

any game, unlefs fiich perfon (hall be duly qualified, under and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the prefervation ar the earne.

XIV.	And) in order to prevent perfons qualified in their own Certificates

rights, procuring deputations Jrom any lord or lady of a manor, or obtained un-broprietor of land) with an intent to evade the duty hereby impofed der»utati-m certificates ijfued to perfons Jo qualified v be it enabled. That any j*Ven°in evi-rertificate, obtained under any deputation, (hall not be pleaded <jence *>r killer gWen in evidence, where any perfon (hall (hoot at, kill, take in* game out or deflroy any game, out of the precinbls or limits of the ma- °*thc liiaQOr> nor or lands for which fuch depurat on was given.	^c*

Vot, XXXIV.	U	u	XV. And

Digitized by Google

639	Anno	viqeGmo	quarto	GeoRGH III, C.43.	[17S4;

Gaefe relative ' XV.. And whitens then art	cilia	and

to thofe coun- counties of	them/ehes, and of the peace to ijjuetbt

ties that have certificates herein-Before dire fled] bfe It therefore" ena6ted,Thxi tltt"peace. every perfon redding in fuch cities and-tOWns that are fcountje's, ^	’	' lhall and may deliver in the paper, writing, dt* account, hetdA-

before direfted, to the clerk of -the peace, or his deputy, of the county, divifion, riding, or place next adjoining,: who ^QaH iflue his certificate to the perfon applyihg for thfe fartte^ **% herein-before directed, ’in the fame manner as if'the perfdfr fo requiring fuch certificate fefided in the county of fach clerkof the peace; and upon neglect or refuftt to-iflue fuch cerrt&Sfc as aforefaid, fuch crerk of the peace (hall bd liable to the dune penahies as if he had refufed or neglected to iflheTdch certifi-,	.	cate to any perfon applyihg for the fame, refidfcnt in the county

of fuch clerk of the peace.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afOrdfud, Perfon* couu- That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be ftamps'to fuf- counterfeited of forged, any feal, (lamp, or Mark, directed or for death aa allowed to be ufed by this ad, for the pyrpofe of denoting the felons. duties by this aft granted, or (hall counterfeit or rcfertiblc the impreflion of the (atae, with an intent to defraud his Maidfiy, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties, or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, directed for allowed to be ufed by this aft, with intent to defraud’ his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the (aid duties,' every perfon lb offending, and being thereof cenvifted, Stall be: adjudged a felon, and (ball fuffer death ati in cafes of frfotty; without benefit of clergy.

XVTI. And be it further enabled by the authority aferfiid, Provifions of That all powefs, provifions, articles, daufes, and all btfter former aft* matters and things prefcribed or appointed by arty former or ftamp-latie*	parliament	relating	to	the	ftamp-dutieson	vellum,

to be"io force parchment, and paper, (hall be in full force and effect with retain executing tion to the rates ana duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied this aft. and pnt jn execution for the railing, levying, colloding, andte-curing, the faid new rates and dutieshereby impofed; according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully, to all intents1 and purpofes, as if the fame had feveraliy and refpeftivelybeen hereby enabled with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed.

Penalties how XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afdrtMfi; to be recover- That all pecuniary penalties impofed on any perfon hr peiribo* • ed and ap- for offences committed againft this aft, (hall and may bd fuel • plied.	for an(j recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts at fVefimndtr,

for offences committed in that part of Gieat Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick tpm Tweed, and in his MajeftyV court of feffions, court Of jufttti-ary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences comorittsd in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by sfrion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no efloin, protefHon, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if be or (he (haU recover

i	any

Digitized by

Google

X 784.3 Anno yicefimo quarto ‘Georqii III. c. 43;	63	i

an# penalty -or penalties, (hall recover the fame for his or her own ufe, with double code of fuit.

JCIX. Provided always. That from and after the faid firft day Any {office of ot-OfiehtTy one-thou (and feven hundred and eighty-four, in all *h* county, in ca&s where the pecuniary penalty: by this aft impofed, doth not exceed the ham of twenty pounds, it (hall and may be lawful Ra where the foyatty one or more, juftice or juftice* of the peace of the penalty doth county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, divifion, city, liberty, or place, notexeted *ol. wherein any offence or offences againft this ad (hall be com- ^ a^esbe-mitted, and fuch juftice orjuftices is and are hereby required, fore him,and* uppn information or complaint to him or them made, to Turn- determine in n^n the party or parties accufed, and alfo the witneffes on a furamary either fide, to appear before him or them; and upon the ap- w*^* pearapee of the party or parties accufed; or in default of his, her, or their appearance, according to filch fummons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way, and ugqa due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcfli-oi) of the party or patties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, to give judgement or fen-fence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this ad i$ direded j and to award and iffue out his warrants, under Penalties may his hand and feal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and lev*e(' by forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to dlltre"» cauffe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fuffici- or the offender ent to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, committed, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be (boner paid aod fatisfied; and if fuch perfon or Perfom ag-perfoflS (hall find htmfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judge- grievwt may meat of any. fuch juftice, then he or they (hall and may, upon „{£rter

fjiving fecurity to tbc amount of the value of foch penalty and ,]ni) upon orfeiture, together with fuch cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe giving proper filch judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the (ecurity. peso?*at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, pr. place,, who are hereby impowereJ to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe- the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it (ball be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay cofts occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them-(eives (btl) Aerti meet.

XXv And be k further enacted. That if any perfon or per- Perfon* fiim-fons fttaU be Summoned as a witnefs or witnenes to give evi-dence before iuch juftice or juftices of the peace, touching any Jpp^’ring to of. the osatten relative to -this ad, either on the part of the pro- forfeit 10I. fecutor, or of the psrfon or perfons accufed, and (hall negleft or rpfufetoapyoarat the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without, a reasonable excufe for .fuch his, her, or their negleft or refusal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice orjufti-cepof tbe peace before whom tbe profecution (hall be depending;, that then every fuch perfon (hal* ' ' '* '	'	*

Uua



Ho* juftlCM to proceed foi Conviftion of offenders.

Form of conviction.

Juftice may mitigate penalties.

Anno viceGmo quarto Georgii III. c.43. [1784;

offence) the fum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in (belt jnanner, and by foch means, as is herein-before directed as to other penalties.	'

XXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any offender (hall be convicted as aforefaid, fhail caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the fame effedt, mutatis mutandis* that is to fay;

BE it remembered) That on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord at	in	the	county	of	A.	B.	cams

before me C. D. if quire., one of bis Majefifs juftices of the peace for the faid county, refiding near the place where the offend was committed, and informed me that E. F .of on the	day	of	now	lajl pqfi*

being a qualified perfon, or having a deputation to kill game, as the cafe may happen, did/hoot at, kill) take% or dejiroyy (here fet forth the fa& for which the information was laid,) without having the certificate required by law for that purpofe; whereupon the faid E. F. after being duly jummenei to anjwer the /aid charge) appeared before mey and hewing heard the charge contained in the faid information, declared he was not guilty of the faid offence) (or as the may happen to be,) did not appear before me purfuant to toe food fummins9 (or did neglett and refufe to make any defence *-gainft the faid chargev but the fame being fully proved upon tie oath of G. H. a credible witnefS) (or as the cafe may happen to be,) acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true; and it manijejlly appears to mt) that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the faid informar tion ; I do therefore hereby convift him of the offence afore find, and do declare and adjudge, that be the faid E. F. hath forfeited the fum of	of	lawful	money of

Great Britain, for the offences of orefaid) to be difiribntrd as the law direflS) according to the form if the fiutuU in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my band and fealy thee day of

XXII.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be law* ful to and for the laid juftice, where he fhall fee caufe, to mitigate and lefTen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafan-able cofts ^nd charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difeovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fetch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lcfs .thair a moiety, of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges j any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithftandingv

XXIII.	Andbeit further enadted by the authority aforefaW,

„ u	That

Digitized by

Google

17^4*3 Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGJI III. 0.44# *	63$

That the feveral duties herein-beforc granted fhall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time cciver°e«ieral being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, oftheitamp-■who (hall keep a feparate and diftinfit account of the feveral duties, and by rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neoeflkry charges' of him paid into railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) ^exchequer, into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are dire&ed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the fame receipt (hall be provided and kept a book' or provide a book books, in which all the mbnies arifing from the faid feveral (he dodesle-rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt asaforefaid, (nail paratefrom be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or all others, payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatsoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid re- Application ceipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (ha11 be a fund for the payment thereof, of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an aeft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifmga certain fum of money by way cf annuities, and for ejlablijhing a lottery.

\XXIv. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons, fhall, at any time or times, be General ifliie. fued, mofefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any claufe,. matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfon* (hall or v may plead the general (flue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon tbe trial a verdid (hall pars for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants lhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft futch cofts, plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the (inking fund5 ana for applying certain monies therein mentioned for tbe fervice of tbe year one tnoufand feven hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the monies arifing by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry; and alfo by a land tax, granted to his Majelty by two afts made in the laft feflion of parliament; and for further appropriating tire fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.	r

800,0001. granted out of the (inking fund, for the fervice of the current year ; to be iffued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impowered to raile the fum of 800,0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. All perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to beregittered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to betaken, on for* feirure of treble damages, with full cofts. Penalty of undue preference in point of regittry or payment fubjeft to aftion of debt, or on tpe cafe, with cofts and forfeiture oi office. Auditor, See. neglefting his duty, liable fir damages, &c. the tike to be recovered at Wettminfter. No undue preference in the regiffering, where orders are brought the fame day ; nor if fubiequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, (o as mo.

uu3	j	ncy

Digitized by viOOQ 1C

Anno viceficno quarto GeorgilIII. 0,44. ^*734.

neybe refervcd for the preceding orders* Power of affi^fqrnL ^ua ' tbod of transferring of orders by ifidoifcnKiU^ eiUertia m^ic »" office (without fee). ,If it fhall be judged ipore adnfeahte* tj>ei may raife the faid fum by c xchrquer bills inftead of loans i—*

fbch cafe to be made in the manner preferibed by the molt aft-Of 1 penalties m the iaid aft of Iaff feffiort,

fioo. . All advantages and ,

to loans or exchequer bills thereby amhorifed to bf made forth, to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to bp paid out of the finking fund. Bank authority to lend to bis Majeny ifceicia of 800,000b; notwithdanding an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marian -Th*fom of 105,8181. 5s. nd. 10. remaining in the exchequers fhall be applied towards making good,tne fupply. 441,702b sis. 9d. iq. out of using* of army fer vices, ihall be applied tow aids defraying extraordinary a-peaces of land forces, &c. from Feb. 1,1785, to Dec. 24, i73y* ^Themo-qies arifing by the malt aft, land tax, lottery aft, loans, £1*500*0901) further loans, (1,000,0001.) 105,818b 58. 1 id. iq. remaining an the exchequer} and $00,0001. by this a ft granted out of the furpm&s of the finking fund; fhall be applied (with the refidoe of tbe .monies aidingfom the fale of French prizes, &c.) to the ufes following} 3,153,86^1^64. to

wards naval fervices; 181,141b 6 s. 4CL for the charges of tbe office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1783} 429,008!. ss*7d, for thef charges

of the office or ordnance, for 1789.; 3,716,570]. 18s. 76. toward^jaus-taming theland forces,Sec. 5 of whicn, 636,190b 9 s. id. for defraying the charge of 17,485 effective men, including 2,03b invalids, aod alfo gtCm. agency, Sec. j 284,1131. 2 s. 9 d. for forces in plantations. See. for 17I4; ,8,252b 7 s. 9 d. for advance pay to dragoons and foot io tbe Baft fcdxs, 6,o$ol. 6s. 6d. for general and genera] Saif Officers in Great Britain * 5,371!. 17s* 9d. for two Hanoverian battalions of foot 3 67,5511. 14s. id. to tbe pay mailer general, fecretary at war, &c, and their clerks,6a. 5

173,001 l. i5s. cd.Tor tbe penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital, 6cc.j 75*1x61. 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces, &c.; further fum or 130,300!.

for ditto} 563b 12a. sod. for officers and private gentlemen of bone .guards reduced, &c.; 54,653b 10s. 6d. for commiffioned officers of Bn-tifh American forces; 3,5441* 14s. 3 d. for officers late in the fenrka of the Bates general; 17,000b 4s. for widows of commiffioned officer?} 686 b for widows of commiffioned officers in Britifb American forces; 4*24^ L ml for two regiments of foot fent from Ireland to Gibraltar; to, ct+btrs fd. for additional to three regiment; of foot; 9,811b 15s. 6 a. for federal corps to their being difbanded; 21,419b os. tod. *q. far five. battalion 1 of Hanoverian infantry, for 183 days; 6,291b 7s. for general and ftaS officers in North America, for 1784; 110,369b ns. 7d. for fablfidies to the Landgrave of HefTe Caffe), Sec. for 1784; 60,035b 8s, 46. iq. for 6,461 HciGans, from May s8, to Dec. 24,1784; 1,366b 132. to make good a deficiency in the duke of Brunfwick's fubfidy, for 1783 ; 77,853!. 8s. 7d. iq. for feveral corps in 1784; 15,616b 4s. 1 id. for three regiments of foot, for 183 days; 11919,289b 6s. lid. to. for extraordisi-ries, &c. of land forces, from Feb. 1, >783, to Dec. 24, following 9 6o,ooot to difeharge the civil lift debt; i,ooo,oool. for paying off tbe exchequei bills made out by virtue of an aft 23 Geo. 3.; 1,500,600bidrpafring 06 bills made out by virtue of another aft of the lame year} 36,841 b 1 s. 6 d iffued in pursuance of addreffes of tbe houfe of commons; 25,000b to wards carrying on the buildings at Somerfet Houfe; 5,55.9b ta. for fop porting the civil eftabliflunent of Nova Scotia; 3,150b fottbe ifiand a

St. John; 3,950). for Eaft Florida ; 3,100b for Now Brunfwick in Ame rica; M50I. for Cape Breton; 7,850b to perfeft the purefiafe of tbe hi

.	c..	-____1	r__.l.	 r<	‘	'_mm

of the Bahama Blands, See.; 500b for the chief juftice of Somers Iftandi s 3,000 b for maintaining forts on the coaft of Africa; 9,o0oL for tb commiffioners of publick accounts; 7,009b to make good tbfljke foe paid to the fecretaries of the faid commtffioaers, See.; 4,000 l.mraufiiiit the Levant company; 3^00b for the BrifHh Muftum; d^ol/Vs. id on account of new roads, &c. in the Highland* of Scotland; a»8§rtl. 13* 8d. to make cqropenfation to the Rev. Thomas Weefces Dalby, for dr taming the (hip Hope, Sec. belonging to Charles Wcekes^ on account«

th

Digitized by L^ooQle

15*4.1 < Ahno	quarto	GfedRon III. c. 45.	£35

: 'tfaft fvi&iiilUtfg office, In 1743 and 1744; 75*75°!. *3^	*°r	of

Attterilah' civil officers, firq.; i»,Si61. 15 s. gd. iq. to make good the like (urn tiftled to difchtfge bills drawn on the treafurv by the governor t of K6va Scoria; 3,587!. 9 s. 6d. to be paid to Jofeph white, efq; for de-‘ fraying expenses of fupporting the bill againft fir Thomas Rum bold, hart.

* tta'faft Tefiion j 9110I. os. gd. to be paid to George White, efq; for defray-’ frfg^pcrtces artending committees inquiring into the caufet of the w'ir in the Camlric, and the condition of the Bntifh pofleflions there, in 1781 and 1781; 1,779!* 13s. to be paid to Mr. Evatt, for expences attending fetelf committees in four fcflioris, in regard to the ft ate of the adminiftra-tfdn 6f juflicc in the provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Orifla; 116I. 16 s.

' 6 d. to be paid to Mr* White, jun. for expences attending felt61 commit*

1 tees during the laft and prefent fefiion, on the report ot the direlWrs of the Eaft India company to the boufe of commons, dated January 13,1784, and their further report prefented February 16, lift; *20!. to be paid to Mr. Benfon, for his expences and trouble attending a committee, to enquire into the illicit praltices ufed in defrauding the revenue, and into tire mbft effc&ual methods of preventing the fame; 12,111). us.6d. iflued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convilh, 5cc. on the river Thames; 13,556). as. 7<1. toimake good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an alt 31 Geo. a.; 161,019!. is. gd. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by an alt 18 Geo. 3.; 75,339L 19s. td. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an alt 19 Geo. 3.; 107,9091. 10s. 3d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an alt to Geo. 3.; 455,88s 1. 19s. id. to make good the deficiency of a fund ¥6? paying annuities granted by an alt 11 Geo. 3.; 14,943). 5s. od. tq. td tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an s& 13 Geo. 3.; 36,114). 15s. 3d. 3q. to make good the deficiency ot the grants for the year 1783. The (aid aids to be applied only to the ufes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the hklf-pay: none to receive any thifig who was under fixteen years of age, when the regiment was reduced, nor unlefs he did altual duty, or having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty ; nor any chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice m Great Britain or Ireland; or any having resigned bis com million, and t^ad no rommiffion fince; nor any except tfiofe intitled as reduced officers; nor any officers of the five regiments of dragoons, or eight re-1 giments of foot, lately drfbanded in Ireland, except thofe taken on half-pay.etfablifhment in Great Britain. By an alt *3 Geo. 3, a film xlOt exceeding 77,9851. cs. iod. and a fum not exceeding 47,500!. were appro-'|>riaVrtl tb be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying laid Officers, to be difpofed of td officer^ who were maimed, &c. in the late wars, or to officeis widows and children, as bis Majefty (hall direlt.

C A P. XLV.

An	ail to extend the powers of an ait, ma in the twenty-third year

of hit prefent	Majefly, for giving his	certain powers for

the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjetts of his Majejiy's dominions and the inhabitants of the United States is/-America, to the trade and tommerce this kingdom with the Britifh colonies and plantations in America^ with refptil to certain articles therein mentioned.

Tl>r H E R E A S	by	an	ail,made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

VV reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled,.An aft for prevent- Recital of*, ing certain inftruments from being required from (hip, belong- Geo.c. 39. 'ing to the United States of America; and to give to bi$ Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying oa

U u 4	trade

636	Anno	viccAtno	quarto	Georgia	III.	c.	46, -{1784- 1

trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Msyefty’* do* i minions, and the inhabitants of thelaid United Statesj. it iy+x among other things, enabled, That it Jhall and may be lawful forte Mujefty in council, by order or orders to be ijfued and pkbtifkedfrmn time to time, to give fucb directions, and to make fueb regulations, with refpeft to duties, drawbacks, or other wife, for carrying am- tie trade and commerce between the people and territories belonging ta 4ie \ crown of Great Britain, and'the people and territories 4f the faid ; United States? as to his Majcjly in council /ballappear moft expedient \ and falutary: and whereas it is expedient, that the powers given n ; his Majejly by the faid in part. recited ad, Jhould be extended itr itie manner to the trade and intercourfe between this kingdom and the Britifh colonies an I plantations in America, fo far as the fame may * relate to iron, hemp, and fail cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baluck, which may be exported fteve this kingdom-, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that k may be enatted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent ms-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in tins prefent parliament atTcm-Majefty bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it rtiall and may im^wtTeci to ^av"^ for *1,s Majefty in council, by order or orders to be i™akTrV*uta° and publifhed from time to time* 10 give fucb diroftions* tions tor°car- and to make fuch regulations, with refpect to duties, drawbacks, i v. g on trade or otherwife, for carrying on the trade and commerce between America1 re t^",s kingdom aod the Britijh colonies and plantations in America, htTvVto^on f*r as elates to iron, hemp, and fail-cloth, and other Articles hemp, tail- * of the produce of any place bordering on the Baltick, which clotd, &c. may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, as to his Majefty in council (hall appear moft expedient and falutary ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Continuance ‘ If. Provided always, and, be it enabled. That this a<5f> and of this adt. tj)e powers and authorities hereby given to his Majefty, and all orders ilTued and publifhed in confequepce thereof, fhaU con-tjnue and be in force until the'fifth day of April, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

C A P. XLVI.

An aft to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of tlx teres upon, low wines andfpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; end for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh /pints, as welt for home corfumption as for exportation; and for defraying all home made end foreign /pit its, after the condemnation thereof \ and for vejling in his Mcjtjh the duties of cxcife within the lands of Kerentofh, in the county of Jnvernefs; and for difeontinurng, f or q limited time, certain impojh and duties upon rtem andfpirits' imported from the Weft Indies.

Preamble. T17 H E R E A S, by feveral afls of parliament heretofore made, ▼ V and now in force, j'undry rates and duties were granted upon lew wines and Jpints made in Great Britain for home eonfutnpticn :

‘	and

Digitized by L»ooQle

I

784.3 Anna vkefimo quarto Geohgii III. c. 46.	637

ndxvbereas* in and by the find ads for granting fiub rates and du-ics9 and by feveral other ads made for preventing frauds and abufis 1 the edleCfionand payment thereof \ divers provifions and directions ?r*ar in relation to the managing, Jtouring, ofiertaining and colic Ct-tgtbe find rates and duties were made and enacted: and whereas rent tnmvenienties have arifin from the mode of charging and col-'ding the find rates and duties; and the powers* rules% and regula~ idns, in and by the laid fiveral ads made9 provided, or contained9 or the preventing of frauds and abufis, have been found ineffectual: or Teanedy Whereof, and in order to maintain your Majefty’s evenues, and to fecure a proper and fufficient fund towards paying the feveral incumbrances on the faid rates and duties, vc,* your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjcdts, the com-nons of Great Britain, in parliament afTembled, think it will be	f

or the advantage of the publick to difcontinue the payment of he faid rates and duties upon low wines and fpirits, for a li-nitcd time, and in lieu thereof,: to grant to your Majefty, for he fame limited time, the feveral rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and alfo that further regulations fhould be provided and enabled for the better collecting thereof ; and do there-ore mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be eftaded j and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, for and during the From Nor. f, fpaceof two years, to be computed from the firft day of No- *7*4. the du. yember9 one thouiand feven hundred and eighty-four, all the JUJeTaJidf fates and duties granted and impofed upon low wines and fpi- fpjnts for rits for home confumptiop, in and by any ad or ads heretofore home con-made, and now in force, (hall be difeontinued, fave only and fumption, except the arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the ^alJ.bc faid.rates and duties; and that, in lieu and ftead thereof, the ^years, ^ feveral rates and duties hereafter mentioned, (hall, for and dur- New ing the faid term of two years, be fubftituted, charged, and infcad there-paid ; that is to fay,'	of.

For every gal-

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafti, brewed or made *on „ for extrading spirits for home confumption, from any malt, fore** corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, to be paid trading fpirits by the makers or diftillers. thereof, the fum of five-pence:	for home con-

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or other wafh, or liquor, fuinptton,froii* made or brewed from any fort or kind of Britifh materials (ex- padt,&c’ 5d'* cept fucb as are before mentioned), or from any mixture there- TybrTc£JF^ witfi, fpr extrading fpirits for home confumption, to be paid by from Britifh the makers or difttflers thereof, the fum of four-pence:	materials, 4d.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, made or brewed &a,loi*! from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading Wafh made fpirits for home confumption,, to be paid by the makers or dif- Tr tillers thereof, the fum of feven-pence farthing:	'	iq.pfrgaHon:

And for every gallon of foreign tefufed wine, or foreign cy- Foreign refuf-dcr, or wafh, prepared from foreign materials, (except melaffes ed wine, &c.

and lod.pergaUo^u

Digitized by Google

6j&	Anno viccfiwr quartoGsoffiSK jtt.'cifo. (ij!

slid fugar), or any mixture therewith, fer home confamption, to be paid by the tuabeVs’Cr-tfUSmtSi of, the lum of ten-pence.	i

Penalty on II, Aad.be it further enufted, That no wdK, erlt removing or jn the psfleffion of any diftiller or motor of fpirilb, fldUlic moved or taken from hia entered premlfes, br'CCticfeled;

* .all fuch wort, wadi, and tilts, and alfo -all Tow'Wtn& extra! therefrom, fhall be fcverally nfed and dtftifledbyfuch diftl and when andfb often as any wort, Wafh, tilts, or 7o»*a fbatl be removed, taken away, or concealed, contrary!: true intent and meaning of this a&, fuch wort, waft, mn,: low wines:(hall be feifed, forfeited, and loft; addovertod (ides fuch forfeiture, fuch diftilter, and the perfoo dr peri employed to remove, or who fhall receive the feme, thiU liable to the penalty of ten Ihittings for every gallon of wadi, tilts, or low wines, for removed, taken away, or met cd refpeihvely.

Wilh.fc. not	III. And be it further enaded, That no wort, wafh,"tilt?,

to be removed other liquor, for the diftilling of fpirits for home cohlumptit v»here^n*it wa» ^ put in the ftiH, or otherwtfe removed from the bad fermented, veflel wherein the fame was or were fomented, urttil the fir until the offi- (hall have been gauged, and the duties aforefeid rated the; cerhat gauged by the proper officer of excife; and if any diftiller (hall, w lU'	trary to the directions of this a<S, put into any ftiH, or other*

remove any fuch wort, wafh, (tits, or other liqtar, from rl back or veflel wherein the fame was or were fo fermented, b fore the fame (hall have been gauged, and the duties rated the Penalty. on as aforefaid, fuch diftiller (hall, for every fuch offedet, fo feit the fum of two hundred pounds, and (haH aflopayamb duty for all the wort, wafh, tilts, and other liquor, fo pet in • the foil, or removed as aforefaid.

IV.	Andy to tit intent that tin officers of txdft mej it tk it" enabled todetefl frauds or illicit	of every Hind td it ft

lien; be it further enaOed, That every officer of excife, hiriii Officer* to any dill or follhoufe, or other place uled for the purpefe < Veep an exaft making or dflUHing fpirits for home confumpSoh, mis h wrtUn*aft charge or furvey, (hall keep.«xa& accounts hi hiHwfc (01 &c wbereon P3*0 of difmtffion, and being rendered incapable of fcftiiqV the new du- office under the crown) of all wort, wafh, tilts,	Wficr ft

ties are im- quors, whereon the aforefeid duties are impoftd by ibisfift,^ P°fed* (hall in his faid books of account give unto the'bhnl r. F	,	refpe&ive difollers or makers of fpirits hfc OtaR1 fo flrfrey,

ions of wort, credit according to the following rates dr	j	ttot	i

brewed from to fay,

malt, corn,	-	■

ttaii*havle^	For ""T one hundred gallons of wortor wyfh, Ihitfcf

wed it for to htewed from mbit, com, grain, or tilts, or anyfnixttrt W gallons of fpi- the fame, the owner or diftiller thereof (bail hire cniit fits, of one to twenty gallons of fpirits, of the fhtngth of difcl&Woftrty

proof-j .

Digitized by LaOOQle

7	8*0 Anno vicefjpao qmctcHGBosjau HI. 0, 46.	>	$39

For cvcqr	indeed ;g«lto«9r of cyder, perry, waft), or For «oo g*l-

>thcr liquor.snade or brewwd i/som -any fort or kind of Sritijb ^‘brewoT* natcrials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture from other with the fame, the owner or diftiller thereof (hall have credit Brinlhmateri-Foc fifteen galipot of fpirits, ofctheflr«ngtli:aforcftid;	ato,iisgaiipm

For evcryione hpndnttb gallons of wort or wadi, made or browed from molofles or fagar.oritny naixttuetherewith, -the owner ordiftiUer thereof <hvl hare eredk for iwenty-lwogal- ion* o£ wott, loqsof Spirits, of the ft rangth aforefaid:	brewed from

,. Apd fot '.very ope hundred gallons of foreign refufed wine or	*c*

foreign eyder, «r of wort or wafh made or brewed from any foyejgn materials, (except mdafle* aadfugar), or any mixture For IOO’j. ve,itth the lame, the owner or diftiller thereof (hall have , credit lonsof foreign Sot jtwenty .gallons of (pints, of the ftreogth aforefaid.	refufed wine,

&c. so gal-

V.	And be it further cna&ed, That if, on carting tip *be aS^foremid** fipek of any diftiller or maker of fpirits for home confuroption, Jf Ae fuch maker, not being alfo a re&ifier, at the aforefaid ftreogth (hall find the of one to ten over hydrometer proof, the officer of excite (hyli quantity of find the quantity of fpirits contained in fiich dock to exceed the • pint*-exceed .quantity for. which the diftilkr or maker thereof is iotitled to fuch credit as .aforefaid, after deducing and allowing for the mentioned, quantity of fpirits for which permits (hall have been granted to fuch increale fuch diftiller or maker; then, and in every fuch cafe, the in- fhaUbefirised. create of dock (ball be deemed and confidered as having been > made from wort, wa(h, tilts, or other liquor, not duly chatged with the rates'and duties granted by thisadl, and fuch increafe fiiall bc fieifeci and forfeited.

VI.	And he it further enabled, That the proper officer of ex- officer to cite fhaJl gauge all won, wart), and other liquor, after the fame f^S*,*!*"^* fhall be put into the wafh dill, (whether for home confumption the flUL or exportation), and keep in his books true accounts of the dill

.gauges of fuch wa(h, won, and other liquor refpe&ively.

VII.	And be it further ensiled. That every diftiller or maker ptna]ty on of fpirits for home confumption, whether he be a redlifier or difttHen who not, (hall, before be begin to draw off any low wines from the fhall draw off wa(h ftill, charge the fame with the wort, wafh, or other li- tbe'waS quor, on which the duties aforefaid (hall have been, rated, in 3m dull have the proportion of not left Shan three parts in four of the whole been properly quantity of liquor which inch iiilJ, including the head, is ca- charged, pah^e of containing; and that every diftiller or diftiller* for exportation, (hall, before he, (he, or they (hall begin to draw off

OOy low wines from their waft) (till, charge the fame with wa(h, ip the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which fuch walh dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every wa(h ftill (hall be worked ■off within-thefpaee of twenty hours, to be computed from the time of the officer’s taking the gauge of fuch ftill; and that every diftiller or maker of fpirits who (hall begin to draw off . any low wines until.the wa(h ftill (hall have been (b charged as . aforefaid, or after having been fo charged, (hall.not work the

fame

6ifi	Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGH III: c. 46.



If any diftil-Ser (baH keep low wines4 ■lore than 14 boors after running off

fame offwithin the time hereby limited, (hall; in either 1 cafes, forfeit and lefe the fam of two hundred pounds.

VIII.	And> for the betUr prevention of abufts, or of impe&mtiei to the officer in taking an aecountof the diflillerfs Jbtk% bei? farther enabled, That all 4ow wines whcther tnide by diftitet entered for home confumption or expovtatibn (haB, -within'the fpace of twelve hours-afterthe fame (hall have betrt nmrofffWn' the wad) dill, be pumped or put intb the low wine’tffll, '%at (hall, within the fpace of the neat twelve honrsy tie drawfe off

tb« "fk into Spirits; and if any fuch low wines (halt be kept by *ay ^fe^ioTper diftiUw or maker thereof, more than twenty^four hours after' tow'	the	fame	(hall	have	been	run	off	from	the	wafh	ititt*	every	foefe

diftilkr (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds by the hour, for every hour beyond the time or fpace hereby limited, tfbrin?1 which any of fuch low wines (hall be kept or remain witbocc being a fecond time diddled.	-	*

D rt&\c* 1 re*	IX. And be it further ena&cd, That evervrefHfierartd com-'

Ui veto draw- pounder of Britijh fpirits (hall, before he (nail begin to draw ittg off Britirh ^ff any Britijh brandy,; compounds, or orher fpirits, from hit Spirits, &c*	c|iaTgC	t|ie	fanae in the proportion of not lefs thaii three

parts in four of the whole quantity of liquor which fori* dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every1 fuch dill (hall be worked off within fifteen hours, to be note- j puted from the time of the officers taking the gauge of the (till; I and every re&ifiec or compounder of (pints, who (hall draw off j any Britijh brandy, compounds, or other fpirits, from any dill, until the fame (hall have been fo charged, or fliall not work off the fame within the time hereby for that purpofe h-tnited, (hall, in either of fuch cafes, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.	^	:

Chufc relative x. And be it further eria&ed, That all perlbrw inritied to r«rooIral,^,0r anc* demanding	for	the	removal of raw or unrtdU-

BrihAi^fpirks ded Britijh fpirits, fpirits of wine, compounds, or BrUft for bQinscoA- brandy, for home confumption, (hall, in the requeft note, fpe-cify the quantity of fuch fpirituous liquors, and fhaU alio dtf-feribe to which of the aftve-mentioned cla&s the liquor fo intended to be removed (hall belong, didinguifhtng raw arid un-je&ified fpirits made, from corn, from raw and urare&ified fpi- ' rits made from mclafles or fugar, or any other materials; M1 alfo (pecifying the contents of the feverri cxfksr vefifels, and other packages containing the fame, and by wbatmode of conveyance, whether by land carriage or water carriage,1 the fimie is intended to be fern 5 and no permit (hall be granted on any reqoeft note not made conformable hereto ; and all fpiriiuoe* liquors which (hall be removed under any fa Hedeft: ript ion■(baK be feized, lod, and forfeited.	<	:

XL And be it further ena^ed. That every permit to be with the ar- fF^ted ty any officer of excife for the removal of any Britijh ticuiars^the fprituous liquors for hoqie confumption, (hail be made to cor- J rtqucft note, refpond, in refpe<5t to the particulars aforefaid, with the reqoeft note whereon the fame (hall be granted; and every fuch officer

is

Sumption*

, Permits to

correfpond

Digitized by

Google

84*] Anno vicefimo c[uarto Georgii III. c. 46,	64^

hereby requited' to make out and deliver unto the party -call- Duplicates to I for and intitled to fuch permit, two original parts or dupli- be delivered es thereof, one of which (hall be intitled The Seller’s Permit, by tbegfficer.

1 the other The BujePs Permit, in printed letters $ and that buyer’s permit (ball be fent and delivered with fuch fpirrtu- . * „ , 5 liquors unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that fuch fpiri-)us liquors (hall (if the fame is not feized in the tranfit for nt, of lawful permit) be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and. i feller rendered incapable of recovering the value or price reof in ^any court of law or equity; and alfo, that the feller 11* over and befides the lofs of the fald fpirituous liquor, for-; and lofe double the value thereof, including the duties, and it the evidence of the buyer, or perfon receiving the faid fpi-jous liquors, (hall be admitted to prove that the fame was ivered without a lawful permit.

XII.	Provided always, That when any fuit or action (hall Difputes rela-commenced, or any information brought, wherein the de- five to the de ery or non-delivery of any. permit to the buyer of any Britijb livery ofaper ritupus liquors (hall become a queftion, it (hall be iufficientbuyerBri-

the feller to exhibit on proof the permit, intitled, The tiih ipirkt,

!Ur’s Permit ,< for the removal of fuch Britijb fpirituous liquors, ho* to he de

d to prove that there hath been a fuitable decreafe in the fell- tcrauutd.

svftock of the fpirits mentioned in fuch permit 5 and, upon

i making out fuch ptoof, the fpirituous liquor in queftion

ill be adjudged to have been fent out and delivered with a

tful permit according to the true intent and meaning of this

t,. ■

XIII.	Provided alfo, That no buyer of any fuch Britijb fpi- Buyer not to jous liquors (hall avail himfelf of any fuch forfeiture as afore- avail himfelf d, unlcfs fuch buyer (hall, within fourteen days next after °f fuch

) delivery of the* faid goods, exhibit his complaint or Infor-

ition upon oath, before the coramiflioners of excife, or juf- dayVTheet*

es of the peace having jurifdtdtion, and forthwith profecute hibit hit com-

ifanae with effect; and when any fuch buyer (hall, before the plaint on oath,

livery of fuch fpirituous liquors; have actually paid for the

ne, and (haU profecute the feller, by information, for the re-

my of the faid penalty of double value, to a conviction

* the offence aforefaid j then, and in fuch cafe, the (aid buyer

til and may have and maintain his adtion upon.the cafer at the

mmon law againft fuch feller for the money fo paid, as for fa

sch motley received by the defendant for the plaintiff’s ufe 5.

d, upon obtaining a verdiCt in fuch adtiOn, the plaintiff fhall

0	recover his cofts of fair.

XIV.	Andbeh further enafted, That no diftiller or maker of Reftriaions rits (hall felt or fend out any fpirits whatfoever, of a greater relative to the »ree of ftrength, for home coniumption, than that of one to. ftrength of

1	over hydrometer proof; and no redlificr or compounder of ipmtt. rits, whetherhe be a maker of fpirits or not, (hall fell or fend

t any compdunds, Britijb brandy, or other fpirits, of a cater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in ten un-r hydrometer proof; and if any fuch diftiller, maker, refii-‘	*	her.

Digitized by

64*	Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII IIE c. 4$. {1784^

fier, or compounder, (hall fell or fend out a*»y eomponoi, Briti/b brandy, or other fpirits,.. contniry to thcinteouof this-adt, fuch compounds,	Br andothet(f4ritt,ihall

be feized and forfeited.	1	-J	.

Exception XV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further epadled, Thx with refpeft to jt (hall and may be lawful for any rcdlifier or compounder of fp-i ipuiuot wme. rjts> or any dealer in compounds, Briti/b brandy, or Other rectified (pints, upon condition of their keeping tbeif wboleAod of fpirits of wine Separately and apart from their dock of gather liquors, but not otherwise, to call for and receive permits far fending out fpirits of wine- of any higher or greater degree« ftrength than that of one in ten under hydrometer proof* W any perfon not being a maker, redtifier, or compoundetof (p-rits, (o that the whole quantity of, fuch fpirits of wine, to bet fent to any one perfon in the fame day, (haU not exceed ox hundred and twenty gallons; and the officer granting fuch ps‘| mits, (hair therein exprefs the fame to.be double fpirit, and (hall debit the dock of fuch redtifier, compounder* ordeakf.l at the rate of one hundred and eighty gallons of for everyone hundred gallons of fpirits of wine, for which I fuch permits (hall be refpedtively granted.,	1

Redtifier*, &c. XVI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled, Ttat BaUonVof'raw ^of rna'c'ng unto the redtifiers and compounders of.(pints,hi tpiritt they well for what they (hall make as for what they (hall purchth Shall receive, and receive by permit, a fair allowance for that in creak by are allowed	water which is neceflary to render their fpirits fit for confump-

lading out t'on» they (hall be allowed permits for the fending out arty 140 gallon* of number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportionefooe compounds, hundred and forty gallons of compounds, or Briti/b brandy &c.	for every one hundred gallons of Briti/b raw or uorqft&d(pi-

nts, of the ftrength of one to ten'over hydrometer proof, which they (hall have received by permit, or <h?U hsvetmfc 1 according to the regulations and directions of this, aft; aey thing herein, or in any other ad: contained, tp the oooovy notwithftanding.	1

XVII.	And, to the intent that officers of (xijft tty srf iffiue permits for fending out a greater quantity of Sxitifh

compounds, or Britifh brandy, from tbe flock of any retifier ff compounder e/Britifh fpirits, whether be a mater tj ftiriu or not, than that of one hundred and forty gallons for every i hundred gallons which he Jhall legally make, .or legally Officers to be it further eoadled. That the proper officers of egtdfe ftuii < keep accounts keep an account in their books, with every diftiller, gaktr, 1 tedllfier, and compounder of Briti/b fpirits, as well of iky tifier, Sec. to quantities of all Brili/b fpirits which fuch diftiller. Qnil(eplly 1 prevent their make, or legally receive, as. of all Britifb fpirits, coropos/xk, | 1 Airing per-	fpirits of wine, and Britifb brandy, for which fucb oficmbill 1

greater pro- 8rant an7 permit; and when and fo often as any,officer (bilk portion than called upon or required, by any maker, reftifipr,,pi coapMfr above men- 'der of fpirits, to grant any permit for fending .out any com* tioned. pounds, Britifb brandy, or other fpirits, exceeding the quantity

which

Digitized by t^ooQle

84.] Anno vlcefimo quarto GeorGii III. c. 46.	6+3

ich ftich maker, rectifier, or compounder, ought to have naming in flock, the officer ihall immediately examine, or ifc to be examirted, the flock in hand of the perfon or peris demanding fuch permit as aforefaid, and whatever ex's (hall be found, fuch excefs (hall be feized and forfeited.

SLVm. And, to the intent that the officers of excife may the ter guard agaitifl and difeover any il/icit practices for evading the iet vpm tooris> toa/b, and other liquors, granted by this dfl, be further enafted, That the officers of excife (hall, within Officers, once' rty >days after the day of the pafling of this aft, and fo after-n» once in every thirty days at the leaft, and oftener when coun*of*hc tafion (half require* or when direfted by any principal or ge- Hock of alt ral officer of excife, or by the furveyor or fupervifor of the diftillers for Irift, take M> account of the (lock of all diftillers and .con* . ikere of Britijb fpirits for home confumprion, and alfo of the of the^aV” a or tmreftified ftoek of all dealers in fpirits’for home con- ftockot deal-nption, (fuch diftillers, makers, or dealers, not being actual ers:

Sifters or compounders of fpirits;) and if, on taking the fame,-5 quantity of ipirits in ftoek, added to the quantity for which rtnits (hall have been granted fince the laft reckoning, (hall found to exceed the ftoek left in hand on the laft reckoning, ded to the quantity fince legally made or received by permit Jth ftoek being caft or computed at the ftrength of one ro ten tr hydrometer proof,) the quantity of fpirits fo found in ex-ftfhailbe feized, loft, and forfeited.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That within thirty days Andalfoof xc after the pafling of this aft, and afterwards once in every then* ftoek ffty dayt at the leaft, the officers of excife (hall alfo take an of re&ifier» count of the raw or unreftified (lock of every reftifier or com- Anders and ►under of fpirits, whether he be a maker or not, and alfo of oftheir com-s ftbok of all compounds, Britijb brandy, or other Britijb fpi- pounds,,&c.

8; and if on taking fuch account, the nocks fo taken, added

Jho*quantity of fpirits for which permits (hall have been awn by filch reftifier or compounder fince the laft reckoning, all be found to exceed the former ftoek, and the guantity fince ade or received by permit, with the allowance of forty gallons aforefaid on every one hundred gallons fo made or received afting or computing fuch ftoek at the ftrength of one in ten ider hydrometer proof,) the compounds, Britijb brandy, or her Britijb fpirits, fo exceeding, (hall be feized, loft, and for-iied.* '

XX.	* Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if Direftiona re-ijrAtllfha}) happen to be at work at the time of the officers of lative to foils wfetahim* the ftoek of any diftiller, maker, reftifier, or com- a* w?rk a: wider offpirits to whom fuch (fill belongs, then, and in “f-JJ™5

ery fuch eafe, all the fpirits produced from that charge of the *	*	*

ill (hall be kept ftparate and apart from the reft of the ftoek,

Itthfi account of the reft of the ftoek (hall have been completely test/after which the fpirits produced from the charge of the ill (halt fee added to the ftoek.

XXL And fer enabling the officers ef excife the mm readily

to

Digitized by

Google

6*4

Standing cads containing

raw Ipiritt ihall within

30 days alter pairing this aft, or before they are ufed, be entered at the proper office, and gauged. Moveable casks to have their contents marked thereon,

on penalty of

50 !•

Moveable calks not empty, to be filled up before officers take ftock.

on

too

penalty of

Dealers, who are not refti-fiers,&c. not to be allowed any increafe upon fpirits.

Spirits found in the polfeffi. on of dealers above the ftrength allowed by this aft, to be forfeited.

Anno vicefimo quarto Ge0R,OU IIL c. 4	{1784*

to take the feveral accounts by this aft direfted, be it further enacted, That all (landing or fixed ca(ks, wherein any raw or unrec-tified fpirits, compounds,'Britifh brandy, or other fpirits* are kept in (lock, (hall, within thirty days after the paffing of this aft, or if erefted or fet up after that time, then before the fame (hall be made ufe of, be entered at the proper office of exdfe, and be truly gauged and inched to the fatisfaftion of the principal or general officer of excife, or of the furveyor or fupcnrifcr of excife for the diftrift; and that every moveable cafk, ufed for the purpofe of fending out or keeping of raw or unrefti&d fpirits, compounds, Britifh brandy, and other fpirits, by any maker, reftifier, compounder, or dealer in Britifh fpirits fix home confumption, (hall have its full contents in gallons lfegi-bly marked on fome confpicuous part thereof, upon pain t&K the owner of any moveable cafk fo ufed, not being fo marked, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch default or omiflion.

‘ XXII. And be it further enafted, That if a previous notice of twelve hours, in writing, be given or left by the officer of excife, pf his intention to take any (lock of raw or unre&ified fpirits, compounds, Britifh brandy, or other fpirits, by virtue of this aft, the owner thereof (hall forthwith fill up, or caufe to be filled up, all fuch of his moveable cafks as (hall not be left empty, except that he may leave one ulage of each refpeftive fort or fpe-cies of compounds, Britifh brandy, or other fpirits, to the intent that fuch officer may be able to take fuch (lock with the greater cafe and certainty; and the owner of any fuch dock refuting or neglefting fo to do, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That no dealer in fpirits, not being alfo a maker or reftifier of fpirits for home coniump-tion, (hall be allowed any inc/eafe upon any fpirits whatsoever) and if, on taking an account of the dock, there (hall be found any rayv or unreftified fpirits of a greater drength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or any Britifh brandy, or compounds of any kind, above the drength of one in ten under hydrometer proof, (fave only and except fpirits of wine, which are hereinbefore otherwife provided for,) the fame (hall be refpeftively feized and forfeited.

XXIV.	Provided .alway?, and be it further enafted. That if* on taking the dock of any dealer in fpirits, not being an afttial reftifier or compounder, any Britifh fpirits, or compounds, o* Britifh brandy, (excepting fpirits of wine received by lawful permit under this aft,) or any mixture of Britifh fpirits, compounds, or Britifh brandy with foreign fpirits, (hall be found in his cudody, exceeding the ftrength of one in ten under hydrometer proof, the fame (hall be deemed Britifh fpirits illicitly obtained, and (hall be feized and forfeited.

XXV.	And, to the intent that no allowance may h$ mode* of permits granted, to any perfon or perfons calling themfehes reftifen or compounders for faley but not being known and aftual reftijfm or compounder s> for any increafe which fuch perfon or perfons may make



Digitized by Google

* 7®4-3 Anno vicefimo qtlarto OsoroIi III. C; 46.	$45

i/5r theirflock by water, be it further ena&ed, That no dealer, Or Who ftiall bd other .perfon, fhall be deemed to be a reftifier or compounder deemed rec-of Britijb fpirits within the purvieu or intent of this a&, who tifiersorconi-rt>all not have an entered dill, capable of containing; in the body rJiercof, exclufive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons at the leaft, nor unlefs fuch dill (hall have fuitable tubs and 'worms affixed thereto, and (hall be really and bona fide ufed for xhp rectifying of Britijb fpirits for fale.

XXVI.	Afid9 to the intent that the officers of exeife may the mote conveniently examine into9 and give proof (if necejfary) of the firength and quality of any compounds y Britifh brandy or other fpirits far home confumption* be it further enaCled, That it (half and may Officers 1 fc>e lawful to and for the officers of exeife, at all times, to take take (ample* famples, not exceeding four gallons refpeCttvely, of any com- °f/^nfforth* pounds, Britijb brandy, or Other fpirits whatever, upon pay- jamc* ixient after the rate of (even (hillings per gallon for Britijb fpi-ritfi* and of thirteen (hillings per gallon for foreign fpirits.

X^VII. And be it further enaCled, That no maker, reCH- In what fixed fi#r, or compounder of fpirits, (hall receive into his ftock or Ve^els* *ad poffeffion any raw or unre&ified fpirits in any call* or vetfel of & lefs fize or content than that of one hundred gallons at the received by lead; new (hall any rectified or unre&ified fpirits* or any com- dilhhers,ice-pounds, or Britijb.brandy, be received by any difiillcr, redifkr hfiers, &c. or compounder* or by any dealer in fpirits, at any other time than between the hours herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

(from the twenty-fifth day of Ma1rch9 to the twenty-rlintli day of September, both inclufive, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening; and from the thirtieth day of September* to the twenty-fourth day of Afarch9 both inclu-livc, between the hours of feven in the morning and fix in the evening; and when and fo often as any raw or unredified fpirits (hall be received in any ca(k or vetfel of a lefs content or liM than fuch as is before deferibed, dr if any raw or unrecti-fied (pints, or any compounds, or Britijb brandy* (hall be received at any other hour than as herein-before for that purpofe is limited, fuch Compounds* Britijb brandy* and other fpirits* *

(hall be feized and forfeited.

XXVIII.	And whereas great frauds are daily committed by dif~ tillers fraudulently conveying waft) into their ftills9 and the officers of exeife are not fufficuntly enabled to difeover the fame, by reafon of the nutnbet of pipes and conveyances which communicate with the charging pipe; now9 the better to enable the officers of exeife to deteft fuch frauds in future9 be it ena&ed, That no diftil- After O&.t* Jer of fpirits* whether for home confumption or exportation, *7*4* nodto* fhall* from and after the firft day of October, one thoufand ^orethanons .feyeri hundred and eighty-four, have of keep any pipe or con- pjpc leading veyance leading to his walh (till* fave and except the known tohiswaflt charging pipe or conveyance leading from his known and en- ft*lh tcredwaih back or backs, and which faid pipe or conveyance fhall empty itfelf into a fliute, open trunk, or veflel* at a dif-tance not exceeding fix feet from the (till* and of the following Vol. XXXIV.	Xx	dirnen-

Digitized by

Google

Di mentions thereof.

Penalty Officers may

Thepcovi-&ORS contain* cd la

is Geo. 3 4*;

c.

and 14 Geo, 3 c-73i

646	Anno	vicefimo quarto GeorgIi III. c. 46, [1784^

dimenfions; (that is to fay,) at lead four feet in length*. feet in width, and two feet in depth; from which (hute,-.open trunk, or veflel, the conveyance pipe, into the wafh &U, Qiai be in a ftraight line; on pain of forfeiting for every ocher pipe or conveyance ereded, fet up, kept, or continued, the fum of two hundred pounds: and, to the end that thei.offioers of ex* ^	^ w....	9^e n>ay be able to tafte, examine, and afeertain the quality of

uke a fample all wa(h, or other liauors intended to be conveyed iota the ii£ of the wafh. or dills of every di(tiller or maker of low wines and fptrks, whether for home confumption or exportation, fuch officers are hereby empowered, as often as to them, or any one of them, (hall feem expedient, to take a fample or (acnples of the wa(h or liquid while in fermentation, or during its conveyance to the wa(h ftill or (tills, not exceeding twelve gallons at .am one time, on paying after the rate of one (hilling and fixpencc per gallon for the fame.

XXIX. And be it further enaded, That all and every thedau* fes, provifions, reftridions, powers, authorities*, and dirq&iioas, enaded, provided, granted, and contained in and by an ad of the twelfth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a& for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excife^ with refpeCi to teayfoapy low wines, and Spirits \ or in and by an ad of the fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled* An aQ /; extend fo much of an aft* pqffea in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to dijlillers or makers of Uw wines and fpirits from corn> to every kind of difiller ; and ft? the more effectual fecuring the revenue of exci/e arijing from low wines and fpirits \ and for aftertaining the allowance to he made to the manufacturers of wool and linen9 in refped of tbs duties on foap imported and ufed in the woollen and linen memxfac-tures9 fo far as the fame relate to or concern the finding, pro* viding, and affixing any locks, keys, or fattening* to the fur-vidmg locks nace doors, wafh pumps, ftill head, and charge and difeharge furnace doors) c°ck> of arty wa(h ftill, and to the head and difeharge cock of ftill head. &c. any low wine ftill for the making of fpirits for home confumption, and for the fecuring, locking up, and ufe thereof refpec-tively; and the powers, authorities, and di red ions thereby re-fpedively given to the officers of excife for the opening and * (hutting of the furnace doors, and ftill heads, and cocks, and for enforcing a due obedience to die faid ads, in refped to the matters aforefaid, under the feveral pains and penalties thereby refpedively impofed and inflided for any dtfobedieace or neg-extended to led concerning the fame, (hall be, and the famfc-arc hereby re-diitillecs of enaded and declared to extend to all furnaces, wa(h pumps, foir export a-6* anc*	diftillerS and makers of low wines and fpirits for

tioa. P * exportation,

wont* . XXX. And9 for enabling the officers of excife the bettor to inlitledto^oy &“ard a&atnft an7 fraud (» the Charge of the wafh fill for dif allowance for tilling of low wines and fpirits for exportation, under a preUnu of fuch charge having been increafed by water or other fluid mixed therewith \ be it further enaded, That no diftiilcr os maker of

c	r. ' fpirirs

fo far as relates to pro-f viding locks

increafe of walk io the dill.

Digitized by

Google

1784.} Anno Victflmo qtiarto GborgII til. c. 4 fpirits for exportation (hall have or be mtitled to any allowance,’ for or under any pretence of any increafe by water or any other’ fiend mixed with the wafh put into the (till; but the whole charge of the (till fhall be confidered as wa(hf and the diftiller or maker fhall, in refpeft of the faid charge, produce to the prbper officer the feveral and refpeftive quantities and proportion of fpirits fpecified and directed m and by an aft of the twenty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for, (amongft Other things) the better and more effectually jecuring the revenue off'excife, and of the inland duties under the management of the com-miffianers of excife, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pinns and penalties in and by the faid aft direfted and provided m that behalf.	*

XXXI. And whereas dijlillers and mdkert of fpirits, having Preamble, re* made entry of their fiill-houfes, have fometimes for illicit purpofes	di*

withdrawn fuch entry, although their utenfils for brewing and fer- tiroes\rith-~ meriting wort, wafh, or other liquors, and for diftilling of fpirits, draw their ea-baye been left jlandlng, or in fuch a Jlate as to be readily con- tries whilft Verted again to thofe ufes: and whereas there is reafon to fufpeft ^tentils^ that great quantities of fpirits have been made in the night-time, by	*	*

difiilkrs and makers of fpirits, without the knowledge of the officers of excife, and that Juch fpirits have been afterward> concealed, or elandrfinely removed, and the duties chargeable thereon evaded: and whereas fuch dijlillers and makers of fpirits, difregar ding the [mail and inadequate penalty provided by law for refaftng accefs by night to the officers of excife, have many times excluded and prevented any office? from entering their rejpeftive ftill-hottfes in the night-time, whereby opportunities have been obtained of defrauding his Myefly of a confiderable part of the duties upon low wines and fpirits: and whereas no provifton is made by law, whereby any excife officer can or may, in the night-time, have accefs to the entered premijes of th§ maker of fpirits for home con jump lion, but in the prefence of a ton-ftable, or peace officer \ and by means of the frequent difficulty 6f finding any fucb officer in the night, as well as of toe fmallnefs of the penalty which be incurs by his refuj'al to attend the officer of excife' far fuch purpofes when required, the affifiance of fucb peace officer i<rn feldom be obtained; be it further enafted, That no diftiller, No diftiller to or maker of fpirits for home confumption, (hall be allowed to withdraw his withdraw or difeontinue his or her entry of any ftill-houfe or joufe&fc ftore-houfe* vyhilft any duty therein (hall be depending, or arty whiift°any utenlils for brewing, fermenting, or diftilling, (hall be ftartd- duty is de-ing; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any officer PcnJingF or ' or officers of excife, belonging to the diftrift, to enter by night, • nd* as well as by day, by the umal or mod accuftomed doors or	v

paiTages, into all entered ftill-houfes, and all other places enter ftiU- ^ where utenfils* for brewing, fermenting, or diftilling, are ftand- houfes by ittg, belonging to any diftiller or maker of low wines and fpi* night, is well rits for home confumption or exportation; and if any perfon br M da7-perfons fhall wilfully obftruft any fuch officer or officers of excife iTotn having free ingrefs and regrefs into and from any fuch en- f tered ftill-houfe or place, cverv fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch

X x £	offence.

Digitized by Google

$4$	Attno	vicefitno	quarto	Georgii	111.	c.	46.

, offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and after-pay obftrudtion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch affiry or officers of excife, together with proper affiftance, .to break open by force, any doors leading or belonging to fuch entered (lill-houfe, or place, or any -or the windows thereof, or break, through ai\y of the walls. To far as is neceflary far obr piftilfen nay taining entrance thereinto: provided always. That nothin change their herein-contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to extend* jo home con-0* Prevent any difliller from changing his entry for the making. *' fumptioo to spirits for home confumption, to an entry for making of fpstiu exportation, Cotr exportation, or from changing his entry for the making of &c.	fpirits for exportation, to an entry for making of fpirits for

home confumption, fo that every new entry for the refpc<3fchre - putpofes aforefaid be made on the fame day whereon fuch distiller fhall have withdrawn or difeontinued his former entry; but if the new entry fhall not be made on the fame day in which the former entry fhall be withdrawn, fuch former entry Shall remain and continue in foil force.

Perfomknow- XXXII. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon ac« logl -' permit- tually occupying any houfe, whether he or (he be the owner or v«tf backer rentcr thereof, fhall knowingly permit any private back pr fhll ftill to be^1 fed to be fet up and ufed- in any part of fuch houfe, or in any in their ' building thereto belonging, by any perfon or perfons whatfo-houics, (halt ever, for the making of wort, waft), or other liquor for diftib penalties as*11* lat,on> or of any low wines or fpirits, without a due entry being the perfons previoufly made thereof at the proper office of excife, as is by ufingtbefaiae. law required, fuch occupier (hall incur and be fubjecl to tht fame pains and penalties as are by law directed to be Jnfli&ed on the perfon or perfons adually ufing any fuch back.or fb'lJ. Stints feized XXXIII. And be it further enadked, That all arrack and ed »™" rum» a^d all home made and foreign brandy, compounds,and lued by foch other fpirits, of what kind foever, which (hall be feizedand perfons. See.■ condemned as forfeited, under any former ad or this > prefeat as the com- a6l, (hall be valued by fuch perfons, and in fuch manner and Mtife'and*V f°rm refpedively, as the commiffioners of excife, in -cafes, of cufloms n- fcizure made by their officers, .and as the commiffioners of his fpeftively flail Majefty’s cufloms, in cafe of feizufe made by officers of the direft; and	cufloms,	fhall refjwdively dired;	and, after fuch valuation, the

then deftroy-	yamc	be ftaved and utterly	defrayed p and that, on-die

officer or officers who feized the fame producing a fatisfadory certificate or proof of fuch valuation ana condemnation, and of the deflroying fuch brandy, compounds, or other fpirits,. unto the faid commiffioners, they are hereby refpedively authorized Receiver ge- and required to dire61 the receiver-general of the duties of ex-to toVfclwne c‘^e» or lhc receiver-general of the cufloms, as the cafe may be, ofecer -the * t0 Pay out of the duties in their receipt and colledions, unto amount of his the feizing officer or officers, the amount in value of his or ih are of the	their (bares of fuch condemned	and deflroyed brandy, cotn-

value.	pounds,	or other fpirits, according to the valuation thereof

made as	aforefaid, axclufively of	the duties for the fame; any

law^ ftatutc, or ufigg to the contrary notwuhftaoding.

u	XxXIV. A*i

Digitized by

1784*3 Anno viccfimo quarto Geobgii III. c. 46.	64$

XXXIV. And whereas a manufacture of fpirits> commonly called From Nov. 1,

veil with refyeft to the quality of the liquor as to tbs procefs by following duty vhicb it is made: and whereas the faid manufafture requires fo for the Maid-erge a proportion of wajb to produce a given quantity of/pints, as to Gwcva 1 ender it impcJJtbU to revive the faid manufafture, if the rate of hdty prefcribed by this aft be coUefted on each gallon of the wajby >e it therefore enaded, That, from and after the firft day of STovembtr* one thoufand feven hundred and eighth-four, during he continuance of this ad, there £hall be (Hid by the faia For every 71 leorge Bijbop, for every fcvetUy-two gallons of wafti which he gallonsof hall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, not exceed- producing one hundred and twelve pounds, the fum of fifteen (hill- pOUOXoY* ngtf, being at the rate of two-pence halfpenny per gallon. M malr,&c. 15s.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That for every one six gallon* of kundred and twelve pounds of malt, or other corn, fo ufed, the (pints to be aid George Bijbop (hall be allowed a credit, m the books of alio^ed by the he proper officer of excife, of not more than fix gallons of fpi-

its, at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof. Jna)t>

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That before the faid GeorgeBifliop rtorge Bijbop (haH make ufe of any malt or corn, for the pur- to give 1*

►ofe of making any worts or wafb, he dull give twelve hours ^ouJ^s ”«PCC lotice in witing to the proper officer of excite of his intention weigh the o ufe the fame, in order that the faid officer may attend to n\alt, &c. veigh fuch malt or torn; and if the feid George Bijbop (hall ^

lcgled to give (uch notice as aforefaid, he Ural], for every on penalty of uch negleft, forfeit and IoFe the fum of five hundred pounds, 50°**

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That, for the purpofe GeargeBifboji

>f enabling any officer of the diftrid to afeertain the ftrength Jo provide a if the waih on which the *luty as aforefaid (hall have been	tcJ:

barged, the faid George Bijbop (hall provide, in the faid diftil- tt/de-0 ~ zry houfe, a fmall frill, with a worm and tub compleat, of a termine the ize Efficient to diftill, at one time, twenty-four gallons of ftrength of va(h ; which quantity of wafti fuch officer is hereby empower- the wafti.

tl to take and difrill for the purpofe aforefaid, when and 7 often as he (hall think fit; and if the twenty-four gallons of vafh fo difrilled, fhall be found to produce more than two allons of fpirks, at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer ►roof, then the whole quantity of wafh from which fuch wehty*four gallons were taken, (hall be charged with a duty f ten-pence per gallon.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That all fuch of the Duties to be ates and dutes by this ad granted, as fh?Il arife and become unde*the«a-ayable in England or Wales^ or the town of Berwick tlpOrt "ff

"weedy dial! be under the receipt and management of the com-' fionerspf ex-

fiirtioners and officers of his Majefty's revenue of excife in Eng- eifein Eng-

md for the time being *, and that all fuch of the feid rates and;

uties by this ad granted, as fhaM arife and become payable In

cotlaad, (hall be under the receipt and management of the	9

X x 3	com-

Digitized by CjOOQ 1C

and paid at fuch times as the duties hereby dif-

650	Anno	viCeflmo	quarto Georoii !IL- c. 46.	\

commiffioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenue of excite in Scotland for the time being; and the faid commiflioners 6f excife, or the major part of them, within their refpeftive departments or jurifdiftions, (hall be, and are hereby refpeftively empower- I ed, by commiflion under their refpcftive hands and foals, to I Conflitute and appoint under them fuch officers as fhaH be ne-ceflary in that behalf; and all the monies to arife from the laid rates and duties (hall, from time to time, during the faid (pace or term of two years, be paid, collected, and received at tech continued are refpeftive times as the aforefaid duties upon low wines and fpi-diredtd to be r;ts made for home confumption, and hereby di(continued, PaKl*	have ufually been, or ought to have been, or are direrted n> be

Momeiarifmg paid, collefted, and received; and all the monies wfratfoever arif-from tbe du- ing from the rates and duties granted by this aft fhaH, according *Tr ^d" l° ** tbe judScmcnt °f the kid commiffioners of excife in England app * *	and Scotland, within their refpeftive departments for the time

being, or the major part of them, be by them ordered, appro-

Striated, paid, and applied, in a due and juft proportion, to and or the feveral and the fame ufes and purpofes as the faid rates and duties on low wines and fpirits were, by the feveral ads for granting, impofing, or appropriating the fame, diverted to be appropriated and applied refpeftively.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That all the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, by any art of parliament now in force relating to his Miajefty’s revenues of excife upon fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, made in 6mt .	Britain	for	home	confumption, are provided, fettled, or efta-

Uapphcdin br,(hed> (or during, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, executing this collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, tbe aft.	rates,	duties,	or	penalties, thereby granted or directed, and for

preventing, detefting, and punifhing frauds relative thereto, (not being exprefsly altered, repealed, changed, or contmuled by this act,) fliall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, collecting, paying, adjudging, alcertainim;, and recovering, the rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures, herein-before impofed, granted, or made payable by this aft, and for detecting, preventing, and punching bands relating thereto, as fully and effeCtuaHy, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, roles, directions, methods, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were herein repeated and re-cnaCted.

Limitation of XL. And be it further enafted, That if any aftionor fait aftion*. (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perions, for any matter or thing done, by any officer or officers of excife or cuftoms, or any others aCting in his or their aid. In execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, under the authority or by colour of this aft, fuch aftioo or fait (hall be brought or commenced within three months next after the caufe of action (hall have arifen, and not afterwards; and (ball be laid or -	tried

Powers and penalties of former afts relative to fpirituous liquors for borne con-

Digitized by

Google

17*40 Anno vicefimo quarto GboRGII JU. C. 4$.	651

|ried in the county or place where the fails were committed,

and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or

defendants ihall and may plead the general iflue, and give the General iflue.

Special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon;

jlind if the plaintiff or plaintiffs [hall become nonfuited, or dif-

eontinue his, her, or their aCtion or fuir, or if, upon a verdiCfc

or demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or

^plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover

treble cods, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as any de- Treblecoftt.

fendant or defendants can or may have in other cafes where

cofU are given by law.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or per- pcrfon ions [hall obftruCt, aflault, refift, oppofe, moled, or hinder any obttru&me an officer or officers of excife, in the due execution of the fcveral olfficer in the powers and authorities given or granted to fuch officer or offi-ccrs, by this or any other aCt now in force relating to diftillers, rectifiers, or compounders of Britijb fpirits for home confump-tion, or for exportation, or to fellers of, or dealers in, brandy, arrack, rum, or other fpirits or ftrong waters; every perfon or perfons fo offending, [hall (except in fuch cafe for which other penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lofe, for,every fiich offence the fum of two hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further enaCted, That all penalties and Penalties and forfeitures impofed by this ad (and not herein-before otherwife forfeitures directed) [hall be fued for, recovered, and levied by fuch ways, cowed^and*" means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or applied, may be fued for, recovered or levied, by any law or laws of excife, or by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJlery if the matter mall arife in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed* or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandy if the matter [hall arife in that part of the united kingdoms ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Ma-jefiy, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no No perfon to perfon who (hall be fued or profecuted for any of the penalties be profecuted given by this aCt, [hall be profecuted for the fame offence un- twice for the <ier any former aCt j nor (hall any perfon who (hall be fued or umc otttnQtm profecuted for the penalty given by any former aCt, be profecuted again for the fame offence by virtue of this prefent aCt, or of any thing herein contained.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That this aCt (hall com- Commence-mcnce and take effeCt, as to all fuch matters and things there- m*nt oi lbi* in contained, in refped whereof no fpecial commencement is -	*

hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the	,

tenth day of OQohery one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-four.

XLV. And whereas it has been found by experience, that the laws and regulations ejiablijhed by the Jeveral /latutes, made in behalf of the dijlittery of com fpirits, hay9 not produced the intended effe&y'

X x 4	either

Digitized by Google

6jz>	Anno vicaGmo cpartpGs^RG wUl. g. A [13^

plbtrto the publiei	revenueor U the peoph, tvmtin

- dijlrifls of the Highlands, that part of Qttai	e«M

Scotland; and that upon account of the inferior auulitytftbc grm 1 produced in the places and limits after deferredy toemuntainnui far* face thereof ', and the nature of the fuel: and vfbereai. tho fdmi foregoing regulations and provifoes, by tig ptefenX Jfa&H woujft be equally defective in their application tor or execution in* tit faia diftrihs, as the laws already fubfifling have hitherto proved;] he From 0&. i, it therefore ena&cd by the authority atorefaid,

1784,0001- after the firft day ofOftober, one thoufand feven hu,q^r©d,*rd In Scot- ^S^ty-four, it mall be lawful to the commiflioneru, oMhcms-ifnd mVim Jor Parl °f Them» ty pommiflion upder their hands, of bjtlfa-pu^t fdch jefty’s excife, in the faid part of Great Britain Cjalied %4lknif pei ions as they notwithftanding the feveral former a<Sls and ftatute& whijcfado in^rtaln^ 3t Prc^nt fubfiS in behalf of, or in relation to, the dirtil^ or Highland manufacturing (pirits from corn, and alfo notwithftanding tbc counties, to provifoes and regulations herein-before ena&cd, to authorize fre& and	and empower fuch number of perfons as they (hall judge proper

work^Ul*. ancj expedient, within the Highland parities and diftritt* of the feveral counties of Orkney, Caitfmefi, Sutherland, fyfs, Inutmju Argyle, Bute, Sterling, Lanark,,Perth, Dunbarton* Aberdeenj&r* far, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, and Murray, towered, keep, a&d work (tills, the cubit contents pf which, when the heads arc pn, may contain twenty gallons of Englijh meafurp, and of ca greater fize or content, *ory>( any number of gallons under the laid content, (except, in conference pf the population mi quantity of grain in any particular parilh or diftri^f, it may appear neceffary to the faid pommiflioners to licence a (fill orftiUs from twenty to thirty gallons, and of no greater fize or content), together with all nccenary implements proportioned tothejiaiej and to diftill or draw off fpirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the faid parilhes or diftriCts,. for one year, and for no longer or fhorter fpace, from the date of tty comniiffion or licence, and fo from year to year thereafter j and in (uch Commiflion or licence to hx and afeeriairi the bounds and limits

Duly io be paid by fuch perfons.

pf the particular diftriCt within which the licence is to hue effect ; which perfons fo licenfed (hall, upon delivery of the faid'commillions, be obliged to pay into the receipt of the ge-neral excife, in the city of Edinburgh, the fum of twenty (hillings for each Eng/rjh gallon of the content of fuch dill fpccioed by him, for the endurance of one year, in place of all rates or duties whatfoever by this or any former a6t impofed upon diftillers, or upon any materials or produce of diftillation.

XL VI. And, in regard the faid privilege and exemption ii bereft granted fer the ptirpefe of promoting agriculture and imprcvmnt, for aJJijUng to rear and fupport cattle, and for accommodating the inhabitants cf the faid places, parijhes, and diftrifts, with /pints Awn from their own grain at moderate rates, fo as.all pretence for tU cmmijjwn of frauds again ft his Majejlys revenue may be removed: therefore, in order to prevent all fuch frauds, and the abuts ot the faid privilege and exemption^ be it eriafletj ty tbc

rity

Digitized by

Google

784*	Anno vicefimo quarto Georg li III. c, 46.	65^.

ity afore&id, That it (hall not be lawful or allowable to the Commiflion-tui oommiffioners to grant licences under this a& to any perfon *r« not to r perfon* who are tenants or taxmen, unjefs fuch perfon pf SnSiimiS!^ «rfonS' fhali produce, with their application a certificate fub- QDjefs they zribed by their real landlord or landlords, and alfo by a juftice produce a cer* ►f peace of the county where they live, recommenoing him, tificate of rc-lciy or them, as proper perfons to receive fuch licences.	,

JCLV1I. And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- landlords, &c! aid, That it fhafl not be lawful to any perfon or perfons what- No oevtr, within any of the places, parifbcs, or diftrids fo de- within the faid bribed; {excepting thofe who (hall be Jicenfed or commiffionfd dittrida (ex-n manner before direded, or diftillers regularly entered, accord- <*pt thofe to ng to the general laws of excife), to extra# of diftill any low ^dcr^hii^ vroesor fpirits, from barley, corn, or grain of any kind, or aftf &c>)

>t her materials, by any method or procefs whatibever, or to dittiil any low lave in his, her, or their cuftody, any worm or ftill commonly wines or Cpi-jfed in diftilling corn fpirits, or any wa(h, low wines* or other rlts* prepared materials for diftillation.	r

XLVIII. And% for preventing offrauds and offences aga'wjl the prohibitions hereby made \ be it further enaded by the authority Any perfon iforelaitLThat whatever per(bn or perfons IhaJl be convidfod ^onvjded of >f extrading or diftilling any fpirits from com qr other mate-	or havTne

iqls, or of having in Ins, her, or their cuftody, any worm or any’ ^11, 8ccf till commonly ufed in diftilling corn fpirits, he, fhe, or they in his poffef-11311 forfeit and lole the fum of one hundred pounds for each *!°n» ^all f°r* offence 5 one moiety of which (hall belong to the poor of the fclt 100 # t>ari(h in which fuch offence (hall be committed, and be paid :o the kirk treafurer or other receiver of charities upon their account, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform of, and fue for the fame j and further, the, ftill, and alfo the worm, batch, and whole other utenfijs found therewith, and belonging thereto, ihall be forfeited and feized, and the value thereof divided by equal moieties; one moiety to the faid poor of the pariih, and the other moiety to the informer or profecu-lor,- in the fame manner as is direded to be done with the faid fine or penalty j and further, in cafe the faid perfon or perfonsi [hall retufe or negled to pay the faid penalty when demanded, hen the houfehold furniture, implements, crop, and cattle, of he perfon or perfons fo convided, fhall be taken in execution, md fold for payment of the faid fine, the charges of recovery, ind of making good the fame, without regard to any right the andlord of other party may have or pretend to have therein, upon any account 'whatpver; and in cafe no fuch effeds be If the effeds, found, of that the effeds adually found (hall not produce the of the offender, amount of the faid penalty and charges, then the heritors of	theheri-

the parifh in which the offfence has been committed, (hall be tors of the pa->bliged to pay the whole of the laid penalty, or tq make up the rifh (hall fup-jeficiency thereof, as the cafe may happen ; as alfo in the cafes P*/thc defici-where the faid heritors (hall be liable or fubjeded, it (hall be cncy* optional to the hoard of excife in Scotland, or to the prosecutor at whofe inftance execution iffued, to fue any threevof

*	'	$5

V

Digitized by Google

*54	Anno yicefimo quarto Grorgii III. c. 46,. [1784.

the faid heritors they or he may judge proper, for payment of the faid fine, or remainder of fine, and charges attending tbe fame; and the heritors making payment (hall have recourse and relief againft all the other heritors in the faid parith, and each of the faid heritors (hall pay according to the proportions, and in the fame method, as that by which the depend of the minifter is levied and paid ; providing alfo, that the perfon who holds the execution or diligence againft the faid effects* and is infilled to levy the faid fine, may bring his a&ion, and is to have execution againft any three of the faid heritors, jointly or feveraily, for payment of the Turns due; and upon payment thereof, the faid heritors (hall have recourfe againft the other heritors of the parilh for their refpedfive proportions of the 0n4 lleritort.apon fum; and the faid heritors,'Upon payment, (hall have adfion gayra!5Ltiftiail againft the perfon and property of the principal offender; which agafnft the offender upon fuffering himfelf to be imprifoned therefore dull principal of- not be entitled to the benefit of cejjfio bonorum, neither (hail the trader. burghs be at liberty to difcharge the faid perfon or perfons, in virtue of the a61 or the parliament of Scotland, commonly called 7be Aft of Grace, or any other privilege of the law, hut the (aid perfons (hall fuffer imprifonment as fraudulent offenders againft, and debitors to, bis Majefty’s revenue; as alfo providing that it (hall be lawful for thp faid commiflioners of excife, by the tenor of the licences to be by them granted, to reftridt the perfon or perfons, receivers of the fame, to retide in fuch particular places of the faid counties, places, or diftrufts, as to the fnt commiflioners (hall feem proper for anfwering the purpafe hereby intended, the faid places being always at the diftanceef ten miles, (according to the computation of the country), at licenfed per- the lead, from any entered or excifeable diftillery; and the per-fens, 10 days fans fo liccnfed by them (hall be obliged, ten days before the before the ex- expiration of the current commiflion, to renew the fame, and their'commif- to PaY t*lc monies refpedfivcly due therefor; providing, that m 6on, to renew cafe the perfons fo authorized (hall negle& to take out new com-millions as is hereby dire&ed, and continue notwithftandtng to diftill fpirits, fuch perfons (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, and (ball not be capable of being again liccnf-ed, and the commiflioners (hall authorize other perfons in their places; providing alfo, that in the cafes where new commiffions (hall be ifliied to other perfons, upon account of the.ncgta&of the diftiller formerly licenfed, fuch perfon, if alive, or, if de-ceafed, his heir?, executors, or other reprefentatives, (hall be obliged to deliver up the ftill and other implements belonging thereto, to (he excife officer of the diftri&, upon payment of the value thereof, to be determined by any two of the ncartft juftices of the peace refident at the time, one to be named by the officer, and the other by the faid perfon or his rcprefcms-tives; and, upon the delay or refufal of fuch delivery or nomination of a juftice, it (hall be lawful for the officer to feize upon the faid ftill and implements, and to have the feme valued by any two juftices of peace in the bounds, and to confign the value

thereof

Digitized by Google

the fame.

On failure thereof, and continuance etdifti11ing,to forfeit 1001.

*55

1784.3	Anno vJceGmo quarto Gsorgii III. c. 46.

[hereof in the hands of the (heriff clerk, or the ckrk of the 3cacc of> the county, to be by them made forthcoming to the ^erfons having right, at their own rifle; and the faid ftill and mplemcim are to be at the difpofal of the commifliOners of &xdfe.

XLIX. Andy fllll more effectually to anfwer the purpofes before rxptejjhd, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no No (pint* raa~ fpirits manufactured by fuch licenfed diftifler (ball be exported; nufafhired by or carried, or fold, out of the bounds of the feveral counties, jicenfed diftii-difttidta, pantiles, or places before deferibed; and in cafe any ried <Tut of the foctv fpiritsfhall be found out of the faid bounds, the fame (hall raid bounds, be, ipfo faflo> forfeited, and are4 hereby directed to be feifed,

■nd treated according to the rules of excife in common cafes of forfeiture; providing alfo, that it (hall not be lawful to the faid NoKcenfed licenfed diftillers to keep, have, or ufe more than one ftill, or diitUler to to remove the fame to any other place, contrary to the tenor or dire&ion of their refpedlive licences; as alfo that it (haf! not be or to remove lawful for fuch licenfed diftillers to ufe or confumc any other the fame, dec. gram than the growth or produce of the parifh or diftrilt (to be mentioned and deferibed in the licence to be taken out in man-

ner aforefaid) where he refides; neither (hall it be lawful to him, her, or them, to purchafe fpirits from one another, or to purchafe or receive into their flock, fpirits made by any other perfons whatever; and in cafe of any offence againft this prohibition, and due conviftion thereof, the faid perfons (hall forfeit the lum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof (hall go to the poor of the parirti where the offence (hall be committed, and the other*moiety td the informer; and further, that the faid diftillers,1 upon fuch convi&ion, (hall lofe the benefit of his, her, or their licences, and be incapable of having the fame renewed, and (hall alfo forfeit his, her, or their ftill and implements, the value whereof (hall be divided between the poor of the parifh and the informer, in the fame manner as the penalty aforefaid; which penalties are to be levied upon the goods of the diftillers, and, failing of goods fufficient for the purpofe, their perfons are to be imprifoned and detained, without the benefit of cefpo bonorum, or the a<ft for the relief of the roval burghs, commonly called The ACl of Gracey or other relief whatever: providing alfo, That if any tuch licenfed tenant, pofleifor, or taxman of land, (hall be convitfted of wilfully keeping or working a ftill larger, or of more content, than is fpeci-hed in his licence, or of keeping or working two or more ftills, contrary to the foregoing prohibition, then, and in that cafe, the immediate landlord or proprietor of the ground or place upon which the (aid fraud has been committed, (hall be obliged to make good the penalty or remainder thereof, after the fale of the offender’s goods in manner before mentioned, referving to the faid landlords due relief againft the perfons and properties of their faid offending tenants, in the fame manner as is hereinbefore provided for relief of the heritors of parifhes againft un-liccnfed and fraudulent diftillers within their bounds.

• *	L.	And

Digitized by vjOOQLC

nor to par-chafe (pin tv made by any other perfon, on penalty of tool.

If any fuch licenfed tenant (hall be convi&ed of keeping a ftill larger than is fpecified in his licence, &c. ' the landlord of the ground (hall make good the pe~ nalty, after file of the offender's goods, dec.

▼crin^ cenfed (tills, or tti’ls of greater content than to gallons, 6cc, lntitled to a

65 6	Anno vicefimo quarto GEO&Ofl III. C> 4^. [1784.

CommHKon- L. And be it farther enaded by the authority afadatf, en may with* That it fliall be lawful to' the faid cotnmiffioners of eiafe to

iuheScre- "****» ?11Jor any rf th* Ucen<?MraBled by thrabwtiiy fm\ tioBt	they mall judge proper, or to rcfufo to renew jot continue the

fame: providing. That if fuch licences (half be whhdnaitQdv. iftg the currency thereof, without any fauk or oflfende pfwn * upon the holder thereof, he, (he, or they, (hall be mtftledtD be repaid of a proportion of the monies advanced by them, cor-i refpondent to the time which may be unexpired at the notice of fuch licence being withdrawn $ but the (till and implements are, in that cafe, to be given up, valued, and paid for, as shore drafted.	■*

LI. And, in the loft place, for punijhmg the negligent, omich tour aging the diligent officers of excife, within the counties hefmib Officers dHco- fcribtd, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That If any off-onli- cer (hall difeover arid (eize unlicenfed (fills, or (fills kept by pet-d (tills, fofl* licenfcd of greater content than twenty gallons;

mea&rcy or other wife, as is before-mentioned, when the beach are on as aforefaid, or more"1than one (f ill in the cuffody of fuch perfon, or give information of fuch frauds, (b as the offender*

. f . may be convifted thereof, fuch officer (hall be intitled to are-% vrar o ioi* wa^j Qf tea pOUn<js (ferling for every (till fo feized, or mforms-tion given, to be paid him with the next falary due, and the ium of five pounds (hall be dedufted out of the fahriy of the officer who did duty for three months in the faid diftrift prtced-Ing, and in whofe time the faid frauds were committed, tad allowed to remain undifeovered.

Treafury to LII. And be ir ensued by the authority aforefaid, Tfcrttbs order comm if- comntiffionerfc of his Majeft^s treafury, or any threeOrtfiArcof cife tomake	or the lord high tretfurer for the time Wing, (haH, rm-

upCan account mediately after the paffing this aft, direft the commiffibpksfor of the produce managing his Majefty’s revenue of excife, to caufe to be’ttndi of the duties up an account of the net produce of the feveral and itffce&w #^7*^7^" duties of excife repealed by this aft for feven years, en&d the ycars^ with a fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and cd^hty^hrc^ medium	with a medium taken of the fame; and the (aid cootoifidtien

thereof.	of the treafary, or any three or more of them, or thebtg'hftt**

furer for the time being, are hereby authorised and rtrjufred (S iflue their warrant to the (aid commiffioners of excife, -ffireSkig and requiring them to caufe their proper officers to difftibutt and apportion the monies which (haH be paid to the receiver general of excife, for the duties granted by this aft, m the fel-Monies to be lowing proportions; that is to wy, As the annual medium of paid to the each Jiftridt and refpeftive duty hereby repealed, feptratdy com-

rai^b^vutuV Puted on the avera?e °f ^eVcn y*™ as aforefaid, is to the tots) of this aft,	of the income of all the duties hereby repealed, competed on

how to be dif- the fame average of feven years as aforefaid* fo (hall the Ann, *ibutcd.	which fhall be applied in each week for each feparate arid di*

vftinft duty of excife by this aft repealed, be to the total pip-duce in the fame week of the duties hereby granted; and the f^id receiver general is hereby autborifed, directed, and required,

0

Digitized by Google

7 #4-5 Aapo vkefirao quarto Gboroji HI. c. 46.'	&57

>1^, the refpe&ve foots that wiQ arife, according to the pro-actions io.be taken a« aforefaid, into the receipt of his Ma-fty’s exchequer, to-be iifoed and applied to the feveral funds, c order to make good the feveral ana refpe&ive charges, which • inlaid repealed duties were directed b jrthe Several a of par-ament for granting or continuing, the fame, are dire&ed to be storied and applied} and die auditor of the receipt of his Ma- Auditor of the ally’s exchequer, and .all other officers and perfons concerned exchequer, a - the ifluing or applying the faid duties are hereby directed fajd fi2n» ad required to keep the faid proportional Turns diftindt and apart from aH part from all other duties and revenues, and to diftribute, iffoe, other duties, ad apply the fame to the refpedlive funds, and to fatisfy the aad to. aPPjy ; vend charges to which the duties hereby repealed were appli- manner au» thw able, together with all arrears of the faid repealed duties in the repealed du-lme manner as thofe duties have heretofore'been iflued and ties, p plied.

trill. And whereas Arthur Forbes of Culloden, in county Treafury ini-f invernefs,	efquirt,is pojfejfed of an exemption from the duties of powered to

ecift forth of or growing due within the lands of Feriotofh, in the /ShurForbes iid	county, under a certain	lea ft, fett,or farm thereof which was upon a com-

llanutd by feveral aits and declarations of the parliament of Scotland penfatioo to tfare. the union; which exemption bath bun found highly detrimental he made him 7. the revenue of excife, and prejudicial to the diflillery in other parts [fan'ftom 3t f Scotland, and it is therefore become necejfary that the fame Jbould duties of exr e extingui/bed and made void, upon a fwtable to be cife within node-for the	faent to the proprietor of the faid lands ;. be it enafted, certain lands.

That the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury (ball,PJbvhhSl nd'they are hereby authorized and impowered to treat, con- y > ra«S*. .and agree with the faid Arthur Forbes upon the amount Bnent^thSTte f the compensation to be made in Jieu and difeharge of the ex- nude tor fuels rapt ion fp claimed, and at prefent enjoyed by him; and that, campentation, f $he fait} lords commiflioners of the treafury, and the faid Ar-	thall

bitr.Forbes, his heirs or afligns, (hall come to any agreement. commUtoners oc any fuch compenfation, the fame (hall be paid by the com- of excite in nidtoners of ,excite in Scotland for the time being, out of the re- Scotland > 'eoues qf excife under their colledlion and management, unto But in cafe tee he laid Arthur Forbes,bis heirs or afligns, in fuch manner and Part“* 5*"?°* or-pa as.the faid lords commiflioners (hall, m and by any con- tl^b*' rack or agreement, or any warrant or warrants under their exchequer in lands, order, and direCt; and the (aid commiflioners of excife Scotland, op-re hereby required to make fuch payment accordingly; and on application hat if the (aid lords commiflioners (hall not be able to agree ritlx the faid Arthur Forbes, his heire or afligns, in refpedt to ,7*j. ma"y * he amount of fuch compenfation, then, ana in that cafe, it din it to be hall,aitd may be lawful to and for the barons of the court of ^.riec?• a xchequer in	Scotland,upon any application to be made to the a^hc bar^of

aid court after the firfi day of January, one thoufand feven hun- their court, red and eighty-five, by motion on the behalf of his Majefly, he. the a-iis heirs ana focdeflbrs, or by any motion or petition by or on mount f rehalf of the faid Arthur Forbes, his heirs or afligns, to award ind diced! to be tried at the <bar of rite faid court, by a fpecitl to be made by

jury the crown in

Digitized by

6$9	Atoco	videfimo quartb GEORair III. <2^46!. [^784*

discharge of jury of the city and county oSEdinburgbi to be impiQMUed the aid ex- fworn for that efpecial purpofc, or to award any fpectalcom-cmptiont miffion forth of the laid court of exchequer for malting an in-queft, by a jury of lawful men of the fame city and ceunry to be impanoelled and fworn, the quantum or amount of thetiom* penfation or frtisfaAion which ought to be made and paid by the crown, in lieu and difcharge of the faid Jeafe, fett,Mor ex* emption, regard being had to its circuaiftances, duration, and andafter pay* extent, as proved before the faidinqueft; and that, from *ad ment thereof, afcer thc payment to the faid Arthur Forbes* his heirs or affiga^ ther Forbe* ot l^c compenfation to be paid as afbrcfaid, the fakf Arthur bit heir*, See. Forbes* or thofe claiming under him; and the heritors, pro-ihall pay fuch prietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the (aid lands (halt, at duties of ex- *]! tl(nes thereafter, pay fuch and the fame duties of exeife aor per(bns°ia	c**ft,ng>	anc* hereafter to be impofed, as any other perfbn or

Scotland,	perfons,	within that part of Great Britain called Scotland* are

and (liall be liable to pay; and that all ads of parliament no* in being, or hereafter to be made, for railing, levying, aad Securing the duties of excife in other parts of Scotland* and 'for punching frauds and abufes in relation thereto, (hall from thenceforth be in full force, and effed with refpe& to the faid Arthur Forbes, his heirs and affigns, or the heritors, proprietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the faid iahds of Ferintofh.

LIV. And whereas, by an aft made in the nineteenth year ef tbs Recital of 19	reign of his prefent Majefty^ intituled, An a& for granting to hi*

Geo. 3. c.	Majefty	additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties

under the management of the refpe&ive commidinners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain, an additional tmfoft or duff, after the rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce andammtt cf all the feveral fubjidies, impofts, and other duties, under the celled ion and management of the commijfioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain, upon any goods and merchandizes imported into* or expert*, from* or tarried toaftwije* in Great Britain ; and alfe* cm additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum upon the predate and amount of all the feveral inland duties, rates, impofithnss <M charges (except as tbetein-after is excepted) then payable to bis Mt-jefly, and which were charged and coliefted under the management it the vefpeftive commijfioners of excife in England and Scotland, urn granted to bis Majefty* bis heirs and fuccoffors; and w her/ns* by gather at7, made in the twentieth year of bis Majeftfs reign* ixtt-00 Geo. 3. c. tuled, An adl for granting to his Majefty additional duties upos SS i	malt, and upon low wines and fpirirs made for home consump-

tion, and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain* tod upon the produce of tbe faid feveral duties; and for grmatkt? 1 duty on licences to be taken out by all perfons trading itr, vesd* ing, or felling of coffee, tea, or chocolate; further rSis mi duties were granted and impofed {amongft other things) upon jpirir, imported into Great Britain from beyond tbe feas, over anAabovti> duties, charges, and impofitions by any former aft or efts fet or at-po/cd thereon: and whereas, by another aft* made in the twenty-ft t , at Geo. 3. c. year of bis Majefty s reign, intituled* An a& for granting u> hs; ,7>	Majrih,

Digitized by Google

784O Anno vicefimo quarto GsofeGii III. c. 46.	S$gr

wlajefty an additional duty upon the produce of the feverai dates under the management of the refpetive commi(Boners of he excife in Great Britain, o further additional duty or charge of tzH pounds per centum was granted and impojed upon the produce ind amount of all the feverai inland duties, rates, mpofitions, and forget* payable to his Menefty, and coMefted under the management f the iott\miff\oners of exti/e in England and Scotland: and where* is* by another aft, made in the twenty fecond year of his Majeftfn-

intituled, An at for granting to his Majefty additional and**Gco.3< duties upon the produce of the feverai duties under the manage- c«66*

Enetit of the refpetive commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife xi Great Britain, a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was impofed upon the produce and amount of all the ft* uaral inland duties, rates, impojitions, and charges (except as therein s excepted), payable to bis Majefty, and collefted under the manage-mrnt of the refpeftive commijjioners of excife aforefaid: and whereas it is expedient to fufpend the feverai additional impofts, rates, and duties, by the faid Jeveral recited afts impofed upon rum and other The addition-Cprrits imported from the fugar plantations of this kingdom in the ai dutirt, by" Weft Indies* be it therefore further enacted. That the feve- the recitedat ra] additional rates and duties, in and by the faid recited at of 40 Gc<* *• the twentieth year of his Majefty’s reign, granted and impofed upon rum and fpirits imported into Great Britain, being of the „t8 imported growth* prodution, and manufacture of the Britijh fugar iflands into Great or (ugar plantations in the Weft Indies* and alfo the'faid feverai and refpetive additional impofts, duties, or charges, after the ESfefuMr rate of five pounds pir centum, impofed or granted, in and by ifiands; and the aforefaid three feverai recited ats of the nineteenth, the the additional twenty-fir ft, and the twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, impofts of 5 upon rum and fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture	by	rhe

aforefaid, imported into this kingdom* and all penalties and recited alts of forfeitures, in refpet to the faid additional impofts, duties, or 19, *1, and »« charges thereby impofed on the rum and fpirits aforefaid refpec- {?«<>• v upon tively, (hail be, and the fame are hereby fufpended for the term p irit^and^ll of two years, from the firft day of September, one thoufand feven ^nalVies in* hundred and eighty>four 5 but fuch fufpenfion (hall not extend refpet there- * to pr affect the arrears of any of the faid additional impofts, of, (hall be rates, or duties, now remaining due and unpaid, or to any pe-	*9f

nahies or forfeitures incurred in refpect thereof, otherwife than foVsept! t, is herein-after excepted.	178*.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That upon all fuch rum and fpirits imported into The duties ou Great Britain, being of the growth, prodution, and manufature rum*^<? of the Britijh fugar iftands or fugar plantations in the Weft Indies, for as (hall, on the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven as (hall re-hundred and eighry.four, remain under his Majefty’s lock, and main, on Sept, in thecuftody of the officers of excife, for the better fecurity of	ln

the inland duties which, before the palling of this at, would have been payable thereon, and upon which rum or fpirits the to be remitted feverai duties of cuftoms (hall have been paid, according to the totheproprie-rate* and duties fet and impofed thereon before the pawng of thereof.

Agno vicefimat^uarto GeoROi IQ. c,*	{1784.

this ad. tiiefeveral inland duties under the flHMWgtart dttt

eummiffioncrs of excUe, which are by this a<ft iu(pcarlcJyttal bo, and they are hereby remitted to the proprietors of fioch na or fpirits refpedively, and they are hereby d&bugcd (fan tk The number payment thereof) and that thefaid commiffionersofexot of gallon* to (hall, as fctoh aa conveniently may be* after the faid firft dij# tUeCoommif-t0	&pttmber,one thoufand feven	hundred and eighty-four^cmitv

fioner* ot the to the faid eomtniffioners of the cuftoms the number of gill* cuioai) of fuch rum or fpirits which, on the laid firft day

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, So remained its the cuftody of the officers of excife, and by whom the fimtn who are tera- import^* diftinguilhing the quantity imported by each pert*; pay to the im- whereupon, and upon the application of (uch importer^ & porter* fo faid commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall caufe to be repaid <n much of the fuc|j importer* refpedlively, fo much of the faid duties of nil* bereby'fuf-*16 toms ty them relpettively paid thereupon, as are by tbit id pended. fufpended.

CAP. XLVII.

Preamble.

from 06h i9 17X4, if any vtlTtl (hall be found at anchor, or hovering on the coarts, (unlefs * by dirtrefa of weather),

Jn aft for the wort effectual prevention of fmugging kM

kingdom•

WHEREAS the laws heretofore Wade, and now in font, ii prevent the clandefiinf importation and running iffrehiiui goods, end goods* liable to the payment of duties, into this have not been fufficient to anfwer the good purpefes tbereb%imk, that pernicious pra&ice having of late beenjreat ly inertaftd aim-ried on by large armed vejfels at fea, and by numerous ganguf faq-glers upon land, with great violence* in defiance of tbofe bm% Jtw great iofs and prejudice of the publici revenue, the detriment tf te fair trader* and the endangering the lives of the officers of the rcmi afling in the due execution of their duty, and it isingkgMtfai and expedient that fame further provifion Jbould be made mm tjfi' tually to prevent thofa aeftruftive and growing ev'Us% for amj whereof* may }t therefore pleafe your Majefty that it my hi ena&cd; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent o» jeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Jfpirittui and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament Ambled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from.aiKlaftei the firft day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred nodeighty4 four, if any (hip or vefiel (toll be found at anchor* or homisj within the limits of any of the ports of thiskingdiMn, orwkM four leagues of the coaft thereof* or (hall be difcoveced tt hi'< been within the (aid limits or diftance (and not prowW her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unlefs in atfTofw avoidable neceflity and diftrefs of weather* of whisk nectUrj and diftrefs the mafter, or other perfon having or taking iW charge or command of fuch (hip or vefiel, (ball give now and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of cuftoms of any port within the limits of which fuch (hip***' fel (haU be found* immediately after the arrival of (uch ftp?

.. »ctit*

Digitized by v^ooQle

iAnno vicefimo quarto Gborqii HI. c. 47.	6t>	1

vtflH within the limits of foch port), having on board any having on brindy, or other fprrituous liquors, in any Veffel or cafk which hoard any fo-fhall hot contain fixty gallons at the leaft, (r*cept only for the fc,8n ule of the Teamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hip bf ft^not^on-vtflfel, not exceeding two gallohs fot each Teaman), or having tain 60 gal-on board any wine in calks (provided fuch fhip or veffel having ions, or any Wrtne on board (hall not exceed fixty tons burthen), or having £,nc *n caflw»

: On board fix pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of uc' coffee, or having on board any goods whatfoever, liable to fot- fuch yefle!, Jciture, by any aft of parliament, upon being imported into cargo. Great Britain, then not only all fuch goods, but alfo the (hip	for~

or veflel on board which they (hall be found as aforefaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hall be forfeited.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this or any former aft (hall extend, or In any fuit be conftrued to extend, to prevent evidence from being receiv- *°C forfeiture, ed, in any fuit or information brought for the forfeiture of any be received*^ veffel, for or on account of any goods contained therein, in (how, from order to (hew, from the fmallnefs of the quantity of the faid the (mall goods, and other circumftances of the cafe, that the faid goods quan^ °&c were on board fuch (hip or veffel without the knowledge and [hauheywere privity either of the owner, or of the matter, or other perfon 0n board having the charge or command thereof, and without any witful without the negleft or want of reafonable care in the difeharge of the duty privity of the of fuch owner, matter, or other perfon having the charge or ^ftC/rt0r command of fuch veffel; and in ctCr^ fuch cafe, where proof And on 0f fliafl be made, from the fmallnefs of the quantity of the faid thereof, fuch goods, and other circumftances, that fuch fmall quantity was veflel fhaii not on board without the knowledge, privity, or confent, either of J* forfeited, the owner, or the matter, or other perfon having the charge or ™ tonJ command thereof, and without any wilful negleft or want of burthen, rea fonable care, either in the owner, or in the matter* or other perfon having the command of fuch (hip or veffel, then, and in t^ery fuch cafe, fiich (hip or veffel (in cafe the fame (hall exceed one hundred tons in burthen) (hall not be forfeited for	4

or on account of fuch fmall quantity of goods.

JH. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That any fuch goods, which (hall be fo found Such goods on board any (hip or veffel within the limits or diftance afore- found on faid, whether with or without the privity or knowledge of the	&c.

matter thereof, (hall be forfeited ; and the perfon or perfons in	*

whofe charge or poffefflon the faid goods (hall be found, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof, to be recovered as herein-after direfted.

IV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all veflels belonging in the whole, or in part, to Certain vef-any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, called Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, felt* herein or fPhdrries, (of what built foever), and all veflels belonging deferibed, to , 1$ aforefaid, of any other defeription, whofe bottoms are clench bc forfcltc * *orkv uhlefs they (hall be fquare Tigged, or fitted as Hoops,

'Vol. XXXIV.	Y	y	with



any veflel from having on board ne-ceffary arms.

66a	Anno vlcefimo quarto Gborgli III. 47. [1784;

with ftaoding boltfprits; and all veflcl* belonging a* afotefcd, the length of which fhall be greater than in the proportion of \	three feet and an half to one foot in breadth * and aH (hips or

veffels belonging as aforefaid, armed for refiflance, (otheraile than is herein-after excepted), which (hall, after the (aid M day of Oflobtr, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, be found within the limits or diftance hcrcin-beforedcfcribed, (hall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which (hall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle and furniture. Not to prevent V. Provided always. That nothing herein contained Stall ex-tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any fbiporve&l from having on board two carriage guns, of the calibre norex. ceeding four pounds, and fmall arms, not exceeding two mute for every ten men.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority

Not to extend aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be to yeflcU	conftrued to extend, to forfeit any (hip or veffel which (hall, cn

"rrive f”ay	or ^orc	December, ODC thoufand feven hundred

Kuffia before an^ cighty-fouf, arrive in Great Britain, from any of the do-JDcc. j, 1784.. minions of the emprefs of Ruffia, for or on account of thcfhuik

of fuch fhip or vefle 1, or for having on board arms or amniu-niticn.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafled by Other veffels the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this a6t (hall extend,

or con®ruec^ to extend, to any (hip or veflel on a voyage from nnf any part of America, or the Eajl or Weft Indies or Afrka, or the Mediterranean, fo as to fubje6t the fame to forfeiture, fororoa account of her built, or for having fpirits, tea, or coffee oa board, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to my (hip or veflel in the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, viflualiiog, ordnance, cuftoms, excife, or port office, for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to any veflel whatfoever, the owner of which (hall have a licence, as herein-after deferibed and dire&ed^ for navigating the lame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the coramifikm* ersof the admiralty for the time being, or any perfon authored by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her built, of for having on board fuch arms or ammunition as (he fhall or may be licenfed to have, herein-after mentioned; norto»y lighters or barges, ufed folely in rivers or inland navigations; nor to any (hips or veffels which (hall have on board any arms or ammunition which have been regularly entered anddeard at any cuftom houfe in any of his Majefty’s dominions, as merchandize, or for the ufe of his Majefty’s ftores or gamfons, aod are regularly (lowed in the hold of fuch veffels, or are pmoa board for the neceffary ufe and defence of fuch veffels, by licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or die com* miffioners of the admiralty for the time being, for or oq account of fuch arms and ammunition; anything herein-beforecoa* tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further tnidd,

Tbit

aft fhall not extend.

Digitized by

Google

1784.] Anno vicelimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47*	663

That410 fee, gratuity, or reward, (hall be demanded or received No fee to be for any licence granted in purfuance or under the authority of taken for li* this aft, or for regifteriog the fame.	cencei.

IX.	Provided always, and tit is hereby further enafted by the

authority aforefaid. That the owner of every (hip or veflel Owners of H-vhich (hall be licenfed as herein-before mentioned, (nail, before cenfed veflel* iich (hip or veflel proceeds to fea, or (ails out of any port, har- {^cef to^ ►our, or creek in this kingdom, bring luck licence, <or caufe the proper he lame to be brought, ,to the collector, comptroller, or other officer at the roper officer of the cuftoms for the port, harbour, or creek, portofexpor* rom which fuch (hip or veflel is about to (ail; which faid col* lallon*

:ftor, comptroller, or other proper officer, is hereby required	'

uly to regifter the fame, and (hall alfo produce the fame to the olleftor, comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuftoms, f any and every port, harbour, or creek, at which he (hall rrive.

X.	And be it further enafted, That each, and every licence Particular* to tall fpecify the tonnage of fuch (hip or veflel, and deferibe whe* he fpecified io ler fhe is a cutter, lugger, (hallop, or wherry, or what fort of thc “cence* uiltfheis, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof,

id for what port, harbour, or creek, die is about to fail, and hat quantity and number, and what fort of arms and animation (he is licenfed to take and have on board; and the owner Owneritogive id owners of fuch (hip or veflel (hall alfo. give fufficient fecu- ^cUrlty. ty, by hond, to his Majefty, his heirs and iucceffors, in double r the (hip e value of fuch (hip or veflel, to be approved of by and to the (hall not be tisfaftion of fuch colleftor, comptroller, or other proper offi- employed in r of the cuftoms; with condition that the faid (hip or veflel c.hc ^porta-all not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea jj^ofteai * foreign fpirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, or foreign* ntrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any other fpirit*, or any t, or in the exportation of any goods which are or may be ohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the reland- S00™* r of any goods whatfoever, contrary to law, which are enter-outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or ich are or may be prohibited to be ufed or worn in Great itain9 on failure whereof, fuch licence (hall be void and of force or effeft; and fuch (hip or veflel (hall be liable to feizure 1 profecution, in the fame manner as if no fuch licence had n granted.

XI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-I, .That, from and after the faid firft day of Oflobev, one From 9**'U ufand feven hundred and, eighty-four, if any perfon or per-& upon the Qiore, or on board any fliip, veflel, or boat, (hall ^aliciouflf licioufly (hoot at or upon any (hip, veflel, or boat, belong- (hoot at any to Iiis Majcfty’s navy, or in the fcrvice of the cufloms or fbip belong, ife, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Great J,"**0^* tainy or within four leagues from any part of the coaft there- ** or if any perfon or perfons, being on rtiore, or on board or (hoot ar, (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or ^r0d^cranyfly i£erou(Jy wound any officer or officers, of his Majefty’s navy, pffiCCr of the

Y y 2	or

\

Digitized by Google

664	Anno vtcefimo quarto Gkokon Ilf. C. 47. (1784!

navy.cullomt, or of the cuftoms or exercife, whether attetnpwnpg to' go on orttafe,wbert board, or being On board, or returning from 00 board any execution of ^ip, veffel, or boat, or otherwife a&ing in the doe exeentior bit duty, of his or their doty on (hore, or within the tonka of aoj port, harbour, or creek of Great Britain, or within faarkagac of any part of the eoaft- thereof or fbalt mabcioufty foootat, maim, or danger oufty wound, any perfoherr perfont aiding tot afliftmg fuch officer or officers in the execution of hisbr dm h« ffialt fuftr duty as aforefaid ; then every perfon fo offending, aniatTand felon. ** * every perfon being aiding, abetting, or affifttng therein, flail, being thereof lawntlly convidted, be adjndged guilty-of fekojr, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy. v XII.	And,for the more and	bringing tit

fenders	againft this ali to , be it enadted by the authorir

If any perfon aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfon r fhadl be charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, made felont bj faicemadefe- r^'s a<^» before any one or more of his*Majefty's jufticet ofdw lony by this peace, or before one of his Majefty*s juft ices of the conn of aft, before a king's bench, if the offence be committed in England or

for. or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or withio four court of king's	,of	thereof; or before any one oftht lords

bench, if in w jufticiary, or the judge of the high court of ad minify, or England, or any judge ordinary, or judge admiral, deputy, or fabfHtme, in bk 1 J>ne?f Scoflandy if the offence be committed within Stotla/tdj orwithio juRidary.&c. the	any	port	of that PaTt of Great Britain ctlW Sat-

if in Scotland’ /W, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof,, by inform* by informa- tion of one or more credible perfon or perfons, upon oath, to h°n of one him ^ them to be fubfcribed ; fuch juftice of the peace, or juf* fon upon oath ,iee of the king’s bench, or any lord ofjufticiary, or judgtot Such Juftice or the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, or judge td-Judge (hall cer- mini,.deputy, or fubftirute refpeaively, before whom folia-tifyandreturn formation (hall be made as aforefaid, Ihali forthwith catfr, tion to one*of un<*cr hand and feat, and return fuch information to ok the fecretaries the principal fecretaries of ftate of bis Majefty, hit hen of date: to be dr fucceffors ; who is hereby required-to'lay the fame, as fan laid before Ufa as conveniently may be, before his Majefty, his heirs or fa* coundT,,n	*n his or their privy council; whereupon it tali’ aod

who may or- may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or foceeflbrt, to mb <ler the offend- his or their order in his or their bid privy council, thereby ft-ertofurrender quiring and commanding fuch offender or offender! to fail? e'lof-*1 render him or themftlves, within the foace of forty darysafos tSs orlortof ^ fifft publication thereof in the London Gazette, to the fa* j officiary, *c. chief juftice, or any other of his Maiefty’s juftices of ftecodt of king's bench, or to any one of hi* Majefty’s jufticet of d peace, if the offence be committed within England or t .within the limits of any of the ports thereof,, or within ft* leagues of the coaft thereof; or to any of the lords of jd(Bcia| or judge of the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, judge admiral, deputy, or fubftitote, in ‘be committed within	,or within the limits cf a

port of that part of Great Britain	ifawilbfafa

- leagues of the coaft thereof; who is hereby required, opo

■ Digitized by	1

(784.} Anno viccfima quarto Georgii IIL c. 47:

och offender or offenders Amending -him or themfelves, to tottimu him or them, without bail or mail)prize, to the county nut iu®* 'aol, or to the gaol or prifon of the place where he or they, ball fb furreader, to the ctid that he or they may be forth-omirtg to anfwer the offence or offeneef, wherewith bey (hall (land charged, according to due oourfe of law j which 9,

*dtr the clerks of hie Majefty’s privy couofel (hall cayfe to i^ed jn ft,, * >e forthwith printed and pubWhed in two fucceflive $ Gazette, and woxattts, and to be forthwith tranfmitted to the (heriff of tJbe tr*®lPitt^ *• oumy where the offence (hall be committed, if the fame (hall ‘J1* *“en*'*

>e committed in any county; and if the offence (hall not •

ie committed within any county, but within the limits qf any

rort as afbrefaid, or within four leagues of the coaft of any part

if Great Britain, to be tranfmitted to the Iheriff of any county

tear to the place where ftich offence (hall be committed j which ch^tlKlame

efpe&ive Iheriff (hall, whhin fourteen days after the receipt t™0 ne,r»

hereof, caufe the (ame to be proclaimed, within the hours towns.

>f ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the

narker places, upon the reipedive market days of two market

owns in the fame county in which, or near to the place -

there, foch offence (hall have been committed j and a true

Dpy of fuch order (hall be affixed upon fomc publick place in .

uch market towns: and in cafe foch offender or offenders (hall pffe"d*r*. not

tot furrender himfelf or themfelves, purfuant to fuch order of {hetnfel'eil^o

tit Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to be made in council faffer death

is afbrefaid, he or they, fi» neglodting or refuting to furrender as felom, &c,

limfclf or themfelves aa afbrefaid, or efcaping after fuch fur-

endcr, fhall, from the day appointed for bis or their furrender

a afowrfaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convidled

nd attainted of felony, and (hall fuffer pains of death aa in

afea of a perfon convidled and attainted by verdidt and judge-

rant of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be

barged to have beat committed within England or Walts, or

within the limits of any of the porta thereof, or within four

eagoes of the coaft thereof; and (hall be adjudged, deemed,

nd taken to be convidted of a capital crime, and (hall fuffer

he pains of death, and confifcation of moveables, as in cafe

if a perfbn found guilty of a capital crime, and under fentence

or thefaahe, if the offence be charged to have been committed

within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coaft thereof j and thatut (hall

ic lawful to and for the court of king's bench, or the juftices

if oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or great fefliona c0tion Sgunft

or the' county or place where fuch perfon (hall be, to award fuch offenders

xecution againft fueh offender or offenders, in fuch maimer in like manner

s if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the faid J™ convift-

ourt of king's bench, or before foch juftices of oyer and e<| in the faMj

erminer, or general gaol delivery, or great fefiions refpedlively, court, Set,

f the offence be charged to have been committed within Eng-

and or Walts, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coaft thereof j and that it fliall

^ ^ ^	Digitized by GoO^lC	^

alter.

(hall, on conviction, be guilty of felony, and be t ran (ported for feven yean,,

666	Anno	vlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [17*4.

be lawful for the court of jufticiary, or the lords of judiciary in their circuits, or the judge of the high court of admiralty, to award execution againft fuch offender and offenders, ia fuch manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the faid court of jufticiary, or-in the circuit court* refpe&ively, if the offence fhall be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof.

Any perfon XIII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That barbouring a]j ancj evcry perfon and perfons, who fhall, after the timeap-attcr Uic uSe pointed as aforefaid for the furrender of any perfon or perfons, appointed tor fo charged upon oath with any of the offences aforefaid, (hall their furren- be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour der. andocing fuch perfon or perfons, knowing him or them to have been wkhtn^year charged as aforefaid, and to have been required to fur-render him or tbemfelves by fuch order or orders as aforefaid, and not to have furrendered purfuant to fuch order or orders, belrig profecuted for the fame within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convidled thereof, (hall be guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported as a felon or felons for the fpace of feven years, in the fame manner as felons are or fhall be appointed to be tranfported by virtue of any adt or ads already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the tranfportation of felons $ and if any fuch offender or offenders fhall be found at large within Great Britain before the expiration of the faid term, without lawful caufe, he, fhe or they, fhall fuffer death as felons, and have execution awarded againft him, her, or them, as perfon's attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy. Not toprevent XIV. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, That j»nyjmlge,jjuf- nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to prevent or .ppreheoding hiPder anY judge. juftice of the peace, magiftrate, officer, or tuch offenders minifter of juftice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending, and bytheordina- fecuring, fuch offender or offenders, againft whom fuch information fhall be given, and for requiring whofe furremfcr fuch order in council fhall be made as aforefaid, by the ordinary courfe of law; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders, againft whom fuch information and for requiring whofe fur-render fuch order in council fhall be made as aforefaid, (hall be taken and fecured, in order to be brought to juftice, before the tin#e fhall be expired within which be or they fhall be required to furrender him or themfelves by fuch order in council as aforefaid 5 that then, and in fuch cafe, no further proceeding fhall be had upon fuch order made in council againft him or them fo taken and fecured as aforefaid, but he or they (hill be brought to trial by due courfe of law; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after tbe firft day of October, one thoufand few hundred and eighty-four, if any officer or officers of his Majef-ty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftow or excifc, being

ea

Digitized by vjOOQIC

ry courts of law.

Perfons ob-ftrutting officers oi tbe

X784O Anno vicehmO quarto GeoRGII III. C.47.	667

on (bore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning f»avy» &c‘ In from on board, any (hip, boat, or veffel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coafts thereof, (hall be hindered, oppofed, obftrudted, or aflaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty by any perfon or perfons whatfodver, either in the day-time or night ; all. and every perfon or perfons fo hindering, oppofing, roaybecarried ©bftrudiing, or aflaulting, the faid officer or officers in the due J?™ a execution of his or their duty, and all fuch as (hall adt in his 9 ©r their aid or afliftance, (hall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majefty’s jurtices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch offence (hail be committed ; and fuch juftice or juftices (ball, if he or they fee caufe wbomayeom-commit fuch perfon or perfons to the next county gaol, “dttheni. there to remain until the next court of oyer and terminer,

f;reat fefllon, or gaol delivery, or until fuch perfon (hall be de-ivered by due courfe of law; and in cafe an indidtment (hall be found againft him or them, he or they (hall plead thereto, without having time to traverfe the fame, as is ufual in cafes of mifclemeanors ; and being duly convidted thereof, (hall, by Penalty on order of the faid court before whom fuch offender (hall be conviction, convidted, be fentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable, river in that part of Great Britain called England^ for any term not exceeding three years, according to the dire&ions of an adt paffed in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, intituled. An at1 to explain and amend *9 Gco-the laws relating to the tranfportation) imprifonment, and other c* 74-punijhment, of certain offenders) and as is by the faid adt diredted for the puniffiment of perfons convidted of grand larceny 5 or fuch court may order fuch offender to be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction, for any term not exceeding three years.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That in cafe Perfonscharg-any perfon (hall be brought before any juftice of the peace, *d with ob-being charged with having hindered, oppofed, obftrudted, or aflaulted, any officer of the navy, cuftoms, or excife, contra- o^nceTalUC ry to this adt, and it (hall appear thtit the offence with which within the fuch perfon is charged falls within the provifions of an adt provifions of paffed in the nineteenth year of his Majefty9s reign, intituled,

An at! for the more effetfually preventing the pernicious practices committed of fmuggling in this kingdom ; and for indemnifying perfons who until the next have been guilty of offences againjl the laws of the cuftoms and quarter fef-excife) upon the terms therein mentioned; it ihall and may be “0BS' &c-lawful for fuch juftice, if he thinks fit, inftead of proceeding againft fuch offender, according to the provifions of this adt, * to commit fuch offender to the county gaol until the next quarter feffions of the peace; and in that cafe every fuch offender (hall be tried and punifhed as by the faid laft recited adt is diredted, and not otherwife.

XVII.	And) for the fpeedy and impartial trial of any offence% which by this alt is inland to be a felony or mifdemeanor) be it

Y y 4	enadted.

Digitized by Google

663	Aooo	viccfiny) quart© Grough UL- c.47. [17S4.1I

Offence* corn*	That	every	fuch	offence,	to	cafe	tke fame foil

Und andEng" *otnmiued within England, fVa}es* or the town of /

Wales where Tweed, or within tbe limits of any of the ports thereof* be tried. within four leagues of any part of the coafts thereof, hall

may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, before any court or courts of oyer and terminer, great faffioo, orgsoi delivery, in any county within that part of Great BritdktnM Englandr, or the dominion of JVatei, in fuch manner as if tfe fa& had hcen actually committed within focb county; any law, qfage, or cuftoro, to the contrary in any wife ratwito-(landing.

PirefKon* re-	XVIII. And be it cna&ed, That in cafe any offence, vfckk

Ucivt to of- by this a# is declared to be a felony or m&fcmeamt, ftutt tcd^Scot- ^aPPen to ** conimittcd in that part of Great Britain atted land. ^ ** Scotland, or within the limits of any port thereof, or vritbin four leagues of the coafts of the fame, information of feebof-fence may be given to any juftice of peace, judge ordinary, or judge admiral, depute or fubftitute, redding neareft the plats where fuch offence may have been committed; who^ ifht (hall fee caufe, may and (hall grant a warrant for comtnkftag the perfon or perfons complained of to the common pal of ♦ tbe county, city, borough, or place, there to lie until be is liberated in due courfc of law; and fuch perfon or petfons (hall and may be tried before the court of juftictary or circs* pourts, or before the judge of the high court of admiraky at Edinburgh; or in cafe the offence be only fuch at is putudi-able by hard labour or imprifonment, the fame may be tried before the judge ordinary of the county or place w lucre the warrant was granted.	.	f

XIX. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforehid, bcfScVju^	w^cre	any oerfon or perfons (hall, by virtue of this pee-

tics tor 2 mtf- font a&, be ariefted and taken before any one of his Mayfly's demeanor,'net juftices of the peace, for any offence againft this denned to he admitted a mifdcmeanor, fuch perfon or perfons (hail in ho cafe bcad-iphaii, with*	to	bail, unlefs he (hall firft enter flito a recognizance,

with two fuffrcjent fureties, to his Majefty* his heirs and foe* ceffors, in the fum of two hundred pounds, and the faid fore* ties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that fock perfon or perfons (hall appear at the then nett enfuiog court of oyer and terminer; general gkol delivery, or great feffiww, to be holder) for fuch county for which the juftice before whore he (hall be brought (hall ad, and anfwer and plead loan? indidtment which may be found at or before fuch court for. fuch mifdemeanor; and fuch recognizance Shall forthwith be Uranfmitted to the clerk of	or	other	proper officer of the

court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great feffions, for fuch county as eforefajd.	* •

Ko perfon ae% XX. And be it further enabled. That where any fech apA .kmeMDrui''' demeanor is committed in Scotland, or within the limits of my Scotland, to Port thereof, of within four leagues of the coafts of the fame, bt admitted the perfon or perfoax accufed thereof, and taken before tnf J	o	'	,	•	• juftice

OMt entering inio a recoj.-nizince fr>« r >tirapp< f. aiicc, &c. 1

Digitized by " >ogle.

Anna vicifimo quatto Georgn lit. c.4*?.'	669

uftiae df the peace, or other Judge competent In Scotland, to bail, ualefa halt not vbe. admitted to bail, unlei's he enter into a recog-heen“F“*°* lizarux, with two fufficient ftfreties, to his Majefty, his heirs Od. fuccdSorS, in the Aim of two hundred pound*, and the aid.ibaties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that ltfhalHiand trial, in the way tod manner direded by this id, and according to the forms pradifed in that part of the irngdom. -

XXL And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Officers and n all cafes where any officer or Teamen, employed in the fer-	..

'ice of the cuftoms and excife, (hall be killed, maimed, or ttkC of wounded, in (he due execution of his office as aforefaid, it the cuftoms hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s and to :uftoms-and excife refpeftively, to make fuch provifion for he officers and Teamen fo maimed and wounded, or for the ,sc* widows and families of fuch as (hall be killed, as they (hall be luthorifed and impowered to do, by warrant froth the lord ligh treaiurer, or commiffioners of his Majefty’s trcafury for he time being.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may Commiffion-

>e lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in «« of cuftoms England and Scotland relpcdtivcly, to reward every fuch officer	^1

•r officers of his Majefty’s navy, cuftoms, or excife or peace	offenders

ifticer, who (hall arreft or take any offender or offenders againft againft this his aft, with fuch fum or Turns of money, as to the faid com- *“• niflioners refpeftively (hall appear fitting and reafonable, out

if his Majefty’s (hare of the produce, a riling by the Tale pf any roods which have been, or may be feized and condemned.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority if fufpefted iforefaid. That in cafe any (hip or veflel, liable to feizure or vcfltls (hail examination by this or any other aft of parliament in force, i>°t br*®8 “1 (hall not bring to, on being required fo to do, or being chaced wmv cutter ay any cutter or other veflel in the fervice of his Majefty’s mtbefemce navy, having the proper pendant and enfign of his Majefty’s of the navy, (hips hoifted, or in the fervice of his Majefty’s revenue of the hav>°* tt,e cuftoms or excife, fuch cutter or other revenue veflel having a ^an^hmfted pendant and enfign hoifted with fuch marks thereon as are &c rfMW* now ufed and worn by veflels in the fervice of the revenues of mander may cuftoms and excife in a blue field ; it (hall and may be lawful 0m><* into •* or the captain or mafter, or other perfon having the charge or tbem» command of fuch cotter or other veflel. In the fervice of his

Majefty’s navy, cuftoms, or excife, to (hoot at or into fuch

hip or veflel which (hall not bring to, after fuch colours (half

dc fd hoifted as aforefaid, and a gun (hall have been fired by

fuch cutter or veflel as a fignal; and fuch captain or other

officer, and every perfon afting in his aid and afliftance, or by

Iris direftion, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified and difeharged a(Mj ;f be ^

rom any penalties or aftions for damages for fo doing: and profecutcd ui

n cafe any perfon or perfons fhall be wounded, maimed, or conf<que»ce ■

tilled, by or'by means of fuch firing, and the faid officer or

rffieers* or other perfon arming in Ms or their aid or afliftance, thall be ad.*”

or miucdtobail.

Digitized by vjjOOQIC

G7G

I.

VefTelt not in the fervice of the nary, or cuftoms or ex* cife, not to fcoift fuch pen* dant,on penalty of 5001.

From 0& 17S4.the nalriet and re-ftri&ion in an 8 Geo. 1, and in 19 Geo* j» c. 89, re* fating to certain boats, Arc. extended to other boats, 4c.

Matters of reillls arriving at any port. Sec. in this kingdom, or going outwards in ballad, (ball make a true report of their veflels, and anfnrer queftkms relative to the voyage. Sec. put to them by the proper officer) on penalty of 1001,

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGH III. C. 47*. [1784.

or by his or their direction, (hall be fyed> molefted, orproic* cuted, or (hall be brought before any of bis Majefty’s juilkes of the peace, or other juftices or perfons having competent authority, for or on account of fuch wounding, maiming, oi killing, as aforefaid ; all and every fuch juftice or juftices,pc-fon or perfons, is and are hereby authorized and unpowerd, enjoined and required, to admit every fuch officer aod officer?, perfon and perfons, fo brought before him or them as afore&k, to bail; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary nottitii* (landing.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any Brit(/b (hip or veflel, not being in th; fervice of his Majefty’s navy, or his Majefty’s revenue of tbs cuftoms or excife, (hall carry or hoift any fuch pendant or en* fign as is herein-before mentioned, the matter or perfon having the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel (hall forfeii the fum of five hundred pounds.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the fcveral claufes, penalties, forfeitures, and rettridtions in an made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King G&y the Firft, and in another aft made in the nineteenth, year oi his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the more effectual preventing ih pernicious practices of fmuggling% fo far as they relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, gallies, or other veflels, rowing or built to row with more than four or fix oars refpedtivcly, (hall extend to all boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, gallies, ad other veflels, which (hall exceed twenty-eight feet in length, from the forepart of the ftem to the afteriide of the ftempoit aloft, and the length of which (hall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; fob* jedl neverthclcfs to the feveral provifoes and exceptions in the faid recited adts particularly mentioned, and not altered by this adt.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of one thoufand feven hundred, and eighty-four, the matter of every (hip or veflel, arriving at any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, in ballaft, (hall, if called upon by the collector or comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuftoms, make a juft and true report of fuch (hip or veflel, both inwards and outwards, and anfwer upon oath to fuch queftions relative to the voyage and navigation of fuch (hip or veflel, as (hall be put to him by the colledlor, comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuftoms, at the port> harbour, or creek, where he (hall arrive, or from whence he (hall depart, tinder the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every negledt, omiffioo, or refufal fo to do 5 which oath the faid collector, or other proper Officer of the cuftoms, is and are hereby authorized and required

Digitized by *

784*]' Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. C. 47.	6yi

lircd to adminifter: provided always, that no matter, or other jrfon having the charge or command of any (hip or veffel in tllaft matting report as above required, (hall, in refpedf there-, be liable to the payment of any fees, other than fuch as ch (hip or veffel was fubjedt to p^y, previous to the patting this adh

XXVII; And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Wine import-orefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of Oftober, *<j|in any vcf-le thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any fort off*Actons" ine (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into b^then, (hall \y port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any lhip, veflel, be forfeited,*#

• boat, which (hall not exceed the burthen of fixty ton$, every alfo the vdfeL'

ich (hip, veflel, or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, ana

^parel, and alfo all fuch wine as (hall be imported or brought

herein, together with the calks and package containing the

ime, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profe-	-

ated by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and condemned

nd difpofed of as herein-after is diredted.

XXVIII. And whereas the majlers of/hips and vejfels trading rom feveral foreign parts in Europe to this kingdom, do frequently . ring great quantities of prohibited and other goods, which ore liable 7 high duties, for the purpofe of fmuggling fuch goods in this king-om, and if they are prevented, by the vigilance of the officers of the evenue, from landing fuch goods^ btfore they arrive at the port or lace of their difeharge, fuch majlers do then report the bales arid ackages of fuch goods, contents unknown, to be exported again% nd carried hack in the fame Jhip or vejfel^ to gain an opportunity of unning the fame on Jlore in this kingdom, or unjh'tpping them into mts and other vejfels for that purpo fe, in their pajfage outwards, to he great prejudice of the publick revenue and the fair merchants : md whereas goods are often found on board fach Jbips or vejfels, of vhich the maJUr hath not made any report; for remedy vyhereof, t is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, Goods report* rom and after the faid firft day of Oflober, one thoufand feven cd, contents lundred and eighty-four, where the matter of any (hip or vef- ^nay (^0^. el (hall report any bales, or other packages of any goods, con- ed/&c4 ents unknown, for exportation in the fame (hip or Veffel, it hall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms o open fuch bales and packages on board fuch (hip or veffel 0 reported, and examine 'the contents thereof, or to bring hem on (hore to his Majefty’s warehoufe at the cuftom-houfe ‘or the port where fuch report is made, if it (hall be neceffary, and fuch officer (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, and (hall not be liable to any adtion for fo doing; and in cafe it (hall an<l?f appear on fuch examination, that fuch bales or packages, the g^,a4con-contents of which (hall have been reported unknown as afore- tained therein, faid, (hall contain any goods which are prohibited to be im- they (hall be ported, or are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this forfeited, See. kingdom by any law then in force, all fuch goods, and the package thereof, (hall be forfeited ; and in cafe fuch goods (hall not be fo prohibited, fuch goods (hall be chargeable with

Digitized by

&ji	Araio	viccGmo quarto G£ORGlt III. 5.47. ■

the duties.due thereon, and (hail not be permitted to bt exported or delivered for that purpofe before the legal duticrir* regularly paid for the fame, without the particular km id dire&ioo of the coramiffiontrs of his Majefty’s cbftomi^dr am three or more of them, in Btfgland or Scotland refpe&ivety} ad all goods found on board any fhip or vefTel, of which art* port hath been made by the matter at aforefeid, flwii be fadeih cd, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary noCwitbftrodiog.

XXIX.	And whereas by an aft* made in the twentyjfir ft ynnf bh Alajtfly's reign* and ether fubfeguent afts of pdfliemmt mil feru* the (ffiiers of exiife are empower od to feize tea end jpt* removing without permits* and the veffels* boats* horfes, anittu tattle or carriages* ufed in the removing thereof tommy 0 A fmi afts s and it is expedient that bis Majejly's officers oftbeaftm Jbemld have the like power ; be it therefore further em&cd bj Ofljcertofcuf- the authority aforesaid, That any officer or officers of his M* tooM to bare jptty's cuftoms (ball have the like power to feize aad profaste the like power any tea or fpitituous liquors, removed or found removing cos-awlTkk^re- 10 diredions the fod recited a<ft or to any othci moving with- t^ noa in force, and tho vefMs* boats, horfes, and other ca* out permits, at tic and carriages employed in removing the fame, as h gutted the cfficers of by the (aid recked a6t, or any other a£t or adit in foroe, to any officer or officers of eacifc; any thing therein contain* tothe contrary not wirhftan ding.	.' 7 14

. XXa. And whereas all horfes, boats* cattle* or carfiagn*nak ufe of in the removing , carriage* or conveyance of other ghd^.tm trary to the proviftons and directions of arum other offs of petit-mm for preventing frauds in the revenue of cuftoms* hr /mb up respectively made and provided* are alfo liable to fbrfestm\.M porfes and carriages are fometimes of /mail value, and the exftm of keeping and maintaining fuch herpes from the time bp fetxmtd they can be condemned by the common coarfr of .proceeding* a dm more than they are worth* by which the officers an and*my kip outraged from mbking fteeb feiznres* to the prejudice ofthe ftiii revenue i for remedy whereof, be it further eita&ed bvtkm-thority aforefaid. That alt fetzures of horfes, can^ am> waggons, boats, and carriages whatsoever, for being ded in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of any goods,

Seizures of Wka, boats,

Jfcc* for re-

tomable^^* any other caufe of forfeiture, contrary to this or any other a& goods, &c. of parliament relating to or for preventing frauds in therm* Jball be deter- nue of the cuftoms, (hall and may be examined into, proceed-bmed bytwo t(j upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by and bdoreany |atices. |WO 0f his Majefty’s jufticei of the peace refidihgaearthepke where ftich feizure (hall be made, iirfuch manner, and by fadi and the like rules, as (he feizure of any horfes, cattle} wot-riages, liable to forfeiture for being ufed in. remevmg, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may hemeis-cd into, and proceeded upon, beard, adjudged, and determioed by any juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of any a& of parliament in force j and ftich judgment which (had tegiren m purfuance of this aft, are hereby declared to be taken mi ’*f *	a<H"J

,	Digitized	by	CjOOQlC

784*1 Anno vicefimo quarto GEoftoii 111. C. 47.

^judged good, valid, and effeftuil in the law, and final to all itents and purpofes whatfoever, and not liable to any appeal, r any unfit or writs of certiorari j any law, (btture, or uiage to he contraty notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Part of ad ac forefaid. That fo much of an ad of parliament, made in the 6*°* a-■verity-firft year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George ie third, or any other ad now in Force, which enads, That 11 tea, which Stall be feized and arrefted by any officer of the uftoms for any eatife of forfeiture, in any part of England* ominion of Wales^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed* or tritbin that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be fent nd depofited in fome warehoufe or warehoufes, to be appoint-d for that purpofe by the refpedive commiffioners of the tuf* oms in Ehgland or Scotland, within the city of London or E$in* ntrgb refpedivcly, in order to be there publickly fold^/hatf be, ind the fame is hereby repealed ; and that it (hall and may be awful for the faid refpedive commiffioners to caufe all fuels tea, fo feized and condemned according to law, to be fold pub* iickty to the bed bidder, at fuch places as they (hall think pro- ' per, in the fame manner a£ they might hare done, if the faid recited ad, or any other ad requiring fuch tea to be fent to London or Edinburgh for that purpofe, had not been made $ any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithfhmding,

XXXII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority iforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day Of Oftober* one Officers mafc-thoufand feven hundred and eightv-four, if any officer of his	f30*"

Majcfty’s navy, cuftoms, or excite, lhall make any collufive fcizure, or (hall deliver up, or (hall make any agreement to de- not £<e* liver up, or not to feize any (hip or veflel, or any goods liablfc any (hip or to forfeiture by this or any other ad of parliament, or (hall di- good*, or redly or indiredly take or receive any bribe,* gratuity, recoup-pence, or reward, for the negled or non-performance of his D duty, every fuch officer therein offending (hall, for each and fhall forfeit every offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and $00,‘ a?d ** rendered incapable of ferving his Majefty in any office or em- locaPaatttcd* pioyment, civil or military; and if any perfon or perfons what- and every per-foever (hall give, offer, or promife to give, any bribe, recom- fo® giving or pence, or reward to, or make any collufive agreement with, any officer of the navy, cuftoms, or excife, to do, conceal, or ** j# connive at, any ad whereby any of the provifions made by this or any other ad of parliament relative to his Majefty*s cuftoms or excife, may be evaded" or broken, every fuch per-fon or perfons fhall, for each and every fuch offence, (whether the fame offer, propofel, promife, or agreement, be accepted or performed or not), forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds. Veffeb and

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority by thL adw aforefaid, That the (hips, veflels, boat*, and goods, forfeited or by f9 Geow by this ad, or by the before-mentioned ad, made in the %. cap 69. nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, (hall and may may be iei&ed be feized by any officer or officers of the cufidms or excife;

and £xciftr# mi

Digitized by Google

3 Geo. 3* c. u.

Condemned veffels, if fit for his Mi-jefty’t fervice, may be fold to the officers appointed by the admiral*

«y» & c.

* ji

Recital of 13

6eo. 3. c. 70.

N All the regu* Jation* in the recited aft touching ?c-

Armo vicefimo quarto Georgii III; c. 47. [17^.

and the fame, and the feveral forfeitures and penalties heccia-before inflifted, (hall be, one moiety to his Mqefty, his hen and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety Jo any officer or ofictn of the cuftoms or excife who (hail fue and profecute for the fame; and lhall and may he fued for, profecuted, condemned, recovered, and applied,, (except otherwife direfted by this aft), in the manner direfted by an aft made in the third year of tie reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An ail for the father improvement of bis Majefty's revenue of cuftoms; and for tin cs-couragcment of officers, making feizures ; and for the preventers :j the clandejline running of goods into any part of bis Majefty's dfe-nions) \ and all fuch (hips, veflels, and boats, fhall, uponcra-demnation, be broken up or deftroyed, or ufed and difpoiedot in the fame manner, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame rules aod reftriftion.s, in all refpefts not altered by this aft, as (hips & velFels of the burthen of one hundred tons, or any leffirr burthen, are fubjeft and, liable to by law.

XXXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, in cafe any (hip or vefkl, liable to be broken up or dedroyed, (hall be ixcceflary and lit for the fervice of his Majefty in his royal navy, it (hall and may bo lawful for the commiflioaers of cuftoms or excife refpec-tively, if they think proper* to caufe fuch (hip or veffel, inrtead of being broken up or deftrbyed, to be fold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the com-miffioners of the admiralty, or commiflioners of the navy, (or that purpofe, and to direft one moiety of the produce of fuch fale, after the charges of condemnation and other charges arc dedufted, to be paid into the exchequer, to the ufe of liis Majefty, and the other moiety to the officer who fued and.profccut-ed for the fame.

XXXV.	And whereas, by an ail made and pajfed in the maty third year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, (intituledf, An aft for the morfc effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign fpirits, and for putting a flop tq.the private diftillation of Bn-tijb made fpirituous liquors; for explaining fuch part of the aft, impoftng a duty upon male fervants, as relates to the right of appeal from the juftices of the peace; to amend and reftifya miftake in an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, with refpeft to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious aftions againftofi-cers of excife afting in purfoance of the authority given byes-cife ftatutes,) divers regulations are made for the more effefind inventing vexatious fuits againft the officers of excife, and thir tf fJlantSy afting under the authorities and powers to them given h the feveral Jlatutes made for fecuring the duties of excife and island duties; which regulations ought to be extended to officers tj the cuftoms, and their affiftantSy afting under the authorities &xi powers to them given by the feveral Jlatutes made for feiurini the duties of the cuftoms; be it enafted. That all and every claufe, matter, and regulation, in the faid aft contained, touching and concerning any aftion to be brought againft

ary

784O Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii IIL C. 47.

ly officer or officer^ of the excife, or againft any perfon tionttobe perfons ailing by his or their order* and in his or their brought d, for any thing done in the execution of, or bv rca- againft excife n of his or their office, or any proceeding thereupon, mall be (tended to all actions to be brought againft any officer or 0ffi- extended to rs of the cuftpms, or againft any perfon or perfons aAing by officers of tho s or their order, and in his or their aid, for any thing done cudoras, &c* the execution of or by reafon pf their office, and to all pro-edings in every fuch action, in as full and ample manner as the officers of the cuftoms had been named and included in le faid adt.

XXXVI.	And whereas, upon feizures made by officers of the floms and ex rife, which are returned into the court of exchequer,

-Qtcndlefi and vexatious claims are frequently entered in fiftttious

imes by perfons who have not any property in the goods, whereby

)e publick revenue and the officers making fuch feizures are put to

reat expence in the profecution and condemnation thereof \ for remedy

/hereof, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, prom f,

om and after the firft day of Qftober, one thoufand feven hun- 17*4, no claim

red and eighty-four, no claim fhall be permitted to be entered t0 bqeotered

> any (hip, veflel, or goods, feized for any caufe of forfeiture*

nd returned into his Majefty’s courts of exchequer in England cd, and re-* *

>r Scotland refpedtively, unlefs fudi claim is entered in the turned into rue and real name or names of the owner or owners, or pro- the exebe-irietor or proprietors of the fhip, veflel, or goods fo claimed, eferibingthe place of the refldence, and the buflnefs or pro- names of the tfiion of fuch perfon or perfons; and if fuch perfon or perfons owners or hall refide at London or Edinburgh, or within the liberties proprietors hereof, oath Chall be made before one of the barons of the faid ourts of exchequer refpedtively, that the (hip, veflel, or goods ^ade by the 0 claimed, was really and truly the property of him, her, or owners before hem, at the time of fuch feizure; but if fuch perfon or perfons a barrrni of the hall not be refident in London or Edinburgh, or the liberties exchequer, hereof, then, and in fuch cafe, oath (hall be made, in like or by the ^ nanner, by the agent or attorney, or folicitor by whom fuch °ar$ t0o’ :laim (hall be entered, that he has full and legal authority and the property iirections from fuch owner or proprietor to enter fuch claim, thereof, ind that, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, fuch (hip,

/eflel, or goods were, at the time of the feizure thereof, bona Hde, and truly, the real property of the perfon or perfons in	1

whofe name or names fuch claim is entered $ which oath (hall be refpedlively indorfed and certified on the back of the indenture of appraifement upon which fuch claim Jhall be entered ; and on failure thereof, the (hip, veflel, or goods, (hall be ab-folutely condemned, and judgment (hall be entered thereon by default, according to the ufual method of proceedings of the court, in the fame manner as if no claim had been entered thereto; and every perfon or perfons who (hall be convidted of penalty cm making or taking a falfe oath to any of the fadts herein-before taking a falft dirdted or required to be fworn, fhall be deemed guilty of per- oalh* c	jury*

Digitized by Google

^	Anno	Tlccfimo quarto Gborch til. 0.47. (17(4.

jury, and fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjure.

XXXVII.	And whereas by an ail, made in tie tbb^yearefk Recital of j Majefiy's reign, (intituled, An a ft for the further improvemw Geo. $. c. u, of his Majeft/s revenue of ctrftoms; end for the eucoun^ meat of officers making feizures; and for the proremkn of & clandeftine running of goods into any part of his Majefty'sdt minions*) it is, amongft other things, enabled, That every perk upon entry of any claim m the court where any fAzure JbeUktp fecuted, /ball be obliged to give feeurity in the penalty offixttpmh to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by fuch claim : and wberm tk penalty of fixty pounds, in many cafes, is net fufficient to axfwtnb aofts occafioned by fuch claim, and the perfons who enter into nop ranees as the fecuritiet for fitch cojls, are very often hired firth purpofe, and are not of Juylance or ability to anjwer aud fad eefts for which they are feeurity, and frequently abfeoni and enu to be found, fo that no part of the cofis can be recovered from thm to the diminution of the publici revenue, and to the great left etU if couragement of officers making fuch feizures; for remedy whereat Prom Oft. if it is further enafted by the authority aforefeid, That, from tot 1714, every after the firft day of Oflobcr, one thoufond feven hundred ta eighty-four, upon the entry of any claim to any (hip, boat, 01 goodVfeiaed other veflel, or to any goods feized, for any caufe of forfeitorr gf refident in the perfon or perfons who (hall enter the claim as theowoer< Great Britain, or proprietors thereof (in cafe fuch claimant (hall refidc in tfo itadl be bound) kingdom of Great Britain,) fhall be bound, with two od*f ties, iiTa pc-" fufficient fecurities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, w nalty of tool* anfwer and pay the cods occafioned by fuch claim; and if kh to pay cofts; owner or proprietor (hall not refide in Great Britain, then, »i but, if not rc- in fuch cafe, the attorney or folicitor, by whofc dirctSfoms faefa ftaUbe c*aiin ^ cntcrc<*> fhall, in like manner, be bound with ^	two other fufficient fecurities	in the like penalty, to anfwer and

manner.	pay the cofts occafioned by	fuch claim 1 any law, cute®, or

ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the awhorityaforc* Penalties and faid. That one moiety of the feveral penalties and forfeitures in forfeitures this aft mentioned (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs cortnAn^m anc* ^uccc^orss an^ other moiety (hall be to the ufc of to ^plied*	perfon and perfons as (hall	inform, profecure, or fue for tiw

fame, (except in fuch cafes where any other appropriation 01 diftribution of the faid penalties is made by this aft, or by ani other aft or afts;) and that all the fame penalties and forfutures (hall and may be profecutcd and fu*d for, and the caufe and controverfies arifing thereupon tried, heard, and dew-mined, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefhmtfr or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, refpeftively, (acq* where any provifion is made to the contrary by this or in? other law or ftatute now in force,) wherein no efloin, prow-tion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fluB bellowed.

XXXIX.	AM

Digitized by Google

JI784J . Aito# tficJefimo Quarto Gbohoi! IN. e. 47.'	677

; XXXtX. h is hdreby further erta&td by the authority limitation of iforefaid, That if any £ftion or Am (hall be brought or com- action*, noticed againft any perfon or per tons, for a*f matter or rhing by him orthem done or executed by virtue or or in purfuance wf this sd, fuch adion or fait (hall be eommienced within three months next'tfter the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in thoproper county; and the defendant or defendants in fuch ac-horror fait (hall and may plead thegeberai iflue, and give this ad Genera! iffue< wd the fpeciat matter in evidence at any trial to be had theta-on* and that the fame was done in purfuance of, and by tuthority of this ad; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfoited, or difeominue his, her, or their adion or prosecution, or judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then luch defendant or defendant (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them, againft Treble cofts* facb plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL. And whereas many perfons,r having incurred heavy penalties by reafbn ofoffences commuted againft the laws for colliding end fnuring the revenue of cuftoms and excife, are deterred front renouncingit heir evil ceurfos, through fear of being difcovered by fome of them ajjkiates, and thereby fubjeBed to profecution; and other per-ftns are confined in prijon for penalties and fines Jet upon them in# eenfoquence of their having been conviffed of jucb offences, which they Ore unable to pay; and manys to avoid Jucb penalties and forfei- 1 uertSy have withdrawn themjelves into foreign parts> and proeefs of outlawry may have ijjued againft fome of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to ptrfons under the n0 profecd-ef refold cireumftances \ he it therefore enaded, That no profe- tiontobe cution by bill, plaint, information, or adion of debt, (hall be commenced commenced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, incurred by J1°ran^j:tu" reafon of any offence committed by any perfon or perfons "n^^cdb/ againft any of the provifions of any ad or ads for cblleding offences a-, and fecuring the duties under the management of the commif- gainit the (toners of the cuftoms or excife, committed before the twenty- cuft»ITj*or fourthday of Junef one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- committed^ (bur, but that the (aid penalties and forfeitures (hall be wholly before June pardoned and releafed.	\	*4^1784*

XDI. And be it furrher enaded, That as to ail penalties or His Majefty’s fines now due on any former convidion, upon any of the ads 0,are?f al1 afone&id, or which may become due in cenfequence of profe- f”r^cru*on-attitms now carrying on, the fame (hall be pardoned and dif visions, dif-charged, fo far as regards the (hare or intereft of fuch'penalty charged, orftntfgiveitto his Majefty; and that all perfons againft whom Perfohsout-soyproeefs of outlawry hath been fued out for the majterslawed qfoseiaid, may be 3t liberty to apply, by motion, to the court a^!^rtcourt tout of'which feck procefs iffued/to let afide or reverfe the tojiavethe

fans.	procefs re verf-

XlrlL And be it farther enaded, That if any perfon or per- *1. fons who (hall claim the benefit of this ad, (hall, alter fuch If any perfon, claim,' bring, or commence, or caufe to be brought or com- after c a'inm?

Voi, XXXIV,

Z z

menccd,

the benefit ot

Digitized by

Gc >gle

67ft

this a&, Hull bring an action again ft any officer of the navy, See. for any thing done on occa-fion of the offences intended to be releafed by* tbit ad, fuch officer may plead the general Mue,and recover cofts of fuit.

Noe to extend to offences for which the of fender is liable to corporal punifhment.

Other matters to which this ad (hail not extend.

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III* C. 47. [1784:

menced, any aftion, plaint* information, or other profeoudoa whatfoever, againft any officer of hia Majefty’s navy, or in the fervtce of the cuftoms or excife, or other perfon who (hall haw aided or affifted any fuch officer, for or concerning any id, matter, or thing, done or committed by them, or any of then, on occafion of, or for or by reafon or means of any of the of* fence*, frauds, mifdemeanors, or other matters or dung* intended to be releafed and difeharged by this aft, fach diimis and (hall be deemed to be an absolute difeharge and teleaft t» fuch officer or other perfon of and from all am every fuch actions, fuits, and profccutions; and fuch officer and other perfon may plead the general ifliie, and give the fecial matter • evidence $ and the laid officer or other perfon (hall recover hit cods of fuit againft the perfon or perfons fo bringing or commencing fuch aftion or profecution.

XLIII. Provided always, and be itenafted, Thatnothiag in this aft contained (hail extend, or be conftrtied to extend, a difeharge or releafe any indiftmenr, outlawry, or other proctfc, for or by reafon of any felony, or other indiftable offence 1-gainft the laws for the proteftion of the revenue of theculiomt or exdfe, or of the officers employed therein, for which the offender is liable to corporal punifhment, and not to a pecuniary penalty only.

XLIV. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difeharge or releale any feizure of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, ot of (hips, vefiels, or boats, or other thing whatfoever, or any profecution now depending for the forfeiture of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (nips, vefiels, boats, or other thing, under any aft or afts of parliament now in force; nor to acquit, releafe, or difeharge, any judgment or judgments uhen the monies, or other things recovered, have .been aduailylon-ed or taken in execution before the-making of ehis aft) norm acquit, releafe, or difeharge, any information which has ben already entered againft any perfon or perfons for the ncosery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offoce committed by him or them agakift any law now in force made for the fccunty of the revenue of cuftoms and excife, ot soy vendift or verdifts obtained, or judgment or judgments recorded thereon, in refpeft to fuch part thereof as belongs to, or b» been ufoally allowed and paid to the officer of his Majtfty'i navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife, (at whole in-fiance the profecution is or was carried on,) according to th« mode in which fuch fuit or fuits hath or have been commenced and carried on; but fuch information, verdift ot vend ids, or judgment or judgments, (hall and may be proceeded upon in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, as originally enretd and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon fuch information, verdift or verdifts, or'judgment or judgments, for the recovery, in due courfe of law, of fuch pvt of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has beta

ufmllv

Digitized by

Google

i7#4*] Anno vlcttfirnoqyarto Georgii III. c. 47,	639

ifually allowed and paid to fuch officer of his Majefty’s navy,

>r in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife, (at whofe inftance :he profecution is or was carried on,) according to. the mode in which fuch fait or fails hath or have been carried on.

XLV. Provided allb, That this ad, or any thing herein'This ad not rontaihed, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ac-t0'xten^t0. |uit, releafe, or dilcbarge, any perfon or perfons whatfoever	■

rom the payment of all cuftoms, duties, and /urns of money, {„ the lawful lue and owing to his Majefty from fuch perfon or perfons, for importation >r upon the lawful importation or entry of any goods, wares, ®f mercban->r merchandizes; nor to any debts or turns of money due to dlze* lit Majefty from any perfon or perfons upon any bond, obli-;atioa, or other contrad or agreement whatfoever, touching or bonds heraW oncerning the lawful importing or landing any goods, ware?, mentioned j >r merchandizes, or the cuftoms or other duties due and pay-:ble for the fame; nor to any bonds given or entered into for he exportation of any goods from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to prevent the relanding of the fame in this king-lorn ; nor to any bonds given for landing any goods coaftwife within this kingdom} nor to any bonds or obligations given by my officer or officers of his Maiefty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife, to his Majefty, or any of his predeceflors, or to any other perfon or perfons for the ufe of, or in truft for his laid Majefty, or his predeceflors; nor to any debts, dues, nor to debts or demands, due or owing to his fsid Majefty, for or in re- relative to dp. fped of any Aim or fums of ihoney by him, or any of his royal b?nture‘« predeceflors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any fuch debenture or :ertificate was wrongfully -or fraudulently obtained, or where the fame debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatfoever; nor to any other debts, dues, or demands, for or in refped of the cuftoms, excife, and other duties chargeable on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, concerning which tlyere is any adion, information, fuit, or profecution now depending in any of his Majefty’s courts at IVtJlminfltr, or elfewhere.

XI*VI. Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad contained Not to exrsnd (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to acquit, releafe, pr lifeharge, any commander, captain, or other officer employed ^m^J, u in the fervice of the Eafl India company, or to any tradefman, fervfce, manufadurer, or Ihopkeeper, having a known refidence in this ' kingdom, from any penalty or forfeiture which he .fnay be iable-to by virtue of any law how in force for any offenee committed in the courfe of the trade or manufadure in which |se s concerned, contrary tQ any ad or ads of parliament made for iecurity of the revenue of cuftoms or excife.

XLVII. Provided alfo. That all perfons who have com-wunded with, or agreed or offered to pay, any fum of money u >y way of compofition or charges to his Majefty, or to the lords good, or the ommiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or to the commiffion- I*rt*e* **-?s of the cuftoms or excife for the titpe being, W U»* Majefty’s

ZZ2	fehalf,tW,,ft.

Digitized by Google

f8o

This aft may be pleaded in difeharge of any thin* pardoned thereby.

Perfons taking benefit of this aft, who have commenced any aftions a-gainft: officers of the navv, &c. . Ihall releafe fuch aftions, and ftay all proceedings thereon.

Anno vicefimo, quarto GeoRGii III. c. 4?. X17^4*

behalf, for or in refpeft of any of the above mentioned offences* or fot* the forfeitures or penalties arifiog thereby, (htrtl'mikfe good fuch cotnpofitions, agreements, ana offers, as have* tteeh by them refpefttvefy made-, or in default thereof, eH and cV«y fuch perfons fhaH be excluded and deprived of and from all benefit and advantage of this aft.	—

XLVIII. And belt further enafted,That any perfbn Or perfons may plead tbis aft for h is or their difeharge ofbrHforimj thing that is by virtue of this aft pardoned* difthahgiJL'or granted; or (ball and may apply for fuch difeharge in a ftafrmarv way, by motion, to the court of exchequer; which roar* Than make fuch order touching the Raying or difeharge of atay foch fuit, or of any perfon hnprifoned by reafon thereof, as to the laid Court (hall feem meet.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall take, receive, or be inthlcd to any benefit or advantage by virtue of this prefent aft of indemnity, either by phsrtfvtlg or infifttng on the fame in any court of jiiftice, or oefotie iny of the barons of the court of exchequer, in a fummary way;‘ or otherwife, and who hath or fhall (before, he, (be, or they mall claim the benefit of this prefent aft) have brought, commenced, or pfofecuted any aftton, plaint, or information, iridift-ment, or other profecution whatfoever, againft any offic^f of his Majefty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or agatnft any perfon or perfons who fhall or may have been aiding or affifting to any foch officer, for or concerning any matter, caufe, or thing, done or committed bjr foch officer, or by any perfon or perfons aiding or affifiing him, on occaffiod or for or by reafon or means of any of the offerieesi vtefpaf-fes, frauds, mtfdemeanors, or other matters or tniHes by this aft intended to be releafed and difcharged, fhifl, wore fuch time as h», Ihc, or they (hall be admitted to makhfoch plea as aforefaid, or to take any benefit or advantage tsFtftis aft, abfolutely releafe and difeharge foch aftiort of afti6hs* difeontinue and caufe to be ftard all proceedings in aM antf every foch informations; indiftmcntSj and other profecut5on and pro-fecutions, brougiit or commenced as aforefaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An oR for better Ji curing the duties on far eh an i Jiaju

Preamble;

Aft 10 Anne,

c. %6.

HE RE AS the fraudulent praRice of mating flarcb h jm entered plates, without paying the duties impofed tbe+ea by law, has very much imrenfed of late% to the great Ufs of tie re* venue, and to the injury of the fair traders: and'whereas by (Ok eft made in the tenth year of the reign of our late fovereirn £$ufen Anne. among ft other things, for laying new duties on forth, aft maters. 9} Jiarch in Great Britain are required to give notice in tVritbg, at the office for the duties on Jiarch next to the place where f

Digitized by

Google

%|

I

784.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georg ii III. c. 48.	68*

}arch Jball be made, of their refpeftive nanus and plans of abode,

nd of every workboufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other plate by them

fed tn and for the making,, drying, and keeping of forth, or of

'our, meal, or other materials proper to be made into forth ^ wt*

er a penalty of fifty pounds: and whereas by an aft made in ,9g«o. 3. c.

he nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better 40.	*

curing the duties on ft arch, every maker of ftarch is required to

diver to the officer who* furveys his ftarcb-boufe, an account in

writing, containing as well an exaft defeription of every room and

late by him made ufe of for the making, drying, or keeping of (larch,

s dlfo of every vejfel or utenfil ufed by him for the making of (larch,

fore he prefumes to. ufe the fame, under a penalty of fifty pounds:

nd whereas the faid penalties have been found ineffectual, and not

Iffidtnt to prevent the fraudulent and fecret making of Jlarch, by

ll-difpofed per Jans in obfeure places, without paying the duties for

be fame: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s

noft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and oonfent of

he lords .fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Prom Sept.

rom and after the twentieth day of September, one thoufand ^rchmaker

even hundred and eighty-four, no maker of ftarch, within to eredt, alter,

!treat Britain (hall ere&, fet up, alter, change, enlarge, or make or ufe, any

ufe of, any workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place, for the ‘workhoufe,

naking, drying, or keeping of ftarch, or for the keeping any *^c# o^kee -

lour, or meal, or other materials proper to be made into ftarch, •„! of ftarch, .

>r ufc any fat, trough, kiln, ftove, box, utenfil, or other vef- or the mate-

cl, for the making of ftarch, without firft giving notice in writ- rial* thereof,

ng thereof, and of bis or her refpe&ive name or place of

ibode, qr unleft fuch notice thereof (hall have been before given out giving

n writing at the office for the (aid duties oa ftarch next to the proper notice

)lacc where fuch ftarch. (hall be made; and if any maker of to the next

larch within Great Britain (hall ere<ft fet up, alter, enlarge, or office;

nake ufe of, any workboufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place,

or the making, drying, or keeping of ftarch, or for the keep-

ng any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into

larch, or (hall ufe any fat, trough, kiln, ftove, box, utenfil, or

>ther veffcl, for the makingof ftarch, without giving fuch notice

hereof, and of his or her. name and place of abode as afore-

:aid, or without delivering to the officer who Airveys his or her

[tarch-houfe, an account in writing, containing as well an

:xzA defeription of each and every room and-place by him or

her made ufe of for the making, drying, or keeping of ftarch,

is alfo of each and every veffel or utenfil by him or her made

ufe of for the making of ftarch5 then, and in every fuch cafe, on penally ot

the offender therein, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the *°°l*

Turn of two hundred pounds.

II. And, in order to deter perfansfrom affifling the proprietors of Private and unentered Jlarch-houfes in carrying on their fraudulent iraftices, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thar, Prom|«pt* rom a nd after the faid twentieth day of September, one thou- fons^ffitting^ and fe\en hundred and eighty-four, when any officer or offi- in making

z Z	r*	cer$	ftarch in un-

Digitized by vj • K?lC

Officers may hrreft iuch pertont, and tonvey them before a juf-tice, dcc.

Antio vicCfitno quarto Georgii III. c. 48.	[^U»

entered cers o£ excite (hall difcover that the making of (larch is carried houtts, to	on in any private worldioufe*, room, or place, whereof no fuch

tortcit jol.	Wtice as aforefaid has been given at the next office for the

duties on (larch, and (hall at the fame time difcover in the work-houfe, ftorchoufc, room, or place, where fuch private making of (larch (hall be fo difeovered, any perfon or perfons knowingly affifting, or any ways concerned in carrying on fuch private making of (larch, every fuch perfon or perluns fo difeovered ft ail forfeit and lofe the fum of thirty pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker of fuch (larch (hall be liable to; and it (hall be lawful for the officer and officers of excite, and all other perfons ailing in their aid, to (lop, arreft, and detain, all and every the perfon and perfons fo difeovered in.fuch workhoufe, ftorenoufe, room, or place, and to convey the (aid perfon or perfons before one or more juflice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpeCtively, wherein fuch perfons (hall be fo difeovered as aforefaid; and It (ball be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace refoeCllvely, on confelfion of the party, or on proof by the oath 01 one or more credible witnefsor witnef* fes, to convidt the perfon or perfons fo difeovered as aforefaid; and the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed (hall, immediately 00 fuch conviction, pay the faid fum of thirty pounds into the hands of the officer who (hall have conveyed fuch offender before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, to be applied in manner hercin-after dire died ; and on fuch offender or offenders refuting or neglefting to pay the faid fum of thirty, pounds, the juftice or juftices fo conviCling as aforefaid (hall, by warrantor warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and teals, commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correflion for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpc&ivety, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months, to be reckoned from the day of fuch convi&ion, and the perfon or perfons fo committed (hall not be difehargd until he, (he, or they (hall have paid the faid tom of thirty Penalty on a pounds, or until the expiration of the faid fix months; and in fecond offence. cafe the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall be again difeovered in any workhoufe, "ftorehoufe, room, or place, where the making of (larch (hall be fo privately carried on, affifting, or otherwife concerned in scarrying on fuch private making of (larch, he, (he, or they, fo again offending, (hall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for fuch fecond offence* the fum of fixty pounds, and (hall be committed to the houfe of correftion - in manner aforefaid, there to remain for and during, the term of one year, or until the. faid fum of fixty pounds (hall be paid. Prom Sept, 20, IM- dndy for the further preventing the daniefline mchta if 1784, the Jlarch% be it alfo enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That, from name of every and after the faid twentieth day of September, one thoufand fc-to be painted vcn hundred anc* eighty-four, every perfon who (hall make over the door, ^ar.c^ within Great Britain (hall caufe to be painted, in large ©r on the legible letters of at lead three inches in length, over the outwanJ

n t	d°°ri

f ♦

If offender refufe to pay the penalty, he may be committed.

1784*] Anno vicpfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48s	63?

door, or in fome confpicuous part of the front of his or her ftarch- front of bit houfe, the chriftian and furname of fuch ftarch-maker, with the jferch-boufc, addition of the word Starch-maker; and if any perfon fhall make &c' ftarch within Great Britain without having nis or her chriftian and furname, with the addition of the word Starch-maker fo as aforefaid painted over the outward door, or in feme confpicuous part of the front of his or her ftarch-houfe, he or fhe fo offend- on penalty of ing (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.	,0°h

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the faid twentieth day of September^ one From Sept. 10, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, when any ftarch, ex- *7*4* n0 ceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, (hall be jn^,s poamit removed or carried by land or by water, the word Starch (hall foall be re-be painted or marked in legible letters, of at lead three inches moved, unlefs in length, on every cheft, calk, fack, or other package wherein *he wo,[d fuch ftarch (hall be contained j and any ftarch, exceeding the ^bly 1marked quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, which (hall be found ©n the pack-removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by land or by age; water, in any cheft, calk, fack, or other package, not having the word Starch fo painted or marked thereon, after the faid twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hall be forfeited, together with the cheft, calk, on penalty of fack, or other package containing the fame, and the boat or yeflel, horfes or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other carriage, the^ttleand made ufe of in removing or carrying the fame;	carriages, &c«

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twentieth day of September, one Dealers re-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any dealer in, or ceiving more feller of ftarch, (hall at anytime knowingly receive into hi**^0^* cuftody any quantity of ftarch, exceeding twenty-eight pounds Jardi not weight, not having the word Starch fo as aforeuid painted or marked at marked on the cheft, calk, fack, or other package containing aforefeid, for-the fame, he or-(he fo offending (hail forfeit the fum of two/cila9°h hundred pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twentieth day of September, one Starch-mak-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker of ftarch ersohftrua-(hall obftrud or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon ftarch in the execution of any of the powers and authorities 1 C1 ,0Q . given to him or them by this or any other a£t for the afeertam-inj or fecuring the duties upon ftarch, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And whereas, notwithfanding the laws now in farce for fe-curing the dutier on foapy many frauds are ftill frequently prafiiftdy to the great lofs of the revenue and to the injury of the fair trader, and fome better regulations in the manner of carrying on the foap-making buftnefs are fill wanting; for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twen- FromSepM*, tieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-* officer* . four, all and cvqry the officers of excifc fhall at all times* by

ZZ4	v	dayentciU*

Digitized by >ogIe

684	Anno vicefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 4*.	[1784*	,

houfe, boil- day or by night, and without waiting for the prtfcncc of a con* • ing houte,&c. ftable or peace officer, be permitted, tfpon his or thdr reqocft, t or ^ny fuap- to cnjer jnto the houfe, boiling-houfe, warehoufe, or other ; take^an ac- place whatfoever, belonging to or ufed by any maker or makers * c' ui>t of ibe of any foap whatfoever, and, by gauging or weighing of the leap 1 rude, foap, or otherwife, as to fuch officer (hall feem moil proper and ami alto ot the convenient, to take an account of the juft quantity of the foap making 1 here* w*lic^ (hall have been made by fuch maker or makers of (bap pf. S from time to time; and alfo to take an account of all materials for the making of foap, in the pofleffion or cuftody of fuch maker or makers of foap; ami all and every the officers of excite (halt be permitted to ftay and remain in fuch houfe, boiling-houfe, warehoufe, or other place, belonging to or ufed by fufch maker or makers of foap, or in any of focb places, fo long as fuchofB* cer or officers lhall think fit.

VIII.	And* for the better preventing the frauds frequently cam* v mitted by divers makers $ffoap, be it further enaded by the at*-From Sept. 20, thorny a/orefaid, That, from and after the faid twentierh day 1784,00 foap- cf September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, co *n keonvenVC ma^er f°*P have or ^ceP any P*PC ** conveyance anceTo o/" ^r001 or t0 anY copper or pan made ufe of m the boiling or mak* from any cop- mg of foap, lave and except one moveable pump for taking out per or pan, fait or fpent lees, which pump (hall be taken out of fuch copper moveable* or Pan before toPPer or pan (hall be locked down by the pump) officer; and that no maker of foap (hall have any cock or pcf-*or any cock Nation or hole in the fide or curb, or bottom or cover of his or hole in the or her boiler or copper, nor fhall have any part of the curb fide or curb, moveable, nor (hall ufe any fyphon, crane, or trinket, but (h*H ~c u * take out all lees* foap, or other ingredients, contained in the faid copper or boiler, by a pump, or by a ladle only ; on patn that any maker of foap, having or keeping any pipe or other conveyance from or to any copper or pan made ufe of in the boiling or making of foap, fave and except fuch pmtip as ak*4-faid, or having any cock or perforation or hole hi the fideor ct.rb, br bottom or cover of his or her boiler t* copper, or ha*i g any part of the curb moveable, or ufing any fyphon, crane, or on penalty of trinket, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum 500!.	of five hundred pounds : provided always, That it lhall be hw^

Piovifo. ful for every maker of foap to have, in the cover of his 6r her copper or boiler, fmall holes, not exceeding one eighth bf an inch in diameter, for the (team to efcape through the fame.

IX.	* And be it further enadted by the {authority aforefeiri, FromSept.ap, That, from and after the faid twentieth day of Sepfrfokrry onfe 1784, the co, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, thecovts iwid furnace nace doorr” **oor an<*	door of cvety copper, pan, or othfck uteiffll

&c to be kept ufed by any maker of hxrd foap for the boiling or thkkmgdf locked by the foap, mall, andthey >a*e hWfcby teqtuVfed to be fecurfclylocked, officer, except faftened, and fealed down* by the btfteet dr officers of Recife '&c*°	y01*’ who furvey fuch trader, fetfcll times, except when foch copper,

pan, or other utenfils, (hall be at work, or (hall be opened for repairing the fame, or for the infpc&iorvof w officer or officers *	of

etc. or ms boiler, nor ufe any fy-phon,

Digitized by Google

784.] Anno vlcefimo quarto Georgii III. C.48.	685

>f cxctfe; and proper locks and keys, and all other neceffary Locks and artenings* for fccuring and fealing the faid covers and furnace keys tp be md afit-hdc doors of every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, R[°7urvebo hall be provided by the refpe&ive furveyors and fupervifors of &<?. a/the ea-rxctfe of the refpe&ive diftri&s or divifions in which fuch mak- pence of the rrs of foap (hall refpetfively refide, at the expence of the re* makers, petfiive makers in each divilion or diftridt; and whenever foch maker of foap (hall be defirous of opening fuch copper,' pan, or n her utenfil, or the fomace ora(h-hole door thereof, and (hall lave:given to the officer of excife of thediviflon of dtftridt, welve hours notice thereof, if fuch maker of foap (hall refide within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or wenty-four hours notice thereof, if fuch maker of fottp fhall efide in any other part of Great Britain, then the officer of ex-rife (hall attend to open fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, or :he furnace or a(h-hole door thereof; and if, by any means, Any perfon art, device, or contrivance whatfoever, any perfon fhalFopen clan<!cft,ne,F iny fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, or the furnace or afh- copperf &c* bole ddor thereof, after the fame (hall have been locked and 0r damaging Gfecured as aforefaid, before the fame (hall have been unlocked fuch Yaften-md openbd by the officer of excife, or (hall wilfully damage or	f°r-

burfc any fuch lock or other fattening, every fuch perfon (hall,tei 100 * fot every fuch offence refpedlively, forfeit and loft the fum of one hundred pounds.

X-* And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the faid twentieth day of September, one Soap-makert houfand (even hundred and eighty-four, if any maker or mak- uWtru6tiog rrt of foap (hall obftrud or hinder any officer of excife in the fcitC^J° execution of the powers or authorities given to him or them by :his or any other a<ft for the afeertaining or fecuring the duties upon foap, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for svery fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the ftim of fifty pounds.

XI.	And, fbr the better preventing the elandefiine making of foap, From Sept, so, without payment of the duties for the fame; be it further enacted »7*4» officer* by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twen- count,asoften tieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- a# they think four, it (hall be lawful for any officer or officers of excife to fit, of all ma-:ake an account from time to time, as often as he or they (hall terials for think-fit, by gauging, weighing, or orherwife,-as to him or ^the maker's Jicni (hall fetm moft^proper and convenient, of all tallow, Oil, pofleffion. rofin, and greafe of every kind, and of all materials for making soap-maker oap, which any maker of foap (hall at anytime htfve in hispof- to provide effion ; ind futh maker of foap (hall provide proper feales and fcafes* heights, ahd affift the officer in weighing and taking futh ac-courts on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds: and in cafe fuch weighing, 6c. officer (hall find anydecreale of any fuch materials for making on penalty roand <h*H not receive a fetisfaAory account thereof, fufcho(*t>l« r>f!icbr (halbcharge fuch maker of foap with duties for fuch de- Dufies tohe^ rrcafe, according to the rates and 1 proportions following; “ tb ro fay.

t,m decrlafeof the following materials.

For

Digitized by i^ooQle

686	Anno	vicefimo	quarto	Georgii IIL C* 48. [178

Oils	For	every	fourteen	hundred	weight,	or two hundredand a

gallons of oil, fo miffing, fuch officer (hall charge any maker 1 hard (b^p with the duties on twenty hundred weight of hsj foap:

Rendered	For. every thirteen hundred weight of rendered tallow	\

tallow;	miffing, (uch officer (hall charge any maker of hard Ibap

the duties on twenty hundred weight of fuch bap:

Kitchen ftuff For every thirteen hundred weight and two quarters ; and tallow:	kitchen fluff and tallow fo miffing, fuch officer (hall charge ad

maker of hard foap with the duties on twenty hundred weg^ of fuch foap:

Tallow rofin, For cvcry fourteen hundred weight of tallow, rofin, and 0] &c.	1	* fo miffing, fuch officer (hall charge any maker of yellow, brow

or rofin foap, with the duties on twenty hundred weight; fiich foap.	-

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaij

Soap-makers That every maker and makers of foap, before he, me, or th:| to give proper (hall charge his, her, or their copper or boiler with any matt officer before	ma^n8 °f fo*Pt fhall give t0 the officer of the divifecj

theyCcharge ?r P^cc where fuch (bap is intended to be made, notice in writ their copper, ing of the particular time and hour when fuch maker of foap in

tends to charge his or their copper or boiler, as herein-after i What (hall be mentioned; (that is to fay), If fuch foap is intended to be mad deemed pro* at any place within the limits of the bead office of excife in La* per notice. <&#, then fuch notice (hall be by the fpacc of twelve hours nexi before the time of charging fuch copper or boiler ; and if Aici foap is intended to be made at aoy other place, out of the iimio aforefaid, then fych notice (hall be by the fpace of twenty-four hours next before the time of charging fuch copper or boiler; On faiture of pn pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of one hundred pound* giving fuch at every time when any makef of foap (hall begin to charge his notice, to for- or ber copper or boiler witliout firft giving fuch ^otiqe as afore-tit tool. occ. an(j fuc|a ma^er 0f foap fhan not begin to charge his or her copper or boiler within the fpace of three hours next after the particular time or hour mentioned in fuch notice, then fuch notice (hall be vpid; and every maker of foap who, after the expiration of the faid time, (hall begin to charge his or her copper or boiler, without haying firft given a hew or other Lie notice as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds,	,	.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, 8o*pmaker to That every maker of (bap (hall, before charging his or her cop-weigh, in pre- per or boiler with any materials for making of foap, weigh, in fence of the the prefence of the officer, all the rofin, tallow, great* or other Tbe<materials materials with which fuch maker of foap intends to change his with which be or her copper or boiler, and all fuch rofin, tallow, great, or intends to other materials, (hall be put into the copper or boiler in the charge his prefence of the officer; and in cafe the quantity of bard foap, copper, c. aftcrwarcj$ produced therefrom, (hall be found by the gauge in

the frames to be lets than ought to have been produced accord-

0	iog

Digitized by Google	|

784*] Anno vicdimo quarto Georgi/III. c. 4tf.

g to the ratfcs and proportions herein-befbre mentioned, then ie deficiency therein (hall be charged with the duties thereup-1, according to the rates and proportions herein-before men-oned; provided always. That if any maker of foap (hall have larged the copper or boiler with rough fat or rough kitchen 'eafe, then eight pounds of rough fat (hall be deemed equal to ven pounds of tallow, and five pounds of rough kitchen reafe (hall be deemed equal to four pounds of clean kitchen reafe.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

"hat no maker or makers of hard (bap (hall, after the twentieth No foapmak-ay of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, er 8cPu ill any hard foap but in the (hape or form of cakes or bars, or 'hat is commonly called or known by the name of Ball Soap; foap but in the nd that all feraps and parings of hard foap (hall be returned (hape of cakes ito the copper or boiler, in the prefence of the officer immedi- op bar*» tely after the foap that has been put into the frames from any aW /“P® ne boiling (hall have been cut up for fale; on pain that every (hall^be1^* [taker of hard foap, felling any fuch hard foap in any other form turned into han as aforefaid, or not returning all feraps or parings of hard the copper, fa oap into the copper or boiler, in the prefence of the officer, PjJjfenccofthe mmediately as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred on 'ounds for each offence.	,o<T 1

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,/

rhat all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, rules, The powers nethods, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and thing*, ?°^Penaj^et vhich in and by an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign >f‘King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for taking away relative to ex* he court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights cife duties, # rervicey and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty ****!* **

:/»lieu thereof /, or by any other law now in force relating to his Vlajefty’s revenue of excifc, or inland duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, are provided, fettled, or ;ftablifhcd, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afeertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are preferibed by this ad), (hall be exercifed pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaded in this prefent ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all finep, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, Penalties and (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by (uch ways, lorfc,tu{™ means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or cSrewl and" may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied.

Digitized by

Google

698	Annovicrifimo	quarto	Georgii III. C. 49. [1784.

Or hw$ of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, ormfor-mation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefl'mbrflet} or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpcftively; and ihat one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety ts • him or them who (hall ipform, difcover, or fue for the feme.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afordaiJ, Limitation of That if any action or fuit (hall be brought or commenced again!: * ions. any perfon or perfons for anything by him or them done in • purfuance of this ad, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or dc-General iffue. fendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iffue, 2nd give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or proheu-'	tion, or judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them,

upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants Treble cofts. (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

C A P. XLIX.

An att for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown film-ported into Great Britain, end upon lead exported from Great Britain into parti beyond the feas; and for allowing a drswkti upon the exportation of/illsy and fluffs mixed with fill,

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTTE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’t publick. expences, have freely and voluntarily rcfolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates, duties, andim* portions hereinafter mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeecb

Jour Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it ena&ed by the Ling's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eon* lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the bmc, From Sept. io, That, from and after the twentieth day of September, one thou* 1784, the fol-fcmi feven hundred and eighty-four, there (hall be raifed, le* t?onal^duties vie<*» collefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his to be paid to heirs and fucceffors, for and upon the goods herein-after mentis Majefty; tioned, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, ai* videlicet, ready impofed thereon, the feveral and refpeftive duties tallowing ; that is to fay,

Raw Clk im- For every pound of raw filk, each pound containing twenty*

- ptf ^jund’four ounces* imported or brought into the kingdom of Grtti pouft 1	the	fum	of	two	(hillings	apd	ninc-pepce;

* 4	,	U

Digitized by

GoO<2

*784*] Anno viceffmo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.	€89

For every pound of thrown filk, each pound containing fix- Thrown (ilk* teen ounces, imported or brought into the kingdom of Grazf^s. per pounds .Britain, the fum of two (hillings:	'	*

Ahd for and upon all lead, ca'ft and uncaft, the fodder or Lead expert* tbn, containing twenty hundred weight avoirdupois, which (hall ed, it. is. the be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas,ton* the fum of one pound, one (hilling -9 and'after thofe rates for *ny greater or lefs quantities:	,	'

And the laid duties (hall be alfo fubjett and liable to an addi- Duties liable tional impoft or duty of five pounds per centum and'five pounds to the addi-per centum thereon, in the fame manner, and under the fame ^c0nntg*t^gr regulations, as the faid duties were impofed by two feveral adts imnpo4dCby°n# of parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty-fecond years 19 Geo. y c. of his Majefly’s reign, for granting to bis Majefly additional duties *5» and ** upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the re- Gco#	c* ***

JpeRtve commijftoners of the cujloms and excife in Great Britain.

II. And? to promote and encourage the filk manufactures in this Hingdom, and the exportation thereof into foreign partsf it is expedient that a further premium or bounty fhouli be allowed thereon, in From March proportion to the additional duties granted by this cdt on the importa-	b^«n-

tion of raw and thrown filk; be it therefore ena&ed. That, from tjcs t0 ^ aU and after the firft day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred lowed on ex. and eighty-five, over and above the former bounties allowed on portationyf the exportation of the feveral articles herein-after fpecified, there lhall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof,	Britift maau*

failures t

For all ribbons and fluffs of filk, (except gauzes), made in silk ribbons Great Britain, the fum of two (hillings for every pound weight and Huffs, is. avoirdupois:	per pound:

For all filks and ribbons, made in Great Britain, of filk mix- j*l,ks an.d ed with gold or lilver, the torn of two (hillings and eight-pence with gold!See. for every pound weight avoirdupois:	xS. sd. per

For all filk (lockings, filk gloves, filk fringes, filk laces, pound* Hitching or fewing (ilk, made in Great Britain, the fum of one Silk ftock-ffiiHing and nine-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois:	ings,See. it.

For all fluffs of filk and grogratn yarn, made in Great Britain, stuffToffilk * the fum of fixpence for every pound weight avoirdupois:	and grogram#

For all fluffs, made in Great Britain, of filk mixed with incle 6d. per pounds or cotton, the fum of eight-pence for every pound weight avoir- Of filk and * dupois:	cotton, $ d.

For all fluffs, made in Great Britain, of filk and worded, the P*r pound: fum of four-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois * and in ^orftiad^d. thofe proportions for any greater Or lefler quantity:	perpouaJ. *-

Which faid feveral allowances (hall be paid in the fame manner and form, by the fame rules, regulations, and reftriltions, under the fame fecurities, and fubjedt to the fame penalties and forfeitures, as the former bounties granted on the like articles are paid and allowed, and are fubjedt and liable to by any a&

or

' Digitized by

Duties to b*

Under the management of cornraif-fioners Of cuf-toms;

and levied and recovered in the fame mao* ner as the former duties.

A book lobe provided by the auditor of the exche-

Suer.in which ae duties (hall be entered fe-parate from all others. Application thereof.

If the duties grated by tn\s and other afts of the prefent feflion (hall not be fufficient to pay the an* mnties granted by the lottery aft.

Anno vioefimo^aarto Georgii III, c. 49. [17fa

or afts of parliament in force, except where any akemkn is made by this aft.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the (aid duties herein-before granted (hall be uqda the management and direftion of the commiflioners of bis ms-jefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftivcly, and Audi he paid down in ready money, without any difeount or deduction whatfoever, and (nail be drawn back upon the exportation of fuch foreign goods as paid the duties'hereby granted upon the importation thereof; and the faid duties (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the fame manner and form, and under the like reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are rejped-ively raifed, levied, collefted, recovered, and paid, and allowed (except where any alteration is made by this aft), as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any aft or afts of parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft; and the faid duties hereby granted, (hall (the necefrary charges of management excepted; be paid into tne receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for the ufes and purpofes in this aft direfted.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies ariiing from the (aid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparatc and apart from all other monies paid and payable to hisMajefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer at aforefaid, except fo much thereof as is herein-before otherwifc appropriated, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted by any aft or afts of this (efliotiof parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and cxpences as are direfted to be paid and payable, purfuant to an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for mpngourt tain fum of money by way of annuities, and for ejiablijbing a lottery,

V.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times it (hall happen that the produce of Uie feveral duties granted by this aft, together with the feveral other, duties, revenues, an<J taxes, granted in this feffion of parljir menr, for the payment of the feveral annuities of three pounds per centum, ana of four pounds per centum, and of five (hillings and lixpcnce per centum, in refpeft of fix millions borrowed is purfugnee of an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (inti-tufed. An a& for raifing a certain fum of money by way of anmtuu and for ejiablijbing a lottery), (haH not be fufficient to pay and difefiarge the feveral annuities of three pounds per ceatitm% and

of

Digitized by

Google

y84.] Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49;	%r

f foor pounds per centum, and alio the laid annuity of five fillings ana fixpence per centum, to continue for fevcnty-five years nl fix months, from the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even * undred and eighty-four, and then to ceafc, together with the thdr charges and expences attending the faid refpefti ve annui-es, to be fatisfied and paid out of the fame at the end of any r either of the half-yearly days of payment at which the fame re direfted by the faid act to be paid; then, and fo often and the deficiency 1 every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may ,UJ£

« fnpplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times thefinkinx

ball be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-fuad,	*

lufies, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compof-

ng the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch

ndnies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any par-

icular ufe or nfes by any former aft or afts of parliament in

hat behalf) $ and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall

md may be, from time to time, ifliied and applied accordingly ;

ind if at any time or times before any monies of the faid fond

0 be eflablifhed as aforefaid (hall be brought into the exchequer

is aforefaid, there (hall happen to be a want of money for pay-.

ng the feveral annuities as aforefaid, which (hall be actually in-

:urred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment

before mentioned, that then, arid in every fuch cafe, the mo-

ley fo wanted (hall and may be fupplicd out of the monies of

he finking fund, (except as before excepted), and be ifliied ap-

ardingly. *

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority

aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be ifliied out of the faid which (hall be

finking fond, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out

of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament fuppliss.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority ■foiefaid. That in cafe there (hall be any furpius or remainder Surplus, if of the monies arifing by the faid fond, after the faid feveral and h.?^t0 refpfftive annuities, and aHo the annuities granted in refpeft of M *pp wa* the money due for bills payable in the courfe of the navy and victualling offices, and for tranfports, and alfo for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in purfuance of an aft made

in this (eflion of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are fatis-fied, or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furpius or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved for paying the interefi of the remaining navy bills, and for payment of the ordnance debentures, as the fame (hail reijpeftively become due and payable; and alfo-for the payment of any annuity or annuities which may hereafter be created for the discharge of the faid navy bills and ordnance debentures refpeft-ively; and the commHTi oners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby autborifed and impowered to ifliie and apply the famo accordingly.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Gyt Add» vjoeftno quarto SwiOltflt. C, 5«, 5 f. {^4.

CAP; L

Afft id to retire and continue (evcral laws, relating to the aflewi^ tk exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and otter articles, to &* Many's fugar coionka in Americas and to the «Ho*u*g a draafea of the duties on ram (hipped as (fores, to be roo/urarri os bosri wa* chant Uiips on their voyages; and to extend the proviso**of aasAs the twenty-third year of his prelent Majeiiy, relative to tbe^remoral « * wine ia cades, to wine removed in bottles and other packages*

80 much of aft 16 Geo. j. c, 37. as relates to the exportatsoo of wber, &c. to the lugar colonies, revived, and continued until May a» 12^ So much of an aft 19 Geo. 3. c. si. as relates to a drawback on rum &£> ped as ft ores on board merchant (hips, revived, and continued ootil Apni i, 17I6. Aft *j Geo. 3. c. 76. recited. From Sept, so, • 7X4, ilieiftirt aft, fo far as it relates to the removal of wine without a certificate, Jc. (ball extend to the removal of wine in bottles, or other packages*

CAP. LI.

An aft for granting to his Majejiy certain duties on licences> te ht taken out by perfons vending bats by retail; and alfo certain dutx on bats fold under fuch licences; and for laying additional duties :i all hats and caps imported into this kingdom•

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. W/ ^ your Majefty’s mod dutiful and lojnl lubje&x, the V V commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembkd, towards railing, by the mod eafv means, the neeeflary fuppJirs which we have granted to your Majefty in this fefltoa of p*rHi-ment, have voluntarily refolved to give and grant onto yew Majefty the feveral rates and duties hcrein-after mentioned *, and do mod humbly befecch yaur Majedy that it may be enacted ; and be it coa&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, bf «	and	with the advioe and content of the lords fpiritual aod tem-

poral, aed commons, in this prefent parliament aflembkd, tod From Oft. ?, by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fir# d*y 1784, the fol- 0f Oftober9 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, there tcTbe^ pridto ** ra*^» *cv^> colle&ed, and paid, throughout the king* bis Majefty; dom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majedy, his viz. 9 heirs and fucceffors the teveral rates and duties following; lhai

All retailer* “ t0 of felt or beaver hats, Sec. All perfons uttering or vending, in Gnat Britain, by retai!, in Great Bri- any ^ats$ commonly called or known by the name of A/ror out alkence	Stuff or Btovtr Hats, or any leather or japanned hats,

annually:	(hall	annually take out a licence for that purpofe in manner

For which hereinafter pre fcribed:

fliatl be paid, - And where the perlbn, fo uttering or vending by retail fuch within the hats as aforeiaid, (hall refide within the cities of London and tality orbo^ Wtjlminjitr,, or within the diflance of the bills of mortality, or rough of within the borough of Southwark in the county of , there Southwark, (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of forty (hillings;

4#,.«	And

Digitized by L.ooQle

i'784*1 Anno ▼icefimo quartaGEORGn III. c.51.	693

And where the perfon, fo uttering or vending by retail any And in cities uch hats as aforelaid, (hall refide in any city or market town, ^Jns^fth-nher than the cities of London and lVeJ}minJier9 or borough of out t^c Southwark in the county of Surrey there (hall be charged a $•:	-

lamp-duty of five (hillings:

And where the perfon, uttering or vending by retail any fuch And in other uts as aforefaid, who (hall refide in any other part of Great	lhe	.

3ritain9 not being a city or market town, there (hall be charged °m' 5$‘* 1 (lamp-duty of five (hillings :

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or For every felf apanned hat, not exceeding the price or value of four (hillings, °r hat, vhich (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon or per- ceeding^" in ons taking out fuch licences, there (hall be charged a (lamp- value, 3d.*: luty of three-pence:.

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or Fronts. to apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of four (hillings, and #a(,uty°^ iot above the price or value of feven (hillings, which (nail be 6 ittered, vended, or fold, by any perfon or perfons taking out uch licences, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of (ixpence:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or From to apanned hat, above the price or value df feven (hillings, and	Uty

lot exceeding the price or value of twelve (hillings, which (hall >e uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon taking out fuch li-:ences, there (hall be charged a damp-duty of one (hilling:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or And above apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of twelve (hillings,	°*

which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon or per-ons taking out fuch licences, there (hall be charged a ftamp-luty of two (hillings:

II.	And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more Duties to be :0fcdual levying and colle&ing all the faid duties herein-before Jj^*r tJ^cnt granted,, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and S^hVcom-inanagement of the commiflioncrs for the time being appointed miflionersof 0 manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum,s parchment, damps.

>r paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby requir'd and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for that )urpofe, and to allow fuch Jalaries and incidental charges as nay be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch (lamps to denote he faid duties, as (hall be requifite in that behalf; and to do ill other things neceflary to be done for putting this all into execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-be-ore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as hey,, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in xecuiion any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the fir ft From OH. f,, lay of Ofiober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, j!° ?*** io perfon whatsoever required by this all to be licenfed (hall, bereiAW inlefs he or (he be licenfed in manner herein-after prefcnbed, mentioned ittcr, vend, or fell, aoy felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or witboutalU

You XXXIV.	A	a	a	any

.Digitized by Google

<>94	Anno	▼iccfimo	quarto GeoRSII IIL C. 51. [1784

any leather or japanned hats, in Gnat Britain, upon pas to on penalty of forfeit, for every offence, the fum of fifty pounds-; to be reco-$oL	vered and applied as herein-after is dire&ed.

Any two com- IV. And be it further cnaAed, Thar, from and after the mi (Goners of pafling of this ad, any two or more of his Majefty*s coatfl& perfons “oncrs» appointed for managing the duties arifing by dampsm pointed try vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome perfon duly wtho-them, may rized by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who Anti grant licences, apply for the fame, to fell felt or wool, ftuff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats, in any city, town, or other place within Gnat Britain, for the fpace of one year, to commence firm the faid firft day of Oftober, one thounnd feven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before tit day, and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon arper-Tons after the faid firft day of 08obtry one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day of the date of Licences to be every fuch licence; and all and every perfon and period* who renewed an- {hall take out fuch licence for felling hats, (hall take out afirtih nually. licence for another year, ten days at leaft before the expiration of that year for which he or (he (hall be fo licenfed, if he or foe (hall continue to fell hats by retail; and (hall, in like manner, renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the respective fums due for the ftamps on fuch licence, as long as be of (he (hall continue to fell hats by retail.

Every licenfed V. And be it further enadted, That every perfon vending or retailer to expofine to fale hats by retail, and who (hall have taken out s ^ licence For that purpofe as herein-before is direded, (haflcask inUa'ts by Re- l^c words Dealer in Hats by Retail, to be painted or written in tail, over the large and legible chara&ers, either over the door, or in foot door or on the vifible place on the front of his or their houfe, (hop, or wase-bo*? °&h*# koufe, at the refpeftive place at which he or they keep fuch bats *°u c* for fajc< t0 denote that fuch perfon or perfons is a dealer in hats, and licenfed for that purpofe; and if any perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall prefume to fell any hats, without fixing or hang* ing out fuch notice as aforefaid, every perfon fo vending ttr exon penalty of pofing to fale any bats (hall, for every hat fo fold, forfeit and ♦os. for each pay the fum of forty (hillings; to be recovered and diftriBhted hat fold. as herein-after is direfted.

Unlicenfed VI. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfens perfons put. (hall caufethe words Dealer in Hats to be affixed or put in 6c wordsPto°te ^ront	hcr» or t*ie*r hou^c or ^°P» or warehoufe, without

forfeit job being licenfed as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, fo offending jha)l, for every offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.	And whereas doubts may arife what perfon or perfmsOeayk

ionfsdered a retail dealer or dealers in bats within the wiftnoSfiB* $

Who (hall be this afly be it therefore ena&ed and declared. That *0 perfoos

deemed re- who (hall fell any lefs quantity than one dozen of hat* ak one

tailers of hats. tjme t0 any onc perfon> (hall foe deemed a retailer of bats^and

(hall be liable to take out a licence for that purpofe.

Stamped pa- VIII. And% in order to ftcure the duty aforefaid^ be it. further

enabled, That every perfon uttering or vending by retail, or ee taxed to	a	txptfag

Digitized

i by Google

*^84«] Anno vicifimo quarto GE0R6rl fit. C. 51; expolfing td file, any h*ts liable to the duty hereby impofed, fh*U apply to the coimriiffioners of (tamps, or to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, ftamped with the feveral and fcfpeftive duties hereby impofed, to be parted or affixed, by the perfect or perfons fo uttering or vending by retail fuch hat or.hats as aforefaid, to the lining in the inude of the crown of *(tlch hats, in foch manner and form as the faid commifiioners (hall direft; and every felt or wool,*ftuff or beaver hat, or any leather or Japanned hat, uttered, vended, or fold, by arty period or periods taking out the licence required by this aft, (hall •have affixed thereto fiich ftamped ticket, mark, or device, and in fcWh manner and form, and in fuch part of the infide thereof, as the commiffioners of his MSjefty’s ftamp-duties (hall from titrte to tirtie direft.

IK. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons ‘ftfcll v*nd, utter, fell, or expofe to (ale, or (hall purchafe, or receive in exchange for any other article, any hat or hats, fub-jeft to the ftamp-duties hereby impofed, unlefs the ftamp ticket hereby direfted to be affixed to the fame (hall be affixed and marked and ftamped as by this aft is direfted, or that (hall have •ny ticket affixed thereto marked or ftamped with a ftamp or mark of Jefs denomination or value than by this aft is direfted to be affixed 5 every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch hat fo fold, uttered, or expofed *0 foie, or fo bought or received in exchange, the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is di-rtfted.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon licenfed in purfuance of this aft, who (hall foil to any other retailer of hats alfo licenfed, any hat or hats, although the ftamp ticket hereby direfted to be affixed to the fame mall not be affixed and marked and ftamped as by this aft is direfted.

XI.	Andy to prevent the mark Or ftamp hereby directed to be ufed9 which bds been affixed to any haty prom being made ufe of again to affix to any other hat9 be it enaftea. That if any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any mark or ftamp, in tefpeft whereof or by which any duties are hereby payable for any hat, or (hall fraudulently affix or pafte on in any hat, uny ticket hereby direfted to be ftamped, the fame having been once inude ufe of for the purpofe aforefaid, and (hall hereafter fell, utter, or expofe to fale, any hat with fuch ticket fo fraudulently cUttfrom, taken off, or removed; then, fo often, and in every fuch cafe, all and every perfon and perfons fo offend-'ing in any of the particulars before mentioned, (hall forfeit the fom of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is direfted.

XII.	And% to prevent perfoHSy fo licenfed as aforefaid, from felling Vtoi taping any ttekets which have been before made ufe of for denoting any of the duties by this aft impofed^ and for preventing fuch

/	frauds	%

Digitized by Google

% the fining of the crown of hats,

agreeable the direftiortf of the com-miflioncrl.

PeffortS feU ling, Sec. anf bat liable td the duties, without a prof per damp.

to forfeit rob

Not to extend to orte licenfed retailer Telling to another.

Perfons fraudulently tearing off. or affixing any (tamp already ufed in any hat, Stc.

(hall forfeit aoL

6g6	Anno	viccfimo	quarto GeoR«« UI. C,

Na pcrfon to frauds; be it enacted. That if any perfon (hall, from and sdEtcr

ticket ^alread^ Pa^ln8 l^ls aC^> fell or buy anY lfekct» in order to be ufed, &c# y again made ufe of to be affixed to any bat liable to the duty

on penalty of sou

Either buyer or feller who (hall inform againft the other party,

(hall be indemnified .

ihall make a feparate charge for the (lamps.

hereby impofed, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for evefy fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XIII.	Provided always, and. be it enabled. That if either buyer or feller of any fuch ticket, or of any hat not haying the proper ticket affixed thereto, as aforefaid, ihall inform again ft the other party concerned in buying or felling (ucji ticket, or fuch bat not having the proper damped ticket affixed thereto, as aforefaid, the party fo offending (hall he admitted to give' evidence againft the party informed againft, and fhall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred. Retailers deli- XIV. And be it further enafted, That where any perfon or perk118* licenfed in purfuance of this aft, (hall deliver in any tothe duties,6 hill or charge for any hat or hats (fubjeft to the duties hereby ‘	* impofed), fuch perfon or perfons (hall make a diftinft and fe-

parate charge for the (lamp or (lamps which (hall have been affixed to the hat or hats fo charged in fuch bill.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

Perfons coun- That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark direfted or allow-(lamps, with C(j to \>'c ufed by this aft, for the purpofe of denoting the fraud1 his Ma- duties by this granted, or (hall counterfeit or referable the jefty, to fuffer impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, death as fe- his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall l°n»»	privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, direft-

cd qk allowed. to be ufed by this act, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convift-ed, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Provifion* of That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and ail other mat-fatinCrto^SrC" tcrs anc* *h,nSs preferibed or appointed by any former ad or kamp-duties, a<^s parliament relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, to be in force parchment, and paper, (hall be of full force and effeft with rein executing jation to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be ap-this aft* plied and put in execution for railing, levying, collecting, and

fecuring the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpec-tively been hereby enacted with relation to the (aid new fates and duties hereby impofed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforeCud, Penalties,fued That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed, (hall be divided for within fix and diftributed (it fued for within the fpace of fix calendar

tobe^divided monl*ls from r^e time °f any fuch penalty being incurred) in ' manner following ; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, bis heirs and fuctefiors, and the other moiety thereof, with ful

cofts

Digitized Goog •;

1784.] Anno vfcefimo quarto Georgii III. C. 51;	697

cofts of futt, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid;'

That all pecuniary penalties which (hall exceed the fum of Penalties extwenty pounds, irapofed on any perfon or perfons for offences ceding to I. committed againft this aft, (hall and may be fued for and re-	r#*

covered in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wejlminfterfor offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwicl upon Tweed; and in his Majefty’s court of feflions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences Committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

xfX. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch divifion or diftribution of the Informers not penalties as aforefaid, (hall be, and is hereby confined and intitled to any reftrifted to the profecuting for the fame within the time penaUiesun-herein-before for that purpole limited ; and that in default of |efs fuca for * fuch profecution within the time aforefaid, no informer or in- within fix formers (hall have or be intitled to any part or (hare of fuch months, ^ penalties, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majef-ty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall be recoverable in manner aforefaid 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding*

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh-any juftice of the peace refiding near the place where the of- booring juf- 1 fence (hall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this aft, which fubjefts the offender to any pecuniary fences where penalty not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds; which faid the penalties juftice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon do not MWd any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witnefles on either fide, and (hall examine into the matter of faft ; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs orwit-nefles, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this aft is direfted, and to award and iflue out his warrant under his hand and feal for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any ; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the (pace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be pcrfong ag. looner paid and fatisfied : and if any perfon or perfons (hall griCVcd by find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any (uch deternri* fuch juftice, then he or they ftiall and may, upon giving fecu- nat,0I?> may .jity tp the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, ^rtwfcf A a a 3	together	Sons,

•*	Digitize^	by CjOOQlC

Anno vicefimo quarto GsoROit TO. C.$i. together with fuch cofts as (ball be awarded in cafe filch1 Judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace Wt the next general quarter fcffions for the cotmty, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to futnmon witnefifes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the Judgement of fueh juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be* lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay coftfroo-cafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem meet.

XXI. And be it further enabled by the authority afotelaid, Ptrfoiu fina* That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fummoned as a wftstefs *§ wit- or witneffes, to give evidence before fuch juftice or jufKcerof foall Tia peace, touching any of the matters relative to this adt, either to\ppear* on l^c Parl	profecutor, or of the perfon or perfon* xc-

Without a'rea- cufed, and (hall negleft or refufe to appear at the time *«*d fopablc ex- place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafontblc cure, to forfeit cxcufe for fUch his, her, or their neglect or refufal, to

s-

Juftice may mitigate pe-

'FromDft. i, ill}, the fof-Jovrmg additional import duties to be paid to his Jtfajclty • vi^.

lowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty fliHk lings; to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means v as herein before dire&ed as to other penalties : provided nevef-thelcfs, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid iuf-fice, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate and leflen any mch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as jn profecuting the fame, being always aHowed, over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce'the penalties to lefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing contained m this a<5t, or any other a St of parliament, to the contrary not-yvithftandipg.

XXII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the feveral goods herein after mentioned, which (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-foiir, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already impofed thereon, the feveral and refpedhve duties following $ that is to (ay?

forhatf, Ire. For all hats or caps (except night-cap^) made of felt, dr

made of felt, manufa&ured wholly of meep or lambs wool, the film of fix* 6d. the pieces	.	J	♦	*

v pence the piece:

For every hat For every bat made of, or mixed with, beaver woof, or with

made of bea- hair, or other fur or wool of whatever kind, the fum of tiro

verwool,Sec. (hillings: *

Putiei to be And the faid duties (hall be alfo fubjeft and liable to an addi-addTt^nalim-	imppft	or	duty	of	fivp	pounds	per	centum	and	five pound*

poftof5pe? ptr untum thereon, which were impofed by two feveral *6*

made

Digitized by

Google

I.2&4-T Aboo-vieefitrw qparto Georgii III. c. 5r.	\	^99.

iDad? in the nineteenth aud twenty-fecond years of his Majef- cent.and jper ty*s xeign,/flr granting to his Majofiy additional duties upon tht j^rofedby"* product of tot fevtral duties under the management of the refpeflive.l9\3to. f eommijTioners of the tujloms and excife in Great Britain.	c. *51 and 1*

XXIII. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority Geo-1»c-66-aforefaid, That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the import duties importation of fuch hats (hall be under the management and to be under direction of the commiffioners of his MajeRy’s cuRoms in Eng-land and Scotland refpectively, and (hall be paid down in ready commiflion-xnooey, without any difeount or deduction whatfoever, and ersofeuftoms, ihall be drawn back upon the exportation of the fame goods $ and drawn and. the faid duties and drawbacks (hall be railed, levied, col- bajjll-p0n.ex* 1 feCted, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the fame manner and P° on» form, and under fuch reRriCtions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are refpeCtively railed, levied, and to be collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where ar.y al- ■evi«d and retention is made by this aCt), as fully, to all intents and pur- fa^^anne#* pofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties a> t^e former and forfeitures, in any aCt or aCts of parliament relating there- duties, &c. to, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of " efent aCt.

. Andy for encouraging the exportation of hats into foreign parts, be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful Hats, two to and for any perfon or pcrlbns, Iicenfed in purfuance of this down in one ad, to export any number of hats, not lefs in quantity than f^e^rted^ two dozen in any one package, without having the Ramp without hav-ticket affixed thereto as herein-before is directed, upon giving ingtheftamp notice to the diRributor of Ramps living neareR to the place *"*«* affixed where the perfon fo exporting fuch hats (hall refide, and ob- ther,t0» &c* taining from him a certificate thereof, which he is hereby directed to give, without fee or reward.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That the feveral duties herein-before granted fltall be paid Dt?^e* from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for j^ver gene-the time being of the duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, rai of ftamp-and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diRinCt account of duties, and by the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary P*'d 5nto charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being theexc“etluer* deducted), into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt (hall be pro- Auditor to. vided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arif- provide a book tog from the (aid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid monks* receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparate and apart from feparate from all other monies paid or payable to his MajeRy, his heirs or all others, fuccefiors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money Application fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be thereof,

• fund for the payment of the feveral annuities and all other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable.

Aa a 4

purfiiant

Digitized by

Google

and recover treble cofts.

7©O	Anno vTcefimo quarto Georgii IIL C.^2, 53* [17)54;

purfiiant to an aft of this prefent feflion of parbamem, {wti-tilled, An a& for raifmg a certain fum of money by way of extmpVei, and for ejlablijhing a lottery).

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefttd, jvfendant* That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, ir.av plead the molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them doneor geacral iflue, executed in puifuahce of this aft, or of any claufc, matter* *or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or ma? plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdift (bafi pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plain- ! tiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (baft have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch pbintifi or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

- i

An aft for raifing a farther fum of money, by loans or exchequer Wh 1 for the fervice ot the year one thoutand feven hundred and eighty*four.

Comiirflioners of the treafury may raift i,o©o,ooo1. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1785, in manner as by the malt aft of lift (fefloa .is preferibed, See. The dautes in the faid aft relating to loans or bills, (Exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be re» Reived again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6,1785. Aft ion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo railed to be repaid <mt of the next parliamentary aid ; and if fuf&cicnt (applies be not granted before July 5, 1785, to be charged on the finking fund. Monies fot&ied to be replaced out of the firft lupplies. Bank* of England authorized to jd-. yancf the (aid fum on the credit ot this aft ; a a aft 5 & £ Gul. Sc Maii^ notwithftanding.	’

CAP. LIU.

An at1 for granting to his Majejly certain duties on all gold andfik • ver plate imported, and a)fo certain duties on all gold and fiver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE yourMajefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeft^, the com* mons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembied, being defirous to raife tbe fupply granted to your Majefty in this feC flon of parliament by ways the leaft burthenfome to your Ma-jefty’s fubjefts, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty thcrefpeftive duties herein after mentioned ; and do moft humbly bcfrech your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament at-fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of December', one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all gold apd filver plate which (hall be imported pr brought iqtb* —	-	«	*	•	.	•	,	'tbe

Preamble*

From Dec.?,

178+, the following duties Uppn gold and fi I wer plate ro be paid to his Majefty; viz.

Digitized by Google

1784.] Anno Vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53.^	701

the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all gold and filver plate to* be made or wrought within the fame kingdom, the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties following; that is to fay,

For and upon all gold plate which, at any time or times af- For gold plate ter the firft day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and imported intQ eighty-four, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom Great Britain of Great Britain, or which fhall be made or wrought within the an additional* fame kingdom at any time or times from and after the faid duty of 8 s. ftrft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- per ounce; four, and which fhall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other duties already impofed thereupon, a duty after the rate of eight (hillings for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity:

And for and upon all filver plate which, at any time or For Giver plate times after the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hun-dred and eighty-four, (hall be imported or brought into the GrwtBriSiin kingdom of Great Britain, or which (hall be made or wrought an additional’ within the fame kingdom, at anytime or times from and af- duty of 6 d. ter the faid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred Pcr ounce# ind eighty-four, and which (hall or ought to be touched, iflayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other luties already impofed thereupon, a duty after the rate of fix->ence for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater >r lefs quantity:

To be paid by the importer, or makers or workers thereof efpeftively, as in and by this aft is directed and preferibed.

II.	And) for the better and more effectual raifmg, levying, tol-tfiitig, and payings the faid duties her ein-bej'ore granted, be it fur-

her enafted, That the fame, as far as relates to gold and (i!- The duties on er plate made or wrought in Great Britainy (hall be under the Plate n|*!eln ;overnment, care, and management of the commiflioners for ^^imder* he time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his the manage-tfajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and charged on damped ment of the ellutn, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part commiffion-»f them, are hereby authorifed and required, from time to crs oi ftamP,# ime, to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that >urpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as hall be neceflary; and to do all other afts, matters, and hings, neceflary to be done for putting this aft in execution, mh relation to the faid duties on gold and filver plate made >r wrought in Great Britain, in the like, and in’ as full and mple manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is uthorifed to put in execution any of the laws now in being oncernmg damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid duties by this ^ie duties on ft impofed upon wrought gold and filver plate to be imported, £d to be nmicr lall be put under the care and management of his Majefty’s thc manage-

1 . v	commiflioners	ment of the

Digitized by C ' >ole

70?	Anno	viecfimo quarto GeoRGH III, -C, $3* [1784,

commiffionert commiflior*ers of the cu (loons in England, and Scotland ittyc* of cuftoms.	tively, and (hall be railed, levipd, recovered, and paid, aod J

be brought into the exchequer, (tQ and for the.ufes and pur. pofes in this ad exprefled), by fuch rules, ways, means, and methods, and upder fuch penalties and forfeitures*,and in fod manner and form, as the duties upon gilt and fiber wire im-ported, impofed by an ad of the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, or by any ad of parliament relating thereto, are preferibed and appointed to be railed, levied, re* covered, anfwered, and paid.

From Dec. v, IV*. And be it further enaded. That every working mid* fmith and filverfmith, or other manufadurer of gpld or like Ihall fend to whatfoever, who (hall, at any time or times after the laud fid the a(Tay of- day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, fice, with , work or make, or caufe to be wrought or made, an; gold a ^eryi5arCe' ^^vcr ve^> P^atc or manufacture of gold or fiber whatfccrer, fitver a^rit- recluir^d to be touched, allayed, and marked, by the cocnpaoj ten note; of goldfmiths in London, or the company of goldfmiths in Eh* burgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by tin wardens and alTayer or aflayers at York, Exeter, BriffiU Qxjbr% Norwich, and Newcajlle upon Tyne, (hall from time to time fend, with every parcel of fuch gold or filver, to the office of the fajd refpedive companies, cities, and places, a prticulara to note or memorandum fairly written 5 containing the day of the be fpecified month and year, the chriftian and furnamc of the worker or therein. maker, aud place of his or her abode, and alfo all the (peats in fuch parcel-of plate, and the number of each fpecies, with the total weight of fuch parcel, and alfo the fum of moixj payable for the duty upon the total weight of fuch parcel j and alfo (hall from time to time fend, deliver, and pay, with every fuch parcel, to the officer belonging to fuch refpedive ify office who (hall receive fuch parcel of gold or fiber fo lent to be touched, allayed, and marked, the duty by this ad direfted to be paid upon every fuch parcel of gold or filver h required to b? touched, aflayed, and marked.

Plate bow to V. And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their be marked, deputy aflay-mailer, weigher, or other perfon appointed by the laid refpedive companies or allay officers, (hall mark with the following new mark, that is to Cay, with the mark of the King’s head, over and befides the feveral other marks dkefod bv law, all and every fuch pieces or parcels of gold or filver Doties to be plate fo fent to be touched, marked, and allayed $ and (hill, paid previous previous to the touching, marking, or allaying fuch gold ei fo the mark- jyvcr pja^c v manufa<fturc> alk, demand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of and firot the perfon or perions whofe property is io required to be touch-' ed, marked, and allayed, the lum of eight (hillings for every ounce of gold plate, or manufacture of gold, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, which (hall be brought to the faid refpective allay offices to be touched, marked, uA . aflayed as aforefaid j and alfQ tfec fum "of fixpVW for ever;

Digitized by Goc . '

7^4*f Afltio viccfimo quarto GeoRGII Iff. c. 53-	7°3

umde^fitfver plate ot manufadure of filver, and fo in pro-

>ortiotf for any greater or lefs quantity, which fhall bt brought

o tfieTafd refpedive aflay offices to be touched, marked, and

rflayed as aforefaid 5 and fhall give a receipt for the duty fo paid	to^

6 the perfon or perfons bringing fuch plate or cnanufedure | *or

rid in default of receiving fuch duty, in manner aforefaid, fuch

tfye&ive companies or aflay offices fo touching, marking, or

tflaying filch plate, fhall be accountable to bis Majefty, his

\z\T9 and fucceflbrs, for the faid duty, as if the fame had ac-

ually been by them received.

Vt And be it further enaded, That the aflay matter, Aflay maflerfc eWher. or other officer of the faid refpedive companies

n.-n r._____________	r______________duties	and de-

Weigher,

>r aflay offices, who fhall, from time to time, from and after H^ciTthe note! he ftia firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and they receive, Sghty-four, take and receive the faid monies and duties, with daily, to the he faid notes or memorandums, ihal! daily, as foon as he fhall cJerk or acme entered the fame in the book or books of the faid refpec- cgttntont»

:ive companies or aflay offices, deliver the faid notes or memo-"atidums, and pay the faid fums of money and duties fo by aim received, to the clerk or accountant 01 the faid refpedive companies or aflay offices, who fhall file the fame notes or nemorandums, and enter the fame, and keep a true and faith-.

\il account in writing, in books to be kept for that particular lurpofe, of the duties received by him under and by virtue of :his aft \ which faid account fhall at all times be open for the hfpedion of any perfon or perfons duly authorized, under the tends and feals of the faid commiffioners of the ftamp-duties,

>Mhe major part of them, to infped the fame.

VII.	And whereas gold or filver wares, when fent to be marked vtd ajfriyedy are fent in fo rude and rough a Jiate that the fame in be finijbing are greatly lejjened in weighty be it therefore enaded,

That the perfon appointed by the faid companies or aflay offi- An allowance

fcs to take and receive the monies and duties by this ad di-	of	the

efted, fhall, where fuch plate is fent to be marked and af- J^Sefer

‘ayed in the fame rude and rough ftate as heretofore has been goodt fent tn

ufual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weight, and an be aflayed in #

illowanfce of one fifth part of the duty hereby impofed, to the rou£h

>erfon or perfons bringing the feme; and fhall, at the bottom

)f the note or memorandum herein-before direded to be kept

ind filed, exprefs the dedudion from the weight, arid the al-

owance of the duty accordingly : provided always. That

lothing herein contained fhall extend to any allowance being

ttaefe on any quantity of filver plate or manufadure, lefs in

freight than one ounce troy, nor to any fradional part of ap

)unce.	Gold or diver

VIIL And be it further enaded, That, from and after the aid fifft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and n Hghty-four, no goldfmith, filverfmith, or other perfon what- be fold or ex* roever, making or felling, trading or dealing in, gold or fil- changed, or ttt wares, thall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, in Great «P°rt®dt '**** Britain^ any gold or filver yeflcl, plate, or manufadure of gold Sy rtS aft**

or dire&cd |

Digitized by VjOOQIC

on penalty of 50I.

and forfeiture of the goods.

Particular wares to which this aft fliall not extend.

it Geo, 1. f. 16.

Duty to be returned for all gold and Silver defaced for being coarfer than the ftandard {if no intended fraud (hall appear).

Anno vicefimo quarto Geopgii III.	{1784,

or filver whatfoevcr, made after the laid firft day of Doaskr, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, or export the fame out of the kingdom of Great Britain, until fuch time u fuch vjeflel, plate, or manufacture of gold, (being of thdftand-ard directed by law) and fuch veflel, plate, or manufai&uft of diver, (being likewife of the ftandard directed by law) (haS be marked with the new mark herein-before directed, (that if to fay), The King’s head, over and befides all other touts already directed by Jaw to be marked or imprefled thefcoo, upon pain that every fuch goldfmith, filverfmith, or otherper-fon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pa; the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of 2$ herein-after is directed; and for default of not paying dQWntk penalty upon conviction, lhall be committed by"the court, ia which judgement (hall be given thereon, to the houfe of cor. rection for the county, city, liberty, or place where convkted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the fpace of one year, por lefs than fix months, pr until payment be made of the faid forfeiture; and alfo upon pain that fuch gold and filver veflel, plate, and manufacture of gold and filver, which (hall be fold, exchanged, or expofed to faje, without having the mark thereon as by (bis aeft is direfted, lhall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the King’s jnajefty^ his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons who lhall fue for the fatlie.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this aeft contained lhall extend to any jewellers works, /that is to fay), any gold or filver wherein any jewels or other ftones are or lhall be (et (other than mourning rings), norm pny jointed night ear-rings of gold, or gold fprings of Sockets, nor,to compel any of the wares of gold or filver to be flipped or marked with the ftamp or.mark directed by this aff, which are particularly excepted in the a& made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An a fi for lit Infix preventing frauds and abufs in gpld and fiver wares.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena£tpd, That when any parcel of gold or filver lhall in any of the refpcftjve aflay offices aforefaid be found to be of a coarfer allay than the re-fpedtive ftandards, and (hall be cut, broken, and defaced, then, and in fuch cafe (and where no intended fraud (hall appear) the duty granted by this aff, and which Jhall have been paid upon every fuch parcel upon the delivery thereof to be aftayed, lhall be returned to the worker or maker by the companies or aflay offices who lhall cut, break, or deface fucK gold or filver work or manufacture fo brought to be touched, aflaved, and marked j and the faid companies and aflay offices mall make an entry in the books herein-before dire^^J to be kept by them of the fpecies and weight of each parcel fo cut, broken, and defaced by them, and the names of the perfons to whom fuch gold and filver ^Iatp did belong, and the amount of th; duty fo returned.

Digitized by Google

784*] Anno vIC$fi*no quatto Georg 11 III. c, 53:	C	7°J>

XI.	And* in order to prevent any injury to the manvfaflwrm of New duties old and filver plate* and for the better encouragement of the expor- Pai<* for plite ation thereof* be it enalled, That, in cafe any perfon or perfons back on^11 vhatfoever, (hall, at any time or times after the faid firft day of portadon December* one thoufand fcven hundred and eighty-four* during thereof, he continuance of the duties by this alt impofed upon wrought ►late, or manufaltures of gold and (ilver, export by wav of nerchandize for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or (liver wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by this, alt s charged or chargeable with the faid refpeltive duties of eight hillings per ounce, and fixpence per ounce, and the fame (hall ppear to have been made and marked as aforefaid, after the aid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred an<| ighty-four, and the duty hereby direlled (hall have been paid hereon, and (hall give fufficient fecurity before the (hipping hereof for exportation, that the particular quantities bf fuch , date or manufaltures of gold or filver intended to be extorted as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall pot be reland*

;d or brought again into Great Britain, and (hall make proof, ipon path, that the fame gold or filver plate, or manufactures* were actually made or marked as aforefaid, after the faid firft lay of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, .	.

which fecurities flh^ll be taken in the King's name, and to his ife, and the fiudpaths (hall be adminiftered, by the cuftomer ar collellor of the refpeltive port for fuch exportation; and and (hall alfo produce and deliver to fuch cuftomer or collector a certificate, under the hand of, the perfon to whom fuch wrought plate or manufactures of gold and filver were confign-id, certifying that the fame have been received, and mention-ng the weight and particular fpecies of plate fo configned and	~

eceived, the name of the perfon configning the feme, the	,

lame of the veflel, and the name of the captain commanding fuch veflel, and the port of Great Britain from which the faid vcflel was cleared, and the port to which fuch veflel was bound; and (hall alfo, where the drawback (hall amount to five pounds and upwards, authenticate fuch certificate by a notprial all in writing ; and where the fame cannot be done by a notorial all, then the fame (hall be authenticated under the hand and feal erf	*

he chief magiflrate of the city, town, or place where fuch wrought plate or manufaHure ot gold and filver (hall be received ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid cuftomer or collellor (hall give, to the exporter thereof a debenture, exprefling the true kinds and quantities of fuch plate and manufaltures or jold or filver fo exported, or Shipped to.be exported; and the exportation or (hipping thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the faid debenture, the collellor or receiver of the faid duty on plate, upon the faid debenture fo certified being produced to him, (hall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight (hillings for every ounce troy, and proportion ably for any greater or lefs quantity, of fuch plate or manufaHure of gold, and after the rate of fixpenice for every ,	o	ounce

Digitized by foozle

Jo 6	Anno	vfceGmo tpurtcr GcolttnrHf. e.^3.

cone* troy, and proportionablv for any greater or 1«& quawfev, of fuch plate or manufacture of filver, out of the money of tie, faid duties on plate or manufactures of go Wand filver then hi the hands of the faid receiver or collector, without fteertel ward 5 and if the faid receiver car collector (hall not have moon I in his hands to pay any fuch debenture, then the receiver-gets enl 1 of the (lamp-duties for the time, is hereby required to pay, er | caufe to -be paid, the faid debenture out of atiy of the duets | ariling by this aCt, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwnhftanding.

XII.	And, toe better to prevent thefraodulent relan&ngefer plate in this kingdom after the drawback bat been paid and atkwti for the fame, it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afmt-Wrought fa>d, That, all wrought gold and filver plate which (hall be ia-pltte intended tended to be exported from this kingdom into any fortig! for expomti- parts, before the fame is Ihipped for that purpofe, (hall be brought by the owner or proprietor thereof to theafDw office, olice and y an<* ^ there (lamped or marked with the figure or a Thu marked with tannia, in order to denote that fuch plate is entered msd'io-a Britannia, tended for exportation, and to be allowed the drarwbad thereon.

Gerk See. of XIII. And be it further enaCted, That the clerk or account-the go’ldtiniths eat of the company of goldfmlths in Lotiien dull, on the company, twentyrfifch day of December, one thoufand fcven hundred and within two eighty-four, or within tWo months after, deliver to the fiid * *g^( commiflioners of ftamp-duties, or fome perfon or peribas to deliver to*’ authorized by them at the head office to receive the fame, tree thecommifli- copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept, for the er* of ft amp* quarter which (lial I be completed before fuch day of deli very, and* acMuntsfoJf the fame time (hall pay all fuch fum and fums of money which (hs8 the preceding have been received oh account of the faid duties before thefiud quarter; twenty-fifth day of December; and from thenceforth (hall, -foae , f	time within two months after the twenty-fifth day of Added,

thenceforth *be twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of Septen-within two ber, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, or at months after fuch other times, after the expiration of the faid; two month!, every quarter as may be appointed by the major part of the faid commHSoft-<uy,Kc. erj ^ ftamp-duties, giving a previous publiek notice of fourteen days, or more, by advertifement in the London Gatstttt, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the (aid cotnmiffioners, er to the perfon or perfons appointed by them far the purpofe of receiving the fame, at the head office of the faid commlfioa-ers, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by fuch derks or accountants of the faid refpeCtive companies or aflay offices, for the quarter which (hall be completed before and (hall nay ^ delivery, - or notice, as the cafe (hall be; and, at the monies 'the fame time; (hall pay fuch fum and fums which fhaH appear due thereon, to be due on fuch accounts to the receiver-general for the time to the receiver being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer appointed to receive the faid duties; for uac* ufe 0f Majefty, his heirs and fcccdlbrs, at the faid head

office j

Digitized by i^ooQle

(784*] Anno vlccfimo quarto Georgii in. c. 5$?	joy

office s upon pain of forfeiting, for every default in not deli-rering true copies of fucb accounts, the fum of five hundred	ott

pounds; and for every default in payment of the monies due on fitch accounts, double the amount of the money fo due and payable at the time of fuch default.

. XIV. And be it further enadted, That the wardens, or their wardens, or ieputiesj or the clerk or accountant, or other perfon appointed other perron* o receive the duty hereby impofed, by the goldfmiths company appointed by it	Edinburgh, or	by the companies of Birmingham and	^tnnlnvalt

>r the refpedtive aflay offices at Tori, Exeter,	Edinburgh,

Norwich, and Newcajlle upon Tyne, or other cities or places &c. within where any aflay office (hall or may be eftabliftied, (hall, on the tw0 months :wenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand fevpn hundred and ^I’efi* :ighty-four, or within two months after, deliver to the head vertothe liftributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and head diftrf-:or the city or county in which fuch companies or aflay offices bn tor of hall be eftabliflied, or to the perfon or perfons duly authorifed md commiffioned under the hands and leals of three of the faid accounts for torhmiffioners for (lamp-duties to receive fuch accounts, and the preceding :he money due thereon, true copies of the accounts herein-be- quarter;

[ore directed to be kept by fuch companies or aflay offices re-pedfively, and which (hall, on the (aid twenty-fifth day of Dernier, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, or within [wo months after, be otitflanding, or to be accounted for under his ad, and (hall, at the fame time, pay all the monies which hall have been received by them refpedtively on account of the iforefaid duties, before the faid twenty-fifth day of December ; md from thenceforth (hall, fome time within two months after and from he twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June,

;he twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of Months December, in every year, or at fuch other times after the ex- after every pirationof the faid two months as maybe appointed by the quarter day, iiead diftributor, or the perfon or perfons fo to be authorized to “c*

•eceive the faid duties, giving a previous notice of fourteen lays or more, by advertisement in the London	, or in

he newfpaper, it any fuch there be, publifbed in and for the ;ounty where fuch head difiributor refides, deliver, or caufe to ae delivered, to fuch head diftributor, or other perfon or persons aforefaid, true copies of the accounts herein-before diredl-:d to be kept by fuch companies or aflay offices, for the quarter which mall be completed before fuch day of delivery, or lotice, as the cafe (hall be; and, at the fame time, (hall pay to Jfl(j fta|j __ bch head diftributor, or other perfon or perfons fo to be au- the monin homed as aforefaid, all fums of money which (hall appear to due thereon, »e due upon fuch accounts; under the penalty of forfeiting, for to the receiver tvery default in not delivering fuch accounts, the fum of fifty famp*duties, pounds; and for every default in payment of the monies due penalty on »n fuch accounts, double the amount of the faid monies due default.

»n the bid account at the time of fuch default.

XV.	And it is hereby enadted, That the faid receiver-gene- An allowance ral of the damp-duties, at the bead office, and the faid head to be made to

diftri-

Digitized by

Google

r

7M$

the cleik*4cc« for their trouble*

From 1784,any pc^ton who (hall counter-feita&y Ibmp to be ufed in purfuanee of this ad;

j&opq WccGmoquarto GiORjGJiXlf.	f

diftributor of (lamped vellum, parchment, and pag?r» pr arias pcrfon or perfo/is duly appointed by thd major part dC tbc-Cud commiffioners of (lamp-duties to receive the duties by this ad; impofed, (hall make an allowance to all and every th^ derisj accountants, or other perfon or perfons fo appointed by fuch companies or aflay offices refpedively, for their trouble in originally receiving the faid duties, and making out fgch account at is herein-before diredted, at and after the rate of (ixpence mite pound out of the monies by them regularly accounted paid to fuch receiver-general, or head diftributor, or fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, according to the dke&ioos herein before contained.

XVI* And be it further enadled by the authority afore&4 That if any perfon whatfoever, from and after the faid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, (hafl caft, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to he caft, forged, or counterfeited, the mark or (lamp ufed, or directed to be ufrd in purfuance of this adl, for the marking or damping of gold or filver plate by the company of goldfmiths in Lonisn of £<&?« burgby or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, or by the wardens, or affayer or aflayers at Tork% Exetery BriJIolx Chefor, Nor-wichy or Newcajile upon Tyne9 or by any maker or worker 01 gold or filver plate, or arty or either of them; or (hall call, forge, or counterfeit, or (hall caufe or procure to be caft, forged^ or counterfeited, any mafk, (lamp, or irrtpreffion, in imitation of, or to refemble any mark, (lamp, or impreflion, made or to be made with any mark or (lamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the laid company of goldfmiths in Lcn3&u,or Edinburgby or by the faid Birmingham or Sheffield company, by the faid wardens, or affayer or aflayers, or by any

or

or fkalt fbrmp arty wrought plate, Stc. with any counter* felted itamp;

of (Hall remove from one piece of wrought plate, fee. to'another, any ftamp to b* ufed by the faid companies or aifay* ers, &c.

„	by

maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either ot them ; or (hall mark or (lamp, or caufe or procure to be marked or (lamped, any wrought plate of gold or filver, or any wares of brafs or other bafe metal filvered or gilt over and re-fembling plate of gold or filver, with any mark or (lamp whlqh hath been or (hall be forged or counterfeited at arty time either before, on, or after the ford firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, in imitation of, or to refenhbfe any mark or (lamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the faid company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgby or by the laid Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the faid wardens, or aflayer or aflayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them; or (hall tranfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpofed or removed From one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any veflel of fuch bafe metaj as aforefaid, any mark, (lamp, or inipreffion, made or to be made by or with any mark or (lamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the faid company of goldfrnitbs in London or Edinburgh. or by the faid Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the faia wardens, or aflayer or aflayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them; of (hall fell, ef-’

change

orexpofeto fale, or kxport out of this kingdom, any * ' ■ ^	'	Vrrbught

Google

A«no vfcefimo quafto G&ofcGTi III. d 5jr* "

wrought plate of gold pr filler, or any veflel of fuch bafe metal ©r Atll fen or" as aforefaid, with any fuch forged or counterfeit mark, (lamp,

7t icnprctSon .thereon, or any mark, (lamp, or impreftion which ^^VucH hath been or (hall be tranfpofed or removed from any other counterfeit aiece of plate, knowing fuch mark, (lamp, or impreflion, to be itamp thereon* urged, counterfeited, or tranfpofed or removed as aforefaid j or halt wilfully or knowingly have or be poffcffed of any mark or tamp which hath been or (hall be forged or counterfeited, in mitatipu of, and to referable any mark or (lamp ufed or to be ifed as aforefaid by the faid company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the faid Birmingham and Sheffield companies,

>r by the faid wardens, or a(Tayer or atTayers, or by any maker or voider of gold or filver plate, or any or either of them ; every (hall fuffef uch perfon offending in any fuch or cither of the cafes afore- dcath ** * aid, Wing thereof lawfully corivifted, (hall bfe adjudged guilty **lon. if felony, and thall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of *rgy.

XvIL i\hd be it further ena£led, That all pecuniary pe- Penalties lahies hereby impofed (hall be divided and diftributed in man- t0 be divided, icr following 5 that is to fay, one moiety thereof (hall belong

0	his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and iho other moiety hereof, with full colls off fuit, to* the perfon or perfans who hall inform or fur for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts t Wejlminfler, for offences committed,in England, Wales, or hr uni upon Tweedy or in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Gotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

'herein no effoin, proteftion, privilege* wager of law, or more lan one imparlance, (hall be alowed.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be "hat the duties herein-before granted (hall be paid from time paid to the ) time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being fthe duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who duties,aQd by tall keep a fe pa rate and diftindt account of the duties, and pay him paid into le fame, the neceffary charges of raifing, paying and account- the exchequer* >g for the fame being deducted* into the receipt of the exche-uer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner* as the duties now larged on (lamped vellum, parehment, and paper, are dire<5l-

1	to be paidj Sind in the office of the auditor of the faid re- Auditor to ript there fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in provide a hich all the monies arifing from, the faid duties, and paid into book, in

ie faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart om all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs entered id fucceffors, upon any account whatfoev^r; and the faid mo- feparate fro»u :y fo to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer-as afore-all others, id, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities. Application id alt fuch other charges ,and expences as are diredled to be thcrc°h tid and^ payable, purfuam to an of thisprefent feffion of rliafncnt, intituled. An aSi for raifing a certain fum of money by ay of annuitiii, Qpd for ejiablifinng a lottery, '	Uefendants

XJX. Ancf be it further cnacled, That if anv perfon or per- may plead iiu Vet. XXXIV,	B	b	b	fons,	S^erai iilW,

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 54.' [(784.

Ions, bodies politick or corporate, (hall, at any time or times, be (ued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them date orexecuted in purfuance of this ad, or of any claafe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons, and bodies politick or corporate, (hall or may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then foch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LIV.

/

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign oft King William the Thirds intituled, An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols in their refpeflive counties i and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHE REAS by an aft, made in the eleventh mi twelfth years of the reign oft his late tnajefty King William the 1 * c i*4reck- ttird) (intituled, An aft to enable juftices of peace to boiW and 4 9$	*	repair	gaols in their refpeftive counties,) it is enafted, That it

JhaU. and may be lawful for the juftices ofthepeace, or the greater number of them, within the limits of their commifftons, upon projernment made by the grand jury or grand juries, at the affixes, great feffiuif, and general gaol delivery, of the infufficiemy or tnconveniency of their gad or prifm, to conclude and agree upon fuch ftm or Jims of money ss, upon examination of able and /efficient workmen, jball be thought nr eeffary for the building, finishing, or repairing a publici gad or gaols belonging to the county whereof they are juftices of the peace, and to charge fuch film or fums of money upon the feverol hundreds, or other divifions of the county; and whereas it has been found difficult to carry the faid aft into execution; whereby the gads, in many counties, divifions, ridings, cities, towns, liberties, or precinfts, have eaktmued r* a very ruinous ft ate fora confederate time, and have become prejudicial to the health of the prifoners, and infefficient for the fafe cuftedy of them; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King's mok excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-FromSept, i, lament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, TTiat, 17*4, the juf* from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand ferax tices infer- hundred and eighty*four, it ftaall and may be lawful for tbe hons,through- juft'iccs 0f peace in and for every county, riding, divifion, and Wales) cltYy town, liberty, or precin&, within England 5hd Wales, at upon prefent- their refpedfive general quarter feiSons of the peace, oc thetna-ment by the jor part of the faid juftices then and there aflembled, fuch major grand jury, part not being jn number lefs than (even, upon prefernmen:

rountygaols made ty thc grand JMry or grand Jurics* at the

to be rebuilt feflions, or general gaol delivery, held for every fuch county,

er enlarged.	riding

V -

7x0

and recover treble cofts.

Preamble.

Digitized by Google

1784.] .Anno vicefimo quarto GeoROU III. c. 54.	711

riding, divifion, city? town, liberty, or precin#, of the in. fufficiency, inconvemency, or want of repair, of any gaol belonging to fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, ' or precin#, to contract and agree with any perfon or perfons for the building, rebuilding, finifhing, repairing, or enlarging fuch gaol, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof, and adding fuch other buildings, and making fuch conveniences as (hall be adjudged requifite by the faid juftices, at a certain fum, payment, or allowance for the fame $ or for ere#ing any new gaol, upon any fcite or ground within any diftance not exceeding two miles from the fcite of the old gaol, and in that cafe for felling the old gaol, and the fcite thereof, and land thereto belonging, or any part thereof refpe#ively, and alfo the materials of the old gaol, for the beft price that can be procured for the fame ; fuch contra&or or contra#ors giving fufficient fecu-rity, for the due performance of their contracts or agreements, to the rcfpe#ive clerks of the peace for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin# aforefaid.

JL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiud, That juftices to the faid juftices of the peace, after fuch prefentment made as give pubilck aforefaid, (hall, at the next general quarter feflions to be holden n.ot*ce Pre- . for fuch county, riding, divifion* city, town, liberty, or pre- takinVpre*^ cin#, give notice, three times at leaft, in fome publick paper or fentments papers circulating in or near fuch county, riding, divifion, city, into confi-town, liberty, or precin#, of fuch prefentment having been dcr^tion>&c* made, and of their intention to take the fame into confidcrati-on at the next enfuing, or fome following general quarter feflions * and after fuch coniideration (hall have been had, the faid jufiices (hall give notice in fuch publick paper or papers as aforefaid, of their intention of contra&ing with any perfon or perfons for building, rebuilding, finilhing, repairing, qr enlarging fuck gaol, as aforefaid, and of every other matter or tiling intended to be done in confequence of fuch prefentments; and fuch contra# or contracts (hall be made and entered into at the mod reafonable rates,, and with the moft refponfible perfons; and every fuch contractor (hall give fufficient fecurity for the due performance of his contra#, to the clerk of the peace for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#; Contracts to and all contra#s when made, and all orders relating thereto, be entered m (hall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk of the peace, a book. who is hereby required to keep the fame, among the records of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#, to be infpe#ed at all fcafonable times by any of the faid juftices, or by any other perfon or perfons contributing to the rates of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#, without fee or reward.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena#ed. That it Jufticfsmay (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices of $he peace to build a new build any new gaol* in any part of the county, riding, divjfion, s^t of the city, town, liberty, or precin#, in cafe (in the prefentment county s!c B b b 2	made

Digitized by kjOOQle

7 it	Anno	vlcefimo	quarto	Georg	nIH.	c.	54. ^1784.

if the pre-	made of the inconvenience of fuch old gaol) it be expfefshtprv

tVntfncnt	fertted, that the place wherein the old gaol is fituate iyimpjo

points out the an(j that the faid gaol ought to be removed to feme other aiu>n°of thcU* Part county,^ rfding, dlvifion, city, town, liberty, or pre-M one. cinCt ; and in cafe three fourths in number of the juftkes aflein-bled at tWo fucceflive quarter feffions (notice having been given three rimes at leaft, in fome publick newfp3per circulating as aforefaid, of the time of the holding,’ and of the place to which fuch gaol is intended to Be removed) fliall approve of fuch removal, but not otherwife.

New gaols to	]V. And be it further enabled. That the kid juftices 0? the

to	pcacr> as well in the choice of the ground, as in determining

vnti apart- * upon the plans for building, rebuilding, enlarging, or altering meats.	fach gaols as aforefaid, and the yards, courts, and outlets there-

of, fhall, as far as conveniently may be, purfue fuch meafurcs, and adopt fuch plans, as (hall provide feparate and diftinft places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, in which the fc-veral prifonefs of the following descriptions refpeflively maybe confined, as well by day as by night; namely, prifoners convicted of felony ; prifoners committed on charge or fufpicionof felony; prifoners committed for, or adjudged to be guilty of, mifdcmeanors only; and debtors; the males of each cfafs to be feparated from the females ^ and a feparate place of confinement to be provided for fuch prifoners as are intended to be examined as witnefles on behalf of any profecution of any indictment for felony; and affo, feparate infirmaries, or fick wards, for the men and the women; and alfo a chapel, and convenient warm and cold baths, or bathing tubs, for the ale of the prifoners, in fuch manner as is directed by an aftmadein 14 Geo. 3. c. the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent^Majefty, intiru-59‘	led, An att for preferving the health of prifoners in gad, cni in-

venting the gaol dijlemper; and care to be taken that thcprilbn-ers (hall not be kept in any apartments under ground. '

V. And whereas the gaols within and belonging to fn%eral (suniiti, ridings, divifons, cities, roums, liberties, and precinth, end tit yards, courts, and outlets thereof.\ are very final!, cl ft, and csnfiud and fuch gaols are thereby rendered very unhealthy, from the impcfr biVvy of accommodating the unhappy per fans confined therein with ; fuffiiicnt fupply of frejh air, water, and other necejjhry e&venimti] juftiees may be it enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That the faid jufticcs Unds^h* f (a^er preferment made as aforefaid) (hall have full povyerand &c. toren-C** authority tO'purchafe any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, Urging and hereditaments, ways, waters, and watercourfes, for tlie purpofc accom.nouat- of building, enlarging, and accomodating fuch gaols ; and to inggaoU. direCt the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditament, eafements, and privileges, which (half have been fo purchakd as aforefaid, to be conveyed to fuch perfon or perfons is the faid juftices (hall rhink fit, in truft and For the tjfes and puryofes aforefaid ; and fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when inclofed and added thereto, (hall be deem-

Digitized by Google

Anno viccGmo quarto GeoRgii III. c. 54*	71$

ed and token to be a part of fuch gaols, and to be part of fuch county^ riding, division, city, town, liberty, cr precinct, where fuch gaol is fituated, to all intents and purpofes whatfoevcr.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Prifoners may

TKat. when ever the faid juftices of the peace, in their faid ge-	Ud-

neral quarter feflions aflembled, (hall deem it neceflary that the a*ne^ felons, debtors, and other prisoners, (hall be removed, cither gaol, or re-for the purpofe of repairing their old gaol, or ufiog the materi- pairing the als thereof in building a new ^aol, on giving fufficient notice to °Won*.

the (heriff of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, qt precin#, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid (heriff to re-	%

move fuch felons, debtors, and other prifoners to the houfe or houfes of correftion belonging to fuch county, riding, divifion,	1

city, tow,n, liberty, or precin#, or fuch other place or places of confinement as the faid juftices fo aflembled as aforefaid, with the conlenf of the faid theriff, fhall approve of, and to confine them there during the time fuch new gaol (hall be building?, or old gaol repairing or enlarging*, and that when fuch gaol lhall be made fit for the reception and fafe keeping of fuch felons, tlefitors, and other prifoners, then it lhall be lawful for the faid fhetiff to remove thither all fuch felons, debtors, and other prifoners as (hall then be in his cuftody ; and the expcnce of fuch removal or removals to and from fuch place or places of confinement, and the expence which may be incurred by the faid iheriff on account of the fafe cuftody of fuch prifoners in fuch boufeof correction, or other place or places, lhall be allowed and paid by fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty,	*

or predin# ; and fuch removal or removals as aforefaid fhall „otto^ova nQt.he deemed or taken to be an efcape; provided, that nothing deemed an herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to dil- efcape charge the (heriff or gaoler from being anfwerable for the a#u4 efcape of any prifoner in his cuftody.

VII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Quarter ftfl»-That the juftices of the peace, in their refpeCtive general quar- may aP • ter feffions aflembled, are hereby authorized to nominate and

appoint one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of and for coonty gaols, their rcfpeCtive counties, ridings, divifions, cities, towns, liber- ami to report, ties, or prccinCls, to vifit and fuperintend the gaols thereunto tjj* belonging, and from time to time to make a report of the ftate thereof to the court of the laid general quarter feflions ; which court is hereby authorized, upon fuch report, to order and dire# any fum or ftims of money, not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds in any one year, to lie laid out upon the repair or repairs of fuch gaols, as thejf fhall deem requifite, (not-withftanding fuch want of repair (hall not have been prefented by the grand jury or grand juries, at the aflizes, great feflions, pr general gaol delivery, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#, as aforefaid)'; and if it (hall at any Accidental time happen that the faid gaols, or any of them, by any breach damages m y being made in-the fame, from attempts of prifoners to efcape, order^ota by •jr QuVer cafualtics or accidents, (hall be rendered unfafe for-the juftjcc,

B bb 3	cuftody

Digitized by Google

7*4

Expenc?* of rebuilding or repairing county gaols, bow to be defrayed.

11 Geo. «. c.

Anno viceGmo quarto Gso&aii HI* o. 54;	f 1 ffy.

cuftody of the prifoners therein confined, between the fiscal times of holding the general quarter feffioas, it fhall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices for fuch coun* ty, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precind, to order the damages occafioned thereby to be itpmedi^fely fo far repaired as may be oeceflary and fufikient for the fafe cuftody of fodi prifoners; and fuch juftice or juftices (hall report the fame to the next couit of general quarter Ceflions to be holdea for fuch* county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precind, which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of fuch fins or fums of money as (hall have been necefiarily expended in fuch reparation or reparations as aforcfaid.

VIII.	And, in order to defray the expends of buildings rebutii* ing, finijbingi repairings or enlarging fuch gaols s and the yards, courts, and outlets thereto belonging as aforefaid, and of purebufmg houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, orpri-vileges, and*ctber the expenses necejfary for the execution of this cQ; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes where fuch gaols are repaired at the expetice of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precind, 10 which the fame belong, the juftices of the t>cace, at their general quarter, fefiions, may and (hall caufe fuch fum9 of money* as (hall be neceflary for all or any of the purpofes aforefaid, to be raifed in the fame manner as rates are di reded to. be raifed by two ads made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the

*9, ijGto. 2. reign of his Jate majefty King George the Second, for the more c‘I?*	eajy affejfmgs collectings and levying of county rates. .

IX.	And whereas the expenses of buildings rebuilding, enlarging* or removing and fitting up gaols, may in feme cafes become very >*r-thenfome on the occupiers of land, and other the contributors to the county rates, in cafe the faid expenses Jhould be raifed in the manner herein'before. mentioned; be it therefore enaded, That wheo it (hall appear that the amount of any eftimate approved by the

iur uu.iuiu juftices for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing enlarcing"&c. and fitting up any gaol or gaols, upder the powers of this ad, (hall be very (hall exceed one half of the amount of the ordinary annual afieff* high, the juf* ment for t|)C county rate for any county, riding, diviuoa, city, rn^y morr^ge town> fiberty* or precind, (fuch ordinary afleffment to be taken the rates, &c. on a mean proportion of the faid rate for the laft five years preceding), that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may b* lawful for the juftices of the peace, within the refpedive limits of their commiflions, fo aflembled in their quarter felfions as aforefaid, from time to time to borrow and take up, on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by inftrutnents in the form contained in the fcbedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like effed, any futns not lefs than fifty pounds, nor exceeding *>ae hundred pounds each, at legal or lower intereft, as tp them, or the major part of them, (luch major part not being lefs than five), (hall appear neceflary and expedient for the purpofes aforefaid; and to fecure all and every fucK fum and futns of money fo borrowed, upon the credit of the rates to be raifed

upon

When the amount of any eftimate for building,

Digitized by Google

z 784.]'! Anno vicefimo quarto Gbor«U III. C; 54.'	715'

upon firth county, riding, divifion, city* town, liberty, and prectrtA refpeAively ; and the (aid juftlces foafiembled as afore* laid, are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any perfon or perform for the loan of any fuch fum or fums of money, and by their order to confirm and eftablifh every fuch agreement as Agreements . aforefaid; and every fuch agreement fo eftabHfhed by fuch or- by °rdcr erf the der, and figned by the chairman and two or more juftices pre- Jby the#chSr-fent at the time of making fuch order, (hall be, and the fame man, See. . "" is hereby declared to be effeAual for fecuring to the perfon or tobe aneffec* . perfons fo advancing any fum or fums of money, his, her, or tua* fecurity. their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, all and every fuch fum or fums of money, with intereft for the fame, on fuch terms as in and by fuch agreement or agreements refpeAively fhall be for that purpofe ftipulatcd ; and copies or extraAs of ail fuch agreements or fecurities (hall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the cuftody of the re-cords of the quarter feffions of fuch county riding, divifion, city, fown, liberty, or precinA refpeAivcly 5 and all and every perfon and perfons to whom any fuch fecurity or fecurities (hall be made, or who (hall be entitled to the money thereby fecur-edj is and are hereby impowered (by indorfing his, her, or their name or names on the back of fuch fecurity or fecurities) Securities may to transfer and affign the fame, and his, her, or their right to be^transfer-the principal money and intereft thereby fecured, unto any rcd# perfon or perfons; and every fuch affignee may in like manner transfer the fame again, and fo toties quoiies; and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch fecurity or fecurities, or any fuch aflign-,ment thereof, (hall be made, and his or their refpeAive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall be creditors upon the faid rates in an equal degree one.with another, and (hall not have any preference with refpeA to the priority of. any monies io advanced.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That the faid juftices are 1*0 whatex-hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the rates rfnt the iuf* to -be raifed upon fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, chargTtL liberty, or precinA, with the intereft of the money fo borrowed county rates, on fuch fecurities, but alfo with the payment of a further fum, equal at Jeaft to the fum fo charged for the intereft of fuch fecurities; which faid fums (halt be afiefied on fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precinA, in fuch manner as county rates are direAed to be aflefled by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direAion of the faid juftices, in difeharge of the intereft, and of fo many of the principal fums on the faid fecurities as fuch money will extend to difeharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which fiiCh fecurities (hall be made, and the intereft thereof, ihall be fully paid and difcharged ; and the faid juftices are repaired to fix one or more day or days in each year, on which iuch payment (hall be made, and (hall make orders for afleff-ments m due time, fo as to provide for the regular payment A regular ac* thereof5 and they are hereby required to appoint a proper per- ^tcrccTiaa

B b b 4	fon

Digitized by Google

%\6	Anna	vicefi*rK>quaitD<xEO^

hook of *Ur«- fon 1q keep an exadk and regular account ofaM the rectapw* ia^menta un- g’ft^	u*der	die	auttwriiy	of	thi*	<a	boofcnoc

dtrtliUaQ* books, feparatc-and,apart from ail other accoami, and tb * fame to adjuft and feule in foch manner that it^msiy eafilybe / faen what intcreft is growing due, and what principal money has been difcharged, and what remains due ; . and the faidhoek Or books fo adjufted and fettled, to dulirer into court ateverjp general or quarter feJCoot to be held for any fuch^ .county, which (hall he riding, civilian, city, town, liberty, or precin& * zmftfceind impeded by juiiices aye required, at every fuch feflions, carefuljyttrinfpetk every ^ feffioni luch accounts, and make orders for carrying the feveraipur-4c. y 9 pofe$ of this aci into execution, in fuch manner as to thcor-thaii kern meet; and if at any time it (hail appearto die faid jmi-ttces, that the perfon fo appointed has neglected the ibid ureter, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the moneyriohis hands to the purpofes hereby dire&cd, fuch perfon Jfr?4i forfeit double the amount of the money which ihali not have keen applied to the purpofes of this ad; andrthe faid judices, fa affembled in feffion as aforefaid, (hall direft in what order fuck fecurities (hall be thfeharged, by drawing Jots, or otherwife^as vthey (hall, think fit,’ hrft difeharging all fuch securities which (frail bear the higheft interefh	:	v:r

Money bor- - XI. Provided always, and be it further enadted* That the [h'u aaTo be ju^ices the peace,, in their relpecfivc quarter feffion*, (hath paid withm a and they ate hereby required to make provifians by meanrrtf touted time, the rates (which they are hereby authorized to tnakc),~aod by * their erders and dire&ioos (which they are hereby authorised to give), in fuch manner, that the whole money to be borrow-, ed under the authority of tins a<ft (had be fully paid* and tid-charged, within a time to be, limited, not exceeding fourteen years (ropi the time of borrowing' the fame.

Bodies poli- XU. And be it further eaa&ed, That it (lull and may. be f«n*ai^con-^ hwful tor the King's mod excellent majefty, hts heirs wad. foe* yeylands, &c. ceflors, aud forabodies politick and corporate, and aitofar *	all guardians, committees, hufbands, truiiees, and zttomw,

of any perfon or perfons being? infants, lunatrcks, idiots**mdc* (overture, or any other difabihry, and slfo foratt other perfons who are or (hall be feifed, polfefled of, or interefted in; any froufesv buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafementt,

. or privileges, \vhich (hall bp deemed neee(Tary for the purpofes *>f this gcJ, to ccfutraiSk or agree for, and to fell, convey, and a fibre fuch houfes, buildings, landsr «teheinealt hereditaaienis, eafenents, and privileges, unto (uch perfon or perfoes asfbaU be named by the juftices, in trufl, and for the purpofe of eieding new gaols, or enlarging theoki gaols* and the yards, (ourts, and outlets thereunto belonging ; and ail fuch controls, agreements, foies, conveyances, and afluranefcs, (hall be valid qnd cffcdlqal in law, to, all intents and purpofes whatfoover* any law, (latute, ufage, or cuftom, to the totttrary notwftfc* Purclnfe mo- ftanding,	......

exceed- XIII. And be it further eq*<9ed, That aH fuou of akXjPf

< >.

Digitized by

Google

i-7«4.f Atoa<Pv^efi«e^t)*rtot5ioIl<Sli III. <f.54. which ihafl1 bd agreed to *e ^aid t& atty corporation, guardian; «*£ tbo). to cotrinmtee^r|iMitand, ' troftee, 'WP aHorney, for or on behalf of	^

any Infants, Itmaiicks, idiots, femes coverr,.$r ceftuique truft, |Part(J,# &Cr prto my other perfon or perfon* whofe houfcs, buildings, lands, fubjeft to the tenements; hereriitarmrtts, eafements, and privileges, Ihall be fame uffcs. See, banted in Arid fcttlentent, for the pufchafe of any fuch lands, tenementse, and hereditaments, (hall, in cafe fuch fumS of money (halhexceed. the fum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by . _ fach corporations, guardians, committees, huibands, truftees, or qttorraes, or any perfon or perfons feifed of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or pri-tileges; fo limited in drill fettlement, as foon as conveniently may be; in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee Ample, to be conveyed to or to the ufe of fuch corporations, guardians, committees, huibands, truftecs, or attoranes, and to and for fuch perfon or perfons, and for fuch eftate and eftates, and to, for, and upon, and fubjelt to fuch ufes, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houfesj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, for and in refpell whereof fuch purchafe money Ihall be paid as aforefaid, (hall be limited; fettled, and allured, at the time fuch purchafe or contrail (hall be made in manner afore-feid, or fuch as (hall then be capable of taking effelt; the charges of fiich conveyances and fettlements to be paid in the feme manner as the other expences relating to the gaol; and And until wtthe mean time, and till fuch purchafe or purchafes (hall be fuch purchafe# made, fuch money, whether the fame Ihall or (hall not exceed ar* the (urn of one hundred pounds, Ihall be laid out by fuch cor- u^out in go* potations, or other perfoos for the time being irtterefted therein, vernmenuc-uvfbme government fecurities, in the names of two perfons^ curitiei* one to be nominated by the party or parties for the time being imerefled therein, and the other by the juftices aforefaid; and the intereft anting from fuch fecurities (hall he paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpeltively as would have been entitled to the.rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, caiements, and privileges, in cafe the lame hard not been fold, or tboedd for the time being be entitled to the tents and pro* fits of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be pur-chafed, in cafe the feme were purchafed and fettled as aforefeid.

XIV.	And be it further enalied, That if any fuch corpora- If the parties lions, guardians, committees, huibands, truftees, and attor-^u^ctolrcatt lues, or any perion. or perfons for the tilde being interefted in &c# any fuch boufe*, buildings, lands, tenements; hereditaments, ealemepta, or privileges, which (hall be deemed necelfary for the purpofefs of building or enlarging any fuch gaol, and other the purpoferof this all, upon notice In writing to him, her, or them, given, or left at the houfe or houfes, or other place or places of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, 6rof the principal officer or officers of any foch corporation, Ihall, for the fpace of twenty-one days after fuch notice fo given or left as aforefaid^ fecgleA pr refttfe to treat, or (ball refufe to accept fucb price as

’s* '•* '*	ftlMj

Digitized by Google

71?	<Anno	viccfimoquarto Grorgii I1L c.54/ [1784.

(hall be offered by. the juftices or (heir agent, or (hall othenrifc not agree for the fale of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tene-meats, hereditaments, eafemenrs, or privileges, or if, by redbn of abfence or incapacity, they (hall be prevented from treating for fuch fale, then, and in every fuch cafe, the jufticcs of the peace, at their general or quarter fellions, or any two or more the value to of them appointed for that purpofe, (hall caufe the value of be afeertamed fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, cafe-by a jury, mcnts, and privileges, to be enquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, diviftoo, city, town, liberty, or precinft, wherein the fame thall be fituatedj and to that end (hall Summon and oall before fuch jury, and examine upon oath ( which oath any one or more of fuch justices of the peace is and are hereby impowered to administer) any perfon or perfon s whomfoever j and fuch juftices of the peace, or any (wo of them, (hall, by ordering a view, or other-wife, ufe all ways and means for the information of themfchres and of fuch jury in the premifes ; and when fadi jury (hail have enquired of and ascertained the value of fuch houfes, build* ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and priii-legcs, the faid juftices of (he peace (hall thereupon order that the fora or fums whiph (hall fo appear to be the value of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, (hall be paid in fuch manner as is herem-betorc directed touching the money to be paid for fuch houfes, busings. lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, for tale whereof the perfon or perfons mterefted (hall contract ▼erdift of and agree in manner aforefaid j which verdi& or ii^uifiboo, &c«tobc and order, (hall be fifed of recast! by the clerk of the peace, or other officer having the cuftody of the records of the laid corn-ty, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or predndt,and (hallba final and conclusive to all intents aod purpofes whatfoever, againft all parries and perfon a whomsoever claiming, or to claim, in poffeflion, remainder, reverfion, or otherwife, tbefe heirs and fucceffors, as well abfent as prefent, infants, tana-ticks, idiots, and perfbns under coverture, or any other disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, hot* bands, truftce?, and auornres, or any other perfon or perfeos whom foevcr.

XV.	And<> far the fummmng and nturning fmb juritj, be it further enacted, That fuch juftices of the peace, or any tvs of them, may iffue their warrant or warrants to the (henffor bailiff of any particular county, riding, divifion,xity, town, liberty, or precindf, within the limits of which the houfes, build* 1 ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, j (hall be fituated, requiring him to impannel, furnmon, and return an indifferent jury of twentv-four perfoos, qsoii&d w ferve on juries, to appear before the (aid juftices or any two of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrantor wamntf (hall be appointed ; and fuch (heriff or bailiff is and ace hereby required to impannel, furnmon, and mum fiich number of'

perfoos

How the jury (hall be fum-atoned.

Digitized by Google

784*] Annd vicefimo quarto GeoRg 11 III. c. 54.	719,

erfonsaccordingly, and, out of the perfons fo impanelled, fum-loned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear poa fuch futnmons, the juftices of the'peace, or any two of lem, (hall,' and they are hereby impowered and required to raw by ballot, and to fwear or caufe to be fworn, twelve men,

'hb (hall* be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid; and, in de-

urit of a fufficient number of jurymen fo returned, the faid

rcriff or bailiff fhall take fuch other honed and indifferent men

f the by-fanders, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend

bat fcrvice, to make up the rtumbefr twelve; and all perfons" Jurymen may

oncerned (hall have their lawful challenges againft any of thet be challenged.

lid jurymen When they come to be fworn : and the faid juftices juftices may

f the peace, or any two of them, (hall have power from time fine the (he-

3 time to impofe a fine or fines on fuch (heriff or bailiff, or his riff, baihff.&c,

eputy or deputies, making default in the premifes, and on any	C~

•f the perfons who (hall be fammoned and returned on fuch jury, nd who (hall not appear, or, appearing, (hall refufe to be worn on the faid jury, or, being fworn, lhall refufe to give, or hall not give a verdidt, or (hall in any other manner wilfully iegle<ft his or their duty therein 5 and alfo on any perfon who, ring fummoned and required to give evidence before the faid jry, (hall refufe or negledt to appear, or, appearing, (hall re-ufe to be fworn or to give evidence, fo that no fuch fine be nore than ten pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, on nyone perfon for one offence.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any jury (hall Expences of ;ive in and deliver a verdid for mote money, as the value of Jury»&c- how jch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafe- t°bcdefrayed. rtents, or privileges, fo to be purchafed, than what (hall have

>een offered for the purchafe thereof by the faid juftices of the feacfc, or cheir agent, to any perfon capable of contracting for he fame, the cofts and expences of fummoning and maintain-ng the jury and witneffes (hall be borne and paid out of the ame fund as the expences of the buildings to be creded therein; but if fuch jury (hall give in and deliver a verdiCt for no nore, or for hrfs money, than the money which (hall have been a offered by fuch juftices of the peace, or their agent, then the v ofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid jury nd witneffes fhall be borne and paid by the perlon or perfons nth whom fuch controverfy or difpute, touching the value of ach houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafe-nents, or privileges, (hall arife.

XVII.	And be it further ena<51ed. That/ upon payment of On payment be money fo ordered to be paid, for the purchafe of fuch houfes, of purchafe uildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or pri-

ileges, or (upon refufal or inability to receive the fame) leav- juftices may ng the fame in the hands of fuch perfon as the juftices in their take poffeflion [uarter feflions (hall appoint, for the ufe of the party or parties thereof, ititled thereto; or in cafe of the faid party or parties not being 0 be found, then, upon notice to be publifhed in fome paper ir papers circulating in or near the (aid county, riding, divifion,

city.

Digitized by L,ooQle

fto

divided into feveral rid-

ingh

Anno viptfimo quarto Qeor^ii -IIL c.	j^i 7$*«

city, town, liberty or precindt, where fuchgaoj is to he tuilt or enlarged, of the payment or inveftmerit of Inch putchifc mbney, the faid. lands, tenements, hereditaments, ^^etoavs,, ,	and	privileges	fo	purchafed,	(hall	veft'fn	the perfoa Or^!er(aiu

1;	who (hall be authorifed to take and hold the fame by yxrrifc cf

V	this 2&9 for the purpofes aforefaid; and it (hall be lawfolfot

- >	*	the	fa\d juftices, or any two of them, their workmen or aggats;

tp enter upon and take pofleffion of, and make u(e of (bcb houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments* eafetneot>, artd privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all facii

Serfbns and parties who were the'owners or occupiers thereof, lall be deeded of all t ight and title in and to the fame, ard every part thereof.	‘

XVIII.	And whereas, in feveral counties in England, there m fiveral and fijlinfl commxffions of jufiices of the peace for the ffvcri ridings or divifions into which Juch counties are divided,, and feverd and difiinll courts of fejjions of the peace are holden for each of fine ridings or divifions refpefliveiy9 and in fuch counties there are net am courts of general or quarter fcjftons holden for the whole count] ct Claoferelative large; be it therefore cna&ed, That in all fuch counties as afore-tothoje coun- fa*,^ it (hall and may be.lawful for the juftices of the peace in ties which are ^n(j for fuch Several ridings or divifions refpedlivcly, arid they are hereby required, at the general quarter feflions which (hall beholden next after fuch preferment of the gaol fhatttiave been made as aforelaid, to nominate and appoint three or wor$ Juftices of the peace in and for fuch riding or divifion for whkh fuch general quarter feflibns (hall be holden, which faid juftices of the peace, fo nominated and appointed by each of focb ridings or divifions, are hereby authorized and required, within one Calendar month after fuch nomination and appointment as aforefaid, (due notice thereof having been previcrufly given ta fuch juftices, by the clerk of the peace of fuch dtvifibns rdpec-lively), to meet and AfTemble at fuch gaol which (hall hive been fo prefented as aforefaid; and the (aid juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, then there aflembled, (fuch major part not being kfs than five in number), (ball hold a fpecial jeflion; at the faid gaol, for the purpofc of receiving plans, and ctrn-tradling for the building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering, fuch gaol, and the yards, courts and outlets thereto belonging, under the like reflridtions, and fubjedk to the like regulations, as are herein* before by this a<5t made and provided for fuch counties as are not divided into fuch ridings or divifions, in manner as aforefaid ; and the faid la ft-meat toned juftices of the peace (hall make their report to the general quarter fiflions of the peace of fuch ridings or divifions refpedtrvely, cf the feveral plans, eftimates, and contrails, which (halt 1mt been made and entered into in manner aforefaid, and alfor a report of the fum or fums of money neceflary to be Caifcd and levied on each riding or divifion, as their quota of proportion cf the expence to be incurred on the feveral accounts aforefaM; jyhich faid fum or fums of money (hall be railed and levied on

ized.by LjOOQle

784.I	Anma vktffimb quarto GeoRGII III. c. 5'4«	1il

ach tiding ordfyifion, in like manner as county rates are now aifed ^ndJcvied.	r

.XiJC Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That no Nojuftieca#-jfticeuof jbe peace who (hal), under the authority of this a#, in* under thia o.any matter pr thing in the execution hereof, (hall be capable	inanr

f, having any beneficial intereft or concern whatfoerery either coatra#) IceT 1 histovyn name, or in the name of any other perfon in truft if him* tp any contra# or agreement to be made under the uthorijy of this a#, or (hall, for any defiga or plan he may eliyQr or produce, receive any benefit or emolument whatever*	.	•	<	♦

XX.	And whereas the preventing gaolers from felling any liquors, r deriving fifty profit from the Jale of liquors, may be a great means f preventing drunkennefs, riots, and other dxforders in gaols, and of referving good order therein; and it may be proper to give fufficient wuer and authority to the jujlices of the peace in their fefjions, in ertain cafes, to allow falaries to gaolers, in lieu of the profits which ire now derived from the fale of liquors; be it therefore cna#ed,

Thaf, from and after the faid firft day of September, one thou- From Star,

and feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall and may be lawful Juftices,

Of the juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion,

nfy, town, liberty,^ or precin#, within that part of Great Bri~ gaoler*, in

\oin called England, or the principality of (Vales, at the general fieu of profit*

juarter felons of the peace, or forae fpecial adjournment of

lie fame* held for fuch exprefs purppfe, and they are hereby [• ®ors#

tuthorized and impowered, if it (hall appear to them neceflary

>r proper, to appoint fuch falaries or allowances to fuch gaolers

tnd their affiftants, in the feveral gaols within their refpe#ive

urifdi#ions, and to vary the fame, from time tp time, as to

hem (hall feem meet; and to order and dire# the faid falaries County tics*

md allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the trea- farer to pay

hirer of fucb county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or the falaric,#

precin#, upon a certificate, figned by the chairman of fuch

quarter feflions, fpecifyixig the falaries and allowances fo dire#ed

to be made.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That it (hall not Chairman of De lawful for any chairman of any quarter feflions or adjourn- the Mien* mept thereof, to fign fuch certificate for fuch falaries or allow-

anccs to be granted under this a#, unlcfs fuch falaries or allow- an^fuc^piw-wces (hall have been fettled at fome general quarter feflions of m/nt, unleu :he peace, or fome fpecial adjournment thereof, and notice lhall the Hilaries lave been given fourteen days at leaft before the holding fuch h*veheenieu 'eneral quarter feflions, or fuch adjournment thereof, by two ncrafq^fter everal advertifements inferted in (ome newfpaper printed and feflioiu, &€• arculated iq the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty,

>r precin#, in which fuch gaols are fituated, and where foch fa-aries or allowances are to be granted to the gaolers, of an in-ended application for the granting fuch falaries or allowances ;

■vhiclv faid advertifements (hall be figned by the clerk of the jeace of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#, or his deputy, for the time being.

XXU. And

Digitized by Google

Anno viccfimo quarto GeorgiiIII. C.fy. [178^. From Jane 14, XX!I. And be it further cna&ed, That, frSm and after At clofer to fuf- twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ra tippling " eighty-five, no gaoler, or any perfon or perfons in truft for cr hr gaming, employed by fuch gaoler, "(hall fuffer tippling or gaming in fuch or to fell u- prifon; or (nail fell or difpofe of, or permit or fuffer to be fold lot^^fon^ or ^ifpofed °f> or be capable of being llcenfed to fell or dipole * of, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors; or have any beneficial intereft or concern whatfoever in the fale or difpofal of any liquors of any kind, or in any tap-houfe, tap-room, or tap, on penalty of under the penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offence, to be 101. to be re- recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and cbai-diitref«d by te^s’ warrant uncJer the hands and feals of any two juftics of the peace afting for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, ot prccinS, within which fuch gaol is fituated, (which warrant fuch juffices are hereby required to grant), upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any witnefs or witnefles, upon oath, (which oath fuch juflico Application are hereby impowered to adminifter); and the laid pen alt), thereof. after the charges of recovering the fame (hall be deduced, dull be paid one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to On failure of the ufe of the prifoners confined within fuch gaol j and in cas diftrefs, the fufiicient diftrefs cannot be found, then it (hall be lawful fa offender may fuch	to commit fuch offender or offenders to the hoof:

comma c . ^ conrC(c^jon for thc county or place where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, fa any time not exceeding three calendar months, unlefs fuch penalty, and all reafonable charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

Howjuftice* XXIII. Aqfl be it further enadted. That all juftices of the to proceed for peace before whom any perfon (hall be convi&ed of any offence offenders? aSa,n^ a&» (hall an<* may cau^e the conviction to be drawn ' pp in the following form, or to the like effed; that is to (ay,

Form of con- County. \ I>E it remembered, That on tht	jajif

viaion.	&c*	Q*	J	"	•	in	the	year if iti

reign of his Majejly	A, B. is	csnvizd

before	»f	his	Afajeffsjujhuuj

the peace for the /aid county, or riding, divifrn, city, tm, Jiberty, or pfecinft^ [as the cafe (hall be], by virtue civ aft of parliament made in the twenty fourth year ef ttt reign of bis majejly King George the Third, iniituL*,

5 here fet forth the title of the ad, and fpecify (he or* ence, and the time and place wh$n and where the fame was committed.]

Limitation of adions*

X

Given under our bands and feals, the day and year oforeJaL

XXIV*. And be it further enacted, That if any aflion or fat (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch aflion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar •	months

Digitized by

Google

1784.) Aftno vicefimo quarto Georcii III. c. 54*	725

mbnfhs next after the fait committed, apd not afterwards; and

fhalt be laid and brought in the county or place where the caufc

of adion (hall arife, and not elfewhere $ and the defendant or

defendants in fuch action or fuit (hall and may plead the gene* General ilfue.

ral iffue, and give this ad and.the ipecial matter in evidence at

any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pur*

fuance and by the authority of thi j ad j and if it (hall appear

to have been fo done, or if any adion or fuit (hall be brought

after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be

brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then

and in fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defen*

dants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or

fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their action or fuit, after

the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if a verdid

(hall pafs againft the plaintiff pr plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer

or otherwiie,. judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or

plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods. Treble cofts.

and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant hath

for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall be Publick ad. deemed and taken to be a publick ad; and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, (hall take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

The SCHEDULE herein-before referred to.

FORM of mortgage and charge upon the county rates for fecuring the money borrowed.

Tr/~E A. B. fine of his Majeftfs juftices of the peace, and chair-V* man of the court of quarter fejftons of the peace for the county,

6fc. of	(as the cafe (hall be), holden

at	the	day	of

C- D. and E. F. efquires% two other of his Majeftyfs juftices of the peace a fling for the faid county, &c. and ajfembled in the faid court* in purfuance of the powers to us given by an at1 pajfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, inti-tuledj &c. [infert the title of the ad] do hereby, in open courts mortgage and charge all the rates to be raifed within the faid county,

&c. (as the cafe (hall be), under the description of county rates, by the laws now in beings with the payment of the fum of which G. H. of	hath propofed and agreed t$

lend, and hath now aflually advanced and paid towards defraying the expences of building, repairing, &c. (as the cafe (hall be), the gaol for the faid county, &r. And we do hereby; confirm and eftablijb the fame unto the faid G. H. bis executoraditiinijlrators, and ajftgnst for fecuring the repayment of the faid fum of and intereft for the famey after the rate of	per

centum per annum; and do order the treafurer for fuch county, or other per/on, (as the cafe (hall be),-to pay the	"of

the

7*4

FrcamWe.

Kerital of it Geo. j. c. 64.

Anno vicefitno quarto GiOR«xr III.	55-

ri* [aid fum of	half-yearly 9	ftt lit /Stop

/ta# become duty until tit principal JbaH he wf(barged poerfaOmts the direftions of the faid aft.

C A P. LV.

An aft to explain and amend an at7, made in tbi ttOcmiy-fecend jo& of the reign of bis prefent Mapjh, intituled* An mA for th# . amending and rendering more dre&tul the laws in being ft-lativc to houfes of corrc&ion.

WH E REAS by an at1* pajfed in the twenty-feeani poor of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, intituled, An m& for the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being iris* titfe to houfes of correftion; reciting, amongft other things* Thai in many counties the boufls of cor reft ion were insufficient in smmber or deficient in buildings and the apartments in them were very ULac* commodatsd to the purpofes for which they were intended* by means whereofy and from a want of due order , employment, and di/ciphn in fucb houfes of correftiony the perfons fent thither for correftkmami reformation frequently grew more dtjfolute and abandoned during these continuance in fucb houfes, it was enafted% That the jstfiices ef pence in every county* ridingy divifion, cityy libertyy and precin&% wUbrn England and Wales, pt their refpeftive quarter feffions of the pence* to be holden next after Midfummer from the time of paffing tie find afty fbould* and they were thereby t eauifed to nominate one -ar yean fufiice or jufiices of the peacey^witbinjbeir refpeftive juriJUftimSy divifionSy or diflrifts* whom they fbould think mofi proper* te car* mine and infpeft the feveral houfes of correction within the fames and the jufiice or jufiices fo to be nominated were required emrofaSy and diligently to infpeft the fame with all convenient [peed\ and rf port bis or their opinion to the jufiices of their refpeftive jnrifdiftbottt at the Michaelmas quarter feffions then next follmuingy (as Co the fiate and condition thereof \ and the increafe of number* or additions or alterations which they might judge neuffary to make them mote convenient and uftfuly having regard to the clojfing of the fcvoral perfons who fbould be kept tberey according to the nature of Chcir cremes and pumjhmentSy and to the providing proper places for the employment of fuch perfons who were committed to hard labour* a sod to tbs keeping every part, of fuch prifons clean and who/efome; and the find jufiice or jufiices fo to be nominatedwere thereby required to employ proper and fkilful perfons to make plans and eflimates of new build-ingSy or the additions or alterations which he or they fbould think ue* ceffary in the prefent buildings* to make them anfwer the feveuAtmr* pofis of the Jaii aft \ which planSy together with the report of the faid jufiice or jufiices, were to be laid before the court at the /aid Michaelmas quarter fiffions; or ify from any difficulties or accidents, fuch reports fbould not happen So he made at that feffions* thorny ami sn that cafe* the fame fbould be made at or before the Epjpbaaj quarter feffions then next following); which court was thereby authorized and required to confider the fame, and if they approved fack

phts*

O

Digitized by

Google

j^4 3 Anw> vSttfiu»4oarto Gbobgii III, c. 55.	309

IK** they might adjbum the quarter fejfions to a fkrtbar day, far ✓

/MU >r^6«i tnchemd to undertake fab work, qf bich aue notice jbcadd be pukli/bed, and them io cautrad with fab rfons whom theyfboodd think moji proper to do the fane; or if they (approved fucb plans or qfimatesi todirtd fab others to be made they fbctdd think fit, and adjourn their quarter fejfions to feme rther fay, to receive fitch new plans and efeimam, and atfo pro-fdls from ptrfous inclined to undertake the work% and the jufaes, fettling andadjujting fitch plans, were thereby required to provide ter ate apartments for all perfons committed upon charges offelony , convidedpf any theft or larceny, and committed to the houfe of cor-Aim for punifiment by bard labour, under or by virtue of the laws being, iu order to prevent any communication between them and e other prifoners; and aife ‘proper apartments, covered or open as ' mid be found mqfi convenient, for employing the Jeveral perfons bo were to be kept to bard labour; and they were alfo to provide terate apartments, in each divifton of the [aid houfe of correction, r the women who jbauld be committed thither; and the fetid jufticos, their general quarter fejfions, were thereby impowered, from time time, upon any fah report to them made, to make fetch order there* ion at to them Jhouli feemjuft,-and the nature of the cafe m;ght re-tin : and whereas the jufeices qf the peace, within many of the fad rifeti&tens, have omitted to make fetch nomination, and it caufe the ceffitfy examinations, tnfpedions, and proceedings to be made within e times preferibed by the fad ad, whereby the whokfome regulars, and the benefit intended by the fad ad, will be hjfl to the pub-ik within fetch jurifdidions, unlefe further time be given for that \rpo(o} for remedy whereof, be it cnadted by the King’s moft (ceflent majefty, by end with the advice and confent of thft rdsfptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelim par* ament afletabled, and by the authority of the fame, That it Juftlcei who laN and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace for any >unty, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or precinft, within Eng- tj£ftlteofth. nd and Wales, who have omitted to examine and infpedfc into houfes of cor* le ftate of the houfes of corrcdUon within their refpe^tive IU region mxhm itts, and to proceed in repairing, altering, and regulating the the,r me, according to the directions and intention of the faid re- fh^direJIiona ted adt, to enquire into, examine, infpedt, and fully toexe- of the recited ateand enforce the fame, at the next or any fubfequent quarter a£t, may do flion of the peace to be holden after the pafling of this adt, as it.andexecute illy and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as they could {Je^extquar-r might have done if they had proceeded therein at the quarter ter fcflion, fa", :(liens held next after Midfummer, Michaelmas, or Chrifemas, ooi the time of pafling the feid adt; any thing therein, or irv ny other odt, contained to the contrary thereof in aoy-wife not^

/ithftandittg.

■II. And whereas the exporters of building, rebuilding, enlarging, . r removing and fatting up houfes of corredton, may in fome cafes be-omrVery butthenfome on the occupiers of land, and other the cont.ri-utots to 'the county rates, in cafe the fad expences fhould be rtiifed n the manner berein-before mentioned; be therefore enacted, '

Vot. XXXIV.	C c e	That	*

Google

*•	6	Anno viccfimo qtftrtQ Georoii III. c. 55.

.Wb<pn.tht That where at (kail appear that the amount of any eftimate, an°UOrnate aPPf°V€c* by the juftices, for the building, rcbfjii^ihg, <nJa^-forbuUd?tg! *ng* or amoving, and fitting up any houfeor Jioufes of tix-cnlarging»l:c. region, under the powers of tlus a<ft, fhallexceed one half^ ihall be very the amount of the ordinary annual affeflin$nt for the couptyjytc *uftue»^\C fef. ^°r any' county, riding, divi/109, city, town, liberty,. or pre-fionmaymort-	(fach	ordinary	affefiment	to be taken on ft mean, proper*

gage the tion of the faid rate for the laft five years preceding)* that tbp, rates, See• and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the. juftices af.ihe , peace, within the refpeeftive limits of their commiflions, fo adept-bled in their quarter feflions as aforefaid, from time to time to borrow and take up on mortgage of the rates herein*-mentioned, by inftruments in the form contained in the fchpdule -hereunto apnexed, or to that or the like 'efted, any fums not lef& than , fifty pounds, nor exceeding one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower intereft, as to them, or the major part pf them, iuch major part not being lefs than five, (hall appear neccflaryand expedient for the purpofes aforefaid, and to fecure all and every fuch fum and (urns of money fo borrowed, upon the credit of the cates to be raifed upon fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, and precindt refpedtively $ and the faid juftices, fo affembled as aforefaid, are hereby authorifed to treat and agree with any perfon or perfons for the loan of any fuch ham or fums of mdney, and by their order to confirm and eftabhfh Agreements every fuch agreement as aforefaid ; and every fuch agreement (o by <5r<J.c.r of eftablifhed by fuch order, and figned by the chairman and two fignedby the or more juftices prefent at the time of making fuch order, lhaU chairman,&c. be, and the fame is hereby declared to be effedtual for fecunng to be an effect to the perfon or perfons fo advancing any fum or fums of mo-tual fecurity. ney, his, her, or their executors, admioiftrators, and afiSgps, all and every fuch fum or fums of money, with intereft for the fame, on fuch terms as in and by fuch agreement or agreements refpe&ively (ball be for that purpofe ftipulated; and copies or extra&s of all fuch agreements or fecurities (hall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the cuftody of the records of the quarter feflions, of fuch county^ Tiding, Securities divifion, city, town, liberty, or precindt refpedtively ; and all may be trans- an(j eVery perfon and perfons to whom any fuch fecurity or fc-*rrc *	.	curities (hall be made, or who (hall be intitled to the money

thereby fecured, is and arc hereby impowered (by indorsing $11$, her, or their name or names on the back of fuch fecurity or fecurities) to transfer and aflign the fame, and his, her, or their right to the principal money and intereft thereby fecured, unto any perfon or perfons; and every fuch affigoee may in like manner transfer the fame again, and fo totiei qwtiies j and the perien or perfons to whom fuch fecurity or fecurities, or any, (uch^ai-fignment thereof, (hall be made, and his, her, or their jreipec-1 live executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, £hall be ciednon { upon the faid rates, in an equal degree one with another, aad (hall not have any preference with refpedi to the priority of any monies fo advanced,

III. Aod

Digitized by kjOOQle

J7$4*] Anno vlce&mo quarto GboRGII III, C.	fit

III. And be it further enabled, That-the faid juftices To what ex-and they arc hereby authorised and required, not only to charge tfnt the juf-thc rates to be raifed upon fuch county, riding, divifion, city, chKtge'tbe town, liberty, or precindt, y«ith the intereft of the money fo county jratei# borrowed on fuch Securities, but alfo with the payment of a further fum, equal at leaft to the fuqa fo charged for the Intereft of fuch fecurities; which faid fums fhall be affefled on fuch county* riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precinft, in fuch manner as county rates are directed to be aflefled by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direction of the faid . juftices, in discharge of tne intereft, and of fo many of the principal fums on the faid fecurities as fuch moriey will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which fuch Securities (hall be made, and the intereft thereof, fhall be fully paid and discharged; and the faid juftices are required td fix one or more day or days in each year, on which fuch payment fhall be made, and fhall make orders for afleflments in due time, fo as to provide for the regular payment thereof; and A regular ic-they arc hereby required to appoint a proper perfon to keep an count be exaCt and regular account of all the receipts and payments un- book of alla der the authority of this a<ft, in a book or books feparate and receipts and apart from all other accounts, and the fame to fettle and adjuft payments un-in fuch manner that it may eafily be feen what intereft is grow- |thls ing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and v/li3t remains due; and the Said book or books, So adjufled and fettled, to deliver into court at every general or quarter feffions to be held for any fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or prccinCt; and the Said juftices are required, it every which OiaTl be fuch feflions, carefully to infpeCl all fuch accounts, and make *n<Pf^** orders for carrying the Several purpofes of this a<5l into execu- ever^feffions* tion, in fuch manner as to them fhall Seem meet; and if at any	*

time it fhall appear to the faid jofticeS that the perfon fo appointed has neglecfted the Said order, and has not duly, and -without delay, applied the money in-His hands to the purpofes hereby directed, fuqh perfon fhall forfeit doubfe the aifiount of the money which lhall not have been applied to the purpofes of this a£t 5 and the faid juftices, fo afiembled iri feltion as afore-faid, fhall direct,in what order fuch fecurities Shall 6e discharged, by drawing lots or otherwife, as they lhall think fit, firft discharging all Such Securities which (hall bear the highdt intereft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafied, That the Money bore

juftices of the peace in their refpefUve quarter feflions fhall, and	be

they are hereby required to make provifions by means of the paid within a rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Umited timt. orders and directions (which they are hereby authorised to give),

in fuch manner that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of this a<ft, fhall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen years Frotfi the time of borrowing the fame.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafes where fuch	,

Ccc2	lioufet

7*8

Juftices may difpofe of old houfes of correction, apd the ground on which they ... ftand.

Bodies poll-lick, &c. may fell and convey lands, $cc.

Purchafe mo* ney, exceeding tool, to be laid out in purchafe of lands, &c. Aibjeft to the fame ufcs, &c.

Anno vicefimo quarto GfeoRGSl III; c. 55*	[17&4*

houfes of corredtiofi (hall be palled down, repaired, rebuilt, or enlarged, by the authority of thfc afl, or any other liw ih hewing, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid juftice$,'ia their quarter feflions aflembled, to fell and difpofe of the m£te-jials of fuch old houfes of corredtion, or fuch parts thereof, arid alfo of the whole, or fuch parts of the (cite or ground belonging thereto as (hall not be heceflary to be ufed for or m the rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging fuch houfes of cofreftktta, at the beft price or prices that can or may be gotten for the (kmc; which mQnies (hall be applied to the purpofeS of this a St; and in cafe of any fuch purchafe of lands, tenements, Or hereditaments, which (hall exceed what is neceflary to be fo ufed-or employed, the faid juftices may fell and difpofe of the feme, and apply the money to be raifed by fuch fale for th£ purposes aforefaid,

VI.	And be it further ena#ed,.That it (hall and may be lawful for the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs arid ftHJceT-fors, and for all bodies politick and corporate, and alfo for ail guardians, committees, hufbands, truftees, and attornies of any perfon or perfons, being infants, lunaticks, ideots, uriddr coverture, or any other difability, and alfo for all other perfons Who are or fhall be feifed, poflefled of, or interefted in, any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, which (hall be deemed neceflary for the purpofes of this a#, to contra# or agree for, and to fell, convey, and allure fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, unto fuch perfon or perfons as ftial! be named by the juftices, in truft, and for the purpofe of crcS-ing new houfes of corredtion, or enlarging the' old houfes of cqrre#ion, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereunto belonging ; and all fuch ;contra#s, agreements, Tales,* conveyances, and aflurances, (hall be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enadted, ‘ That all fums of money which (hall be agreed to be paid to any corporation, guardian, committee, hulband, truftee, or attorney, for or on behalf of any infants, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or cefturque truft, or to any other perfon or perfons whofe houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, (hall be limited in ftri# fettlement for the purchafe of any fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall, in cafe fuch fotns of money (hall exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, be hid out by fuch corporations, guardians, committees, hofbands, truftees, or attornies, or any perfon or perfons feifed of fiich houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, fo limited in ftri# fettlement, as foon as conve-niently may be, in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-fimple, to be conveyed to, or to the ufe of fuch corporations, guardians, committees, hufbands, truftees, or attornies, and to and for fuch perfon or perfon?* and forfoch

eftatt

Digitized by

Google

1784.]; Anno vicefimo quarto Geqbgxi UL c

cftate arid cftates, and to, for, and upon, and fubje# to fuch ufes, limitations^ remainders* and contingencies, as the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, for and in refpe# whereof fuch purcbafe money (hall be paid as aforefaid, (hall be limited, fettled, and allured at the time fych purchafe or contra# (hall be made in manner aforefaid, or fuch as (hall then be capable of taking effe#; the charges of fuch conveyances and fettlements to be paid in the fame manner as the other expences relating to the houfe of correction ; and in the mean time, and till fuch purchafe or pur- And until chafes (hall be made, fuch money, whether the fame (hall or fuch purchafe* <hall not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, (hall be laid roonev^o be out, by fuch corporation, or other perfons for the time being Uidoutin -interefted therein, in fome government fecyrities, in the names government of two perfons, one to be nominated by the party or parties for fecuritics. the time being interefted therein, and the other by the juftices aforefaid j and the intereft arifing from fuch fecurities (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpeSively, as would have beet} inti tied to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, in cafe the fame had r>ot been fold, or Would for the time being be intitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, io to be purchafed, in cafe the fame were purchafed and fettled as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further cnadted, That if any fuch corpowti- If the parties jpns, guardians, committees, hulbands, truftees, and attorn'ies, refufe to treat, or any perfon or perfons For the time being interefted in any fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, which (hall be Adeemed neceflary for the purpofes of building,or enlarging any fuch houfe of correction, and other the purpofes of this a#, upon notice in writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the houfe or houfes, or other place or places ofibode of fuch perfon or perfons, or of the principal officer or officers of any fuch corporation, (hall, for the (pace of twenty-one days after fuch notice fo given or left as aforefaid, negle# or refufe to treat, or (hall refufe to accept fuch price as (hall be offered by the juftices or their agents, or (hall otherwife not agree for the fale of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, or if, by reafon of abfence or incapacity, they (hall be prevented from treating for fuch fale; then, and in fuch cafe, the juftices of the peace, at their general or general quarter feffions, or any two or more of them appointed for that purpofe, (hall value to caufe the value of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, j* ncd hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, to be inquired into * ■ and afcertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin# wherein the fame fhall be (ituated; and to that end (bail fummon and call before fuch jury, and examine upon oath (which oath any one or more of fuch juftices 01 the peace is and are hereby empowered fo adminfter) any perfon or perfons whomfoever j and fuch juf-

C c c 3	ticea

jrj<y	Anno	vkefimo	quarto	Qeorgii III. c. 5$.	[1784,

tlees of the peace, or any two of them, (hall, by order* ing a view or otherwife, life all ways and means for the inform mation of thcmfelves and of fuph jury, in the premifes'; and when fuch jury (hall have enquired of, and afcertained the value of fuch houfes, buildings, lan^s, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, the faid juftices of the peace lhall thereupon ord^r that the fum or fums which (hall fo appear to tie the value of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, (hall be paid in (bch manner as is herein-before directed, touching the money to be paid for fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafetrients, or privileges, for fale whereof the perfon or perfohsin-Verdia of teref^ed (hall contra# and agree in manner aforefaid ; which ver-jury, fcc.tobc did or inquifition? and order, (hall be filed of record by the cleric -	1 0f the peace, qr other officer having the cuftody of the records of

the faid county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or pre-* '	cind,	and (hall be final and conclufive, to all intents and pur-

pofei whatfoever, againft all parties and perfons whomfcever, claiming or to claim, in poffeflion, remainder, reverfion, or otherwiie, their heirs and fucceffors, as well abfent -as prefem. Infants, lunaticks, ideots, and perfons under coverture, or any pther difability whatfoever, corporations, guardians, committees, hufbands, truftees, and #attornies, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever.

IX.	ArJ, for tljefummoning and returning fuch juries, be it the Jury further CnadCd, That fuch juftices of the peace, or any two of may iffue their warrant or warrants to the (heriff or ? n * bailiff of any particular county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or precin#, within the limits of which the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges fh;all be fitUated, requiring him to impannel, fummon, &nd Veturn an indifferent jury of twenty perfons, qualified to ferve on juries, to appear before the faid juftices, or any two of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants lhall be appointed; and fuch (heriff and bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch number of perfons accordingly, and, out of the perfons fo fummoned, in-pannelled, and returned; or out of fuch as (hall appear upon fuch fummons, the juftices of the peace, or any two of rhea:, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required 10 draw by ballot, and to fwear or caufe to be fworn, twelve men, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid; and, in default of a fuflicient number of jurymen fo returned, the faief (heriff or bailiff (hall take fuch other honeft and indifferent men of the ftanders-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that fer-Yurymen may Vice, to make up the number twelve; and all perfons concern-he challenged. ed (hall have their lawful challenges agaihft any of the fiid Juftices may jurymen when they come to be fworn: and the faid jufticesof tine the Hie- the peace,* or any two of them, lhall have power from time to £jf»	time	to impofe a fine or fines upon fuch (heriff or bailiff, or his

fJe^auir. n5 denary or deputies making default in the prenrifesY atodf on'anv

im'-*	•	c(

Digitized by

Google

178^.3 Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. ;	*	73I

of thfe perfons who {ball be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and who (halbnot appear, or appearing, (hall refufe to be fwom on the faid jury, or, being fworn, (hall refufe to give, or Ihaii not give a vcrdid, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negledt his or their duty therein; and alfo on any perfon who, being fummoned and required to give evidence before the laid jwy, (hall refufe or negled: to appear, or, appearing, (hall refufe to befworn or to give evidence; fo that no fuch fine be more than ten pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, on any* one perfon for one offence.

X.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any jury (hall give Expence* of in and deliver a verdidt for more money, as the value of fuch iur*> &c# ho7 houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, t0 he defrayed, or privileges fo to be purchafed, than what (hall have been offered for the purchafe thereof by the faid juffices of the peace,

or their agents, to any perfon capable of contradiing for the fame, the cofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the jury and witneifes (hall be borne and paid out of the fame fund as the expences of the buildings to be eredted thereon; but if fuch jury (hall give in and deliver a verdidt for no more,* or for lefs monev than the money which (hall have been fo offered by fuch junices of the peace, or their agent, then the cods and expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid jury and witnefles (ball be borne and paid by the perfon or perfons with whom fuch controversy or difpute, touching the value of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafe-ments, or privileges, (hall arife,

XI.	And be it further enadted. That, upon payment of the 0n pa^fnt money fo ordered to be paid for the purchafe of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or pri- land^&c. vileges, or, upon refufal or inability to receive the fame, leaving joftice* may the fame in the hands of fuch perfon as the juffices in their pofleffioi* quarter feffions (hall appoint, for the ufe of the party or parties thcrcof* intitled thereto, or in cafe of the faid party or parties not being

to be found, then, upon notice to be publifhed ip feme paper or papers circulating in or near the faid county, riding, divifi-on, city, town, liberty, or precindt, where fuch houfo of cor-re&ion is to be built or enlarged, of the payment or inveftment of fuch purchafe-money, the faid lands, tenements, heredi-ments, eafements, and privileges fo purchafed, (hall veft in the perfon or perfons who (hall be authorifed to take and hold the (aoie by virtue of this adt, for the purpofes aforefaid; and it (hall be lawful for the faid juffices, or any two of them, their workmen or agents, to enter upon, and take poffeffion of, apd make ufe of the faid houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all fuch perfons and parties who were the owners or occupiers thereof, (hall be diveffed of all right and title in and to the fame, and every part thereof.

XII.	And be it further cnadlcd, That in ail cafes where any Juft ice*, wfyr

juftke or jufticas of the peace is or are, or (hall be, by any a#

'	CCA	Of

Digitized by

fp?‘	AftnoticeCtnotjoartoGeorg 11lll. c.55. * '* £17!?4, '

* luminary o# parliament, authorised or impcwered to convid any perfon way, may	or perfona before him or them, in a futnmary way, without the

commit of-	intervention of- a jury, it (hall and may be lawful, from and

houfe'o/ecr- a^fcr ,*le Ps,®n§	this ad, for fuch juftice or juftices of ■ the

reftion. COr" peace fo authorifed or impowered as afore faid, if he or they (hail think hr, to commit fuch per fan of perfonfo conviifed in fuch fummary way- as aforeiaid, to the houfe of correftien within his or their jurifdi&ion, in lieu or in (lead of the common gaol j any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary not-' withftanding.

The SC HEDULE to which this aft refers.

FORM of Mortgage and charge upon the county rates for fecuring the money borrowed.

, % *

A. B. one of his Majeflfs Juftices of the peace, and chair-man of the court of quarter fejjions of the peace for the county, WV. of	(as	the	cafe (hall be,) balden

at	the	day	of

C. D. and E. F. efauires, two other of his MajeJlyS juftices of the peace acting for the Jaid county, &c. and ajfemblei in the faii court, in purjuance of the power to uf given by an ait pajfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of bis tnajefty King George the Third, inti* titled, &c. [infert the title of the aft] do hereby, in open court, mortgage and charge all the rates to be retifed within the faid county, ,£sV. (as the cafe (hall be,) under the defeription of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the Jam of . which G. H. of	hath	propofed and agreed to

*	lend, and hath note actually advanced and paid towards defraying the expences of building, repairing, Lffc, (as the cafe (hall be,) the houfe of correction for the faid county, if c. And we do hereby confirm and ejiablijh the fame unto the faid G. H. bis executors, adminf rotors, and ajjigns, for fecuring the repayment of the faid fum of

and the iuterefl agreed upon for the fame, after the rate of	per	centum per annum; and di

order the tteafurer for fuch county, if c. or other perfon, (as the cafe

*	(hall be,) to pay the inter eft'of the faid fum of

half yearly, as the fame Jhall become due, until the principal jhadk dijcharged, purfuant to the directions of the faid a ft.

CAP. LVI.

An ad for the effectual tranfportation of felons and other offenders;

* and to authorize the removal of prifoners in certain cafes •, and for ~ other purpofes therein mentioned.	,

WHEREAS it is expedient to impower bis Majefly, teitb the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain pious, as Will out of bis Majtfly's dominions as within the fame, to vebicb

fdeut

Digitized by Google

[784*1 Anno vicefimo quarto Gsqugii HI. c. $6.\	731

'elMS'tyd other offenders mat be tranfported^ and to make other re-

luUtfms for the more^effeflvfll tranfportation of Jucb offenders ; may

t therefore pleafe your Majeftv that it may be enafted; and be	>

it enafted by the king’s mod excellent majefty, by and with

the advice and content of the lords fpirituel and temporal, and

:oaunpn$, in thi* prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au*

tbority of the fame. That, from and after the paifing of this Anyperfon

aft, when any perfon or perfons, at any fefliqn of oyer and ter- conv&ed, in

miner, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general feilion ®Jl^and °r

of the peace, to be holden for any county, riding, divifion, city, punifflir

town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Bri* at>}c by tranl-	>

tain called England, or at any great feflion to be holden for the portation,

:ounty palatine of Chejtery or within the principality of TVales% may» by the (hall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any 5cred to be" other offence for which fuch perfon or pcrfons (halt be liable transported by the tews of this realm to be tranfported, it fhall and may be accordingly! lawful for the court before which any fuch perfon or perfons fhall be fo convifted as aforefaid, or any fubfequent court holden at any place for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, town, borough, liberty, or place refpeftively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon or perfons fo con* rifted as aforefaid (hail be tranfported beyond the feas, for any crm of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which fuch perfon or perfons is or are, or (hall be liable by any aw to be tranfported; and, in every fuch cafe, it (half and And his Ma« nay be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his J*fty in coun* )rivy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places,'p^n^towhat Dart or parts beyond the feas, either within his Majefty’s do- J>iacc beyond ninions, or ekewhere out"of his Majefty’s dominions, fuch fel- the feas he jnsor other offenders (hall be conveyed or tranfported; and Iballbe fent* uch court as aforefaid is hereby authorifcd and irapowered to jrder fuch offenders to be transferred to the ufe of any perfon Dr perfons, and his or their afligns, who (hall contract for the * lue performance of fuch tranfportation : and when his Majefty, if his Majefly lis heirs and fucceftbrs, (hall be pleafed to extend mercy to any ihouid extend Dffender or offenders who hath or have been, or (hall be con- his mercy to rifted of any crime or crimes for which he, (he, or they is, are, fj"Sle m the >r (hall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon puniflunent of :ondition of tranfportation to any place or places, part or parts death, the Deyon^l the feas, either for term of life, or any number of years, co“rt way ind fuch intention of mercy (hall be fignified by one of his ^dtranfport° Vlajefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, it (hall be lawful for any ec| bcy0ndthe :ourt, having proper authority, to allow fuch offender or offen- feas, for any iers the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cafes term of years where fuch offender or offenders (hall be authorifed by his Ma- jjjj numbe^* efty ro tranfport himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves) to order the ©f^ars 0/ ransfer of fuch offender or offenders to any perfon or perfons term for who (hall contraft for the due performance of fuch tranfporta- which fuch ion, and bis or their alfigns, for fuch and the fame term of pears for which any fuch offender or offenders (hall have been or-	ha-

lered to be tranfported* or for fuch term of life or years as (hall ble by any

be law to be trao (ported.

734	Anno	vkefimo	quarto	Georgii III. c. 56.; [17S4.

be fpecified in fuch condition of tranfportation as aforefaid * and Contractor to fuch perfon or perfons fo contra&ing as aforefaid, his or theii have a pro- afligns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer as aforcGud, fbtll Srviceof the a property in the fervice of fuch offender or offenders*' for amende* fuch terms refpectively; and when any offender or offoftdcfrs hath or have been, or (hall be convi&ed of any crime or crimes for which he, (he, or they is or are by law excluded the benefit of clergy, the judge, before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convi^ed, or any juftice of the King’s bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer of the degree of the coif,: in cafe the faid offender or offenders (hall have been tried ai any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in England* or Any juftice of Chefter or Wales* in cafe the faid offender or offenders (hall be tped and convi&ed within any of their refpe&tye judfr di&ions, may on fuch intention of mercy as aforefaid being fig-nified to him by one of the faid principal fecretturies of date, make an order for the immediate tranfportation of fuch offender or offenders, in the fame manner as if fuch intention of mercy *	had been fignified by one of the faid principal.fecretaries of

ftate during the continuance of the aflizes or *fe(fions at which fuch offender or offenders was or were condemned; and fuch order (hall be confidered as an order made at fych aflizes or fefiions as aforefaid, and (hall be as effe&ual, and have all the fame confequences as any order for the tranfportation of any offender or offenders made by any juftice of oyer and temntier, great feflions, or gaol delivery, for any county, city, liberty, borough, gr place, during the continuance of the aifizes or feflions.

frerfoni wn- II. ^\nd be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That every derraking to perfon cr perfons to whom any fuch offender or offenders (hall tenders^to * be transferred as aforefaid, (hall, before any of them (hall be give proper delivered over to him or them to be tranfported, give fccurity lecurity. that he or they will tranfport, or caufe to be tranfported effectually, fuch offender or offenders to fuch place or places, part or parts beyond the feas refpeAively, as (hall be appointed by his Majefty in fuch manner as aforefaid, and procure fuch evidence as the nature of the cafe will admit of the landing of fuch offender or offenders fo transferred as aforefaid, in tbit place or part, or thofe places or parts beyond the feas whereto he, (he, or they (hall be ordered to be tranfported, (death and cafualties by fea excepted), and that he, (he, or they (ball not be fuffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful default of the perfon or perfons fo contracting as aforefaid, or of his or their afligns.

Court may ap. HI# And be it alfo ena&ed. That fuch court as aforefaid ticesforthe*" 01aY aPP°int two juftices of the peace for the county, riding, county, &c. to divifion, city, liberty, borough, or place where fuch offender com raft for or offenders (hall have been conviAed, who (hall have power transportation to contraA with any perfon or perfons for the performance of Ac. ndcr8> t,ie lranfp°rtation of fuch offender or offenders, and to order fuch fecuriiy to be taken as aforefaid; and alfo to caufe fach

offender

Digitized by booQle

784.] Anno vicefimo quarto GE0RGII III. c. 56.	735

fender or offenders to be delivered, by the refpeftive gaplers 1 whofe cuftody he, (he, or they (hall be, to the perfon or erfons contracting, or to his or their afligns; which contra&s nd fccority (hall be certified by the juftices, who (hall make nd take the fame to the next court to be holden with like au-sorityfofthe faid County, riding, divifion, city, liberty, bo-augh, or place, to be filed and kept among the records of ich court; and all fecuritics for tranfportation (hall be by Securities for ond, in the name of the refpeCUve clerks of the peace, or other ^beb^bon? lerks of the court, who (hall profecute fuch bonds in their own in the name ot* ameS; for Which purpofe, every fuch clerk of the peace, 6r the clerk of lerk of the court, and his fucceffors refpetfiveiy, fhall be deem- the peace, &c. Id a body corporate, and (hall have and be paid all fuch cofts ^che°mtjab<xiy s they (hill (uftain, in any fuch fuit as the juftices of the corporate. * >eace (hall it their general quarter feflions of the peace direct,

>ut of the publick (lock; and all monies recovered on fuch

xmds fhalj be for the ufe of the refpe<5tive county, riding,

iivjfion, city, liberty, borough, or place, and be paid to their

'efpeSive treafurers, to be part of the ppblick ftock ; and all

•barge? in or about making the contracts, taking fccurities, and

ionveying felons and other offenders in order to be transported,

hall be borne by each county, riding, divifion, city, liberty,

jorough, or place, for which the court was held which ordered

uch offenders to be tranfported, and the refpe&ive treafurers

hall, by order of the juftices in quarter fdffions, pay all fuch	,

barges to the perfons employed.

IV.	And be it further eqatfed. That the perfon or perfons Per^ons con-po contracting as aforefyid, and to whom any offenders (hall be [raofport of-delivered in order to be tranfported, or any perfon or perfons Tenders, may directed by the (aid juftices (impowered to contra# as afore- carry them [aid), or their afligns, may in fuch manner as they (hall think through any fit, carry and fecure the faid offenders in and through any coun- j^au”^tt0 the. ty of Great Britain^ towards the fea-port or place from whence

they are to be tranfported ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall Penalty on refeue fuch offenders, or any of them, or aflift them, or any of ru^,n£ hem, id making their efcape from fuch perfon or perfons as 1 cm* c# [hall have them in their cuftody as aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hill be adjudged guilty Qf felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony^ without benefit of clergy.

V.	And be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid. That If any perfon if any offender or offenders, who (hall be fo ordered by any fuch ordercd *°r court as aforefaid to be tranfpprted beyond the feas, gr who (hall

agree to tranfporj himfelf or herfelf oq certain conditions, either be found at for life or any number of years, to any fqch place or places, large in Great part or parts, as ihall be appointed by his Majefty in manner Britain or Jre-aforefaid, (hall be afterwards at large within any part of the expiration kingdom of Great Britain or Jrehtid, without fome lawful caufe, Qf his term, before the expiration of the term for which fuch offender or he (hall lutt'er offenders (hall have been ordered to be tranfported beyond the death, feas, or (hall have fo agreed to tranfport himfelf or herfelf as aforefaid, every fuch offender being at large as aforefaid, being vl	thereof

Digitized by Google

73$

Before whom fuch offenders may be tried.

Pcrfons difeo-vering and profecuting fuch offenders, intitled to a reward of *ol. and a certificate, & c.

His Majefty Empowered to order, or to muthorife three juftices of peace to order the removal of male prifonen under fentenpe of death, &c. from any gaol in England or Wales.

Anno vicefinK) quarto GeoROU III. (1784,

thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall fuffer -death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy ; and fucb offender or offenders may be tried, either before juftices of affizet oyer and terminer, great feffions, or gaol delivery* fpr the county* city* liberty, borough* or place, where fuch offender or offenders (hail be apprehended and taken, or from whence he« (he, or they were ordered to be tranfported; and the clerk of the affize, clerk of the peace, or other officer or clerk of the court having the cof-tody of the records where fuch orders of tranfportafioo (hall be made, (hall; at the requeft of the profecutor, or any other per-fop on his Majefty’s behalf, make out and give a certificateia writing, figned by him, containing the effedt and fubIHoceoaiy (omitting the formal part) of every indi&ment and convlfiioa of fuch offender or offenders, and of the order for his or her tranfportation, to the juftices of affize, oyer and teuniner, great feflions, or gaol delivery, where fuch offender or offenders (hall be indidted, (not taking for the fame morejhaa two (hillings and fixpence), which certificate (hall be fuffident proof of the conviction and order for the tranfportation of fuch offender or offenders : and whoever (hall difeover and prpfecute to convidtion of felony without benefit of clergy, any foch offender or offenders fo being at large as aforefaidv (h?U be in-titled to a reward of twenty pounds for every fuch offender fo convidled; and (hall have the like certificate^ without fee or reward, as any perfbn or perfons may be intitled unto for the apprehending and profecuting to convidlion perfons who bate committed any robbery upon the highway : provided nevertbe-lefs. That his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, may pardoa and difpenfe with fuch tranfportation, and allow of the return of any fuch offender or offenders to the kingdom vftSrart Britain.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority afortfaid, That, from and after the paffing of this adt, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty from time to time, by an order in writing, to be notified by one of his faid principal fecretaries of ftat^ or for any three or more of fucb of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace adfipg in and for tfie county, riding, ffivifion, city, bocoegh, liberty, or place, in which any gaol (hall be fituated, as, Hull be authorifed by his Majefty under his fign manual, todiftft the removal Dtapy male offender or offenders who (hall be under fentence of death, but reprieved during his Majefty’* pleafure, or under fentence or order of tranfportation, and who, having been examined by an experienced furgeon or apothecary, (hall appear to be free from any putrid or iofedhousdif-temper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifoo.in wW fuch offender or offenders (hall be confined, to fuch place of confinement within England, or the dominion of either at land, or on board any (hip or veffel in the rives Tbmo, or | any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any pert of England or Walcs^ as his Majefty,. or any three of fuch jufiices, authorifed as aforefaid, (hall from time tQ time appoint, fader

Digitized by LjOOQle

7&4-1 Anna viccfiniio quarto Georgh HI. c. 5$.	737

he management of * any overfeer or overfeers to be appointed

>y his Majefty, or any three or more of fuchjuftices authorif-

rd as afoiefakt} and every offender who (half be fo removed

hall continue in the fald place of confinement, or be removed

a and confined in any other fuch place or places as aforefaid,

is his Majefty* or any three or more of fuch juftices, authorif-

fd as aforefaid, from time to time (hall appoint, until fqch of-i

enderfhall be tranfported according to law, or by the expifa-

iori ef the term of (bch tranfportation, or otherwife, (hall be*

ntiried fo his liberty, or until his Majefty, or* any three ot*

noreof Aich juftices, fo anthorifed as aforelaid, (hall dire& the ‘

etwn of fuch offender to the gaol or prifon from which he

lull have been fo removed ; and the fheriff or gaoler having Gaoler to <fe-

he cuftody of any offender whofe removal (hall be ordered in ,ivcr offenders

nanner aforefaid* (hall, with all convenient fpeed after receipt facfTordcr^

>f the notification of any fuch order, convey, or caufe to be with a proper ronVeyed, every fuch offender to the place appointed, and certificate, .'heredeliver him, together with a certificate, containing his diriftian name, furname, and age, and alfb the. offence for vhich, and the court in which, he was convkSled, and the mrpbrt of his or her fentence, to fuch overfeer or overfeers as iforcftid, who (hall give a proper receipt in writing to the fhe-iff or gaoler for the difehargeof fuch (heriff or gaoler.

VII.	And be it enadted. That all fees bn the delivering but Gaolers feet,

>f cuftody of any fuch offender fo ordered to be removed, as and expence* wve ufelly been paid, and would have been due to the (heriff uemoJ?,J->r gaoler in cafe fuch offender had been removed in order to county? lave been tranfported, and all rtafonable expences which the &c. heriff or gaoler (hall incur in every fuch removal, (hall be paid iy the county, riding, divifion, city, borough, liberty, or place, or which the court in which the offender was conviAed (hall lave been held ; and the (heriff or gaoler (hall receive the money luefor fuch fees and expenses from the treafurer of fuch coun-y, riding, divifion, city, borough, liberty, or place, fuch fees ind expences being firft allowed by the order of the juftices of he pe^ce at their quarter or other general feffions of the peace, vho are hereby required to make fuch order as (hall be juft in hat behalf.	•

VIII* And be it further enabled. That after the removal of Overfeer*, to my offender under this a6t, the overfeer who (hall have the "horn fuch :uftody of him (hall, during the term’of fuch cuftody, have the §2iwed a roe powers over him as are incident to the office of a (heriff have the Cam* >r gaoler, and, in like manner be anfwerable for any efcape of power* over iich offender ; and alfo, during fuch cuftody, (hall feed and theda as gaol-lothe fuch offender, and (hall keep him to labour at fuch eri* daces, and under fuch dire&ions, limitations, and reftriAions, is his Majefty, or any three or more of fuch juftices, fo authored, as aforefaid, (hall from titpe to time, by any order to be lire&ed to fuch overfeer or overfeers for their inftruAion, ippoitu.

IX.-Aud it is hereby declared, That the time during which Time of ?m-

C	any	prifooment to

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

r*8

be deemed

rate puoiflv ment for inif-behaviour.

See.

Anno vicefimo quarto G&ORGirlff. C. $6. ‘ fj7S4

any offender (hall have continued in gaol under fehtmceof part of the , tranfportation, or being removed under the provifionstfereffl, porT^on.an * fhall c°ntinue confined by virtue of this a&,<fhaH be taken ai^l reckoned in difeharge or part difeharge or fatitfa&ion of thetena of his tranfportation.

Overfeers may X. And be it further enafted, That if any offender flufi, inflid mode- during fuch cuftody under this ad, be guilty of any mifbebri-our or djforderly condud, it (hall be lawful for fuch orerte or overfeers, having the cuftody of fact* offender* to infli&or caufe to be inflicted fuch moderate punilhment or corre&iomi may be inflicted by law on perfons committed to a ho'ieof correction ; and if any fuch offender (hall break from, or unlawfully efcape from the cuftody of fuch overfeer or overfeers, or if any perfon (hall rpfcue, or attempt to refeue, or affift m rescuing, any fuch offender frdm fuch cuftody or (hall conrcy, or caufe to be conveyed, any difguife, inftrument, oirarmst* fuch offender, every fuch offence (hall be puniffiable in the fame, manner as if fuch offender had been confined in a gaol or prifon, in the cuftody of the (heriff or other gaoler, for the crime of which fuch offender fliall have been Convr&ed.

XL And be it further enaded, That the overfeert of the feveral places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of th f ad, (hall from time to time make returns, fpecifying the name of every perfon in their cuftody, the offence of which he or h (hall have been guilty, the court before which he ot-ftc (hail have been convided, and the fentence of fuch court, together with his age and bodily ftate, and his behaviour vrhilil in cuftody ; and alfo the names of fuch offenders who (hall har; died whilft in fuch cuftody, or (hall have efcaped, or hare been lawfuly difeharged from the fame ; which returns foal! h made, on the firft day of every term, to his Maiefty’s court $ king’s bench at IVeJlminfier, on the oath of the perfon or pe*-fons making the fame ; fuch oath to be made before the fed court, or any commiftioner . authorized to take affidavits io the fame.

XII.	And whereas there are feveral perfons confined in nuntj&l tity gaols in England and Wales, under fenternes and crdtna&i by one or more juftice oryujlices of peace at tbeir fiffim, ertfb-wife, upon convictions in a fummary way, without the inunenii: 1 lize&c may °fa dury 5 he *l furlher enaded, That it (hall be lawful for aa? remove pri- ^ juftice of aflize or great feffions, or any two or morejuftctJ Yoners com- of the peace within whofe jurifdidion fuch gaol is fituate, ta mined byjuf- remove any fuch perfon or perfons to any houfeof coircflion tices of peace. wjti;jn tjie faid jurifdidion, thereto be confined, and toft-main in execution of fuch fentence or order.

If offenders	XIII. And be it further enaded, That if any offender haA

cannot conve- already been ordered to be tranfported to any part beyond tb:

tranf orted to ^cas* or *^ anY ori*er	at any hme hereafter be made fortlv

1 he place men- tranfportation of any offender, and fuch order cannot be con-tioned in their veniently executed with refped to the place in fuch orderrorn-lemence, the tioned, it (hall be lavvfui for the court of king’s bench, or fa

u	lit

Overfeers to

make returns of prifoners to the court of king's bench, the fw(t day of {very term.

Digitized by

Google

.'Anna vScdtmo.quarto GtoRGii I!L C. 5^	yfo

ie pourt before which any fuch perfon hath been convidted, or court of king’* hplden for the lame county, riding, divifion, city, beneh^&c. orpugh, .liberty, or place, having like authority, or (in the Senuo be aqa|ipn time, and out of term) for any two juftices of the tranfported to ourt of king’s bench, common pleas, or barons of the court any other f exchequer of the degree of the coif, to order that fuch of- pj^the^1 ^der (hall £e .tranfported to any other part or place beyond lIun F0***4 >c fcas, which (hall have been appointed by ImMajefty for \c tranfportation of fuch offenders, in fuch and the like matter, and fpr the fame term of years, as fuch offender is or laty be liable to be tranfported to the place mentioned in the riginal fentence or order for his or her tranfportation; and fuch rdcr fhall be confidered as made at the fame time, and (hall e as effectual to every intent and purpofe, and (hall have all li? fame confequences, in every refpedt,. as the original order Dr the tranfportation of fuch offender, and fuch offender (hall >e transferred, conveyed, and made over, to ally perfon who vill conuradt for the performance of fuch tranfportation, and ' o his or their affigns, in like manner as if fuch offender had >een tranfported to the place mentioned in the original order of ranfpqrtation; and fuch perfon or perfons, fo contracting as ioreljaid, his or their affigns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer $ aforefaid, (hall have a property in the fervice of the faid iffender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender vas originally ordered to be tranfported 5 and in cafe fuch of- Oifeuden reorder, fo ordered for tranfportation, (hall be afterwards at turningbefore arge within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without ©f tbeir^m11 ome lawful caufe, before the expiration of the term for which tofufferdeati uch offender (hall have been ordered to be tranfported, every uch offender being thereof lawfully convided, (hall fuffer death is in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, and (hall be tried )cfore fuch judges, and in fuch manner, and the fame evidence nade life of, for his or her convidlion, as is or (hall be diredled >y the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial >f other offenders found at large within this kingdom before be expiration of the term for which they were ordered to tranfported ; apd whoever (hall difeover, and profccute to »o I. reward :onvi£tion of felony without benefit of clergy, any fuch offender for profecut-o being at large within this kingdom as aforefaid, (hall be in-ijtled to a reward of twenty pounds for every fuch offender fo cu cr,J xmvidled, and (hall have the like certificate, without fee or re-vanj, as any perfon may be intitled to for the apprehending ndprofecuting to conviction, perfons who have committed any obhery upon the highway.

XIV.	And be it further enadted. That the expences of car- Expences of ying this aCt into*execution, as far as the fame relates to the executing rt«s wraoval of prifoners convicted, and remaining in cuftody under ^tive Cptencepf death, and refpited during his Majefty’s pleafure, or m0val ofpri-jpder.fentence pr order of tranfportation to other places of con- Toners, &c. to ioement, and which are not otherwife provided for, (hall be he laid annu-fpoyally laid before both houfes of parliament, and (hall be al1?.bcfore

provided par‘!amtnt’

Digitized by Google

sad, on ob-laimn

dia, cover treble cofts.

Limitation of a&ions.

jjjo	Anno	viccGtix),quarto Georoii IH, <^ 56* (1784. j

provided for in the next fupplies to be granted to his Majefty by parliament.

Perfbm profe- XV. And be it further enaded, That if any fuit or adion cuted for exe- (hall be profecuted againft any perfon or peripns for ‘curing this aft done ;n pyrfuance ofthis ad, fuch perfon or perfoqs may pfcad the general iflue, ynd give this ad, and the (pedal master, in ^	"	evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the Jape

was done by the authority of this ad5 and if a verdi&Aull pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aAt or adions, after iflue joined ; or if, on demurrer or otherwirc, ig a ver- judgement (hall be given agarinft the plaintiff or plaintiff?, the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, and have the * like remedy for the fame as any defendants have by law in other cafes; and not with (landing a verdid fhall be given to any plaintiff in fuch adion or fuit as aforefaid, fuch plaintiff fhall not have cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom the trial fhall be, fhall certify his approbation of the verdid,

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all adions, fuits, and profecutions to be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad* (ball be laid and tried in the county and place where the fad was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fad committed, and not otherwife.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefcki. That, from and after the palling of this ad, an ad pafied m the twenty-fourth year of the reign ofhis prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to authorize the removal ofprifoners in certain cmfts, and to amend the laws refpefting the transportation of offenders^) ex-

except with cept with regard to any prifoners who have already been remov-regard to pri- ed from any gaol or prifon, and placed under the management *ner.who of any overfeer or overfeers, by virtue of the faid ad, which movedbyvir- ^ pnfoners (hall* front an<1 a«cr the pafling of this ad, be tue thereof, fubjed to the orders and regulations herein-before contained,

. inftead of thofe contained in the faid ad, (hall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

19 Geo. 3,Ci XVIII. And be it further enaded, That an ad patted in 7*, continued the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intitulr until June i» ecj>	i9	explain and amend the laws relating to tht tremfa+rto-

tidny imprifonmenty and other punijhment of certain offenders), fltaH be and remain in force until the firft day of Juniy one thoo&nd feven hundred and eighty-feven, and from thence until the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

XIX. And be it enaded. That the provifions of this ad, fo far as the fame extend to authorize the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, (hall continue to be in force until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and 'eighty-feven, and from thence until the end of the then nest feffibn of parliament.

b. it, oflaft feilion, repealed:

*7*7*

Continuance of this ait.

CAP

Digitized by Google

i^4-J Anno vicefiato quarto GvotKSit III. c. 57-741 CAP. LVII.

Art 4ft te enable his Majefty Jo grant to the heirs of the former pro* pfietori, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited eftatls in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of ttufiees by an aft pajfed in tie twenty’fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second; and to repeal the jaid aft.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the twentieth year of his preamble.

late uiajefiy King George, the Second, (intituled, an a& for veiling in his Majefty the eftates of certain traitors, and for	of	4+'

more effe&ually difeovering the fame, and applying the pro* C0‘ dues thereof to the life of his Majefty; and for afeertaining and Satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon), the eftates of thofe who had been attainted of high treafon for their acccffion to the then late rebellion, were declared to be in his Majefty, fubjeft to the Payment of debts, and under various regulations therein contained: wd whereas by another aft, made in the twenty fitfh year of the reign f bisfajd lafe Majefty, (intituled, An ad for annexing certain 25 Geo. *,Ci orfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for naking fatisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon ; and to ftabHfh a method of managing the fame; and applying the ents and profits thereof for the better civilizing and improv-ng the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there or the future), all and every the lands and eftates which vocre then n the bands of his Majefty, by the attainder of Simon late lord vorat, and certain other per font therein named, were declared to be nolienably annexed to the imperial crown of thefe realms; and pro-nfion was alfo made by the faid lafi recited aft, for payment of all ujl and lawful debts due by the forfeiting perfons before their at-wider, and for tranfafting the slaims made by fubjeft fuperiors to be property of fome of thefe eftates; and likewife for acquiring tht tperiorities belonging to fucb fubjeft fuperiors: and whereas, by an ft Pqfted in the fourteenth year of bis prefent Majefty s reign, (in-tulea, An adl to enable his Majefty to grant unto major, gene- and 14 Geo. j,' il Frazer the lands and eftate of the late Simon lord Lovat, c« pon certain terms and conditions), the faid aft of the twenty-ftb year of his late Majefty was repealed, in fo far as it related to ?e eftate which formerly belonged to the faid Simon late lord Lovat 5 huh eftate was thereby difannexed from the crown, and has futce en granted by his Majefty, in the terms, and under the conditions•

1 length fpecified in the aforefaid aft, pajjed in the fourteenth year of 's prefent Majefty*s reign : and whereas the faid eftates were put ider the management of a board of truftets or /ommiffidners for anaging the fame, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the \tter civilizing ahd improving the highlands of Scotland, and fe+ vring the peace and loyally of the inhabitants: and whereas, by the psrience of many years fence that time it has been found, that no.

\bjefts in any part of his Majefty* s dominions are more loyal or duti-tl, or better affefted to his Majefty s perfon and government, than Vot/XXXlV,	D d d	the



Digitized by Google

74*	Anno	viCcBtno quvto GeoRgii 1,11. 0,57* [1784.* |

the inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland now are, many of whom, of all ranks and defer iptions, have performed pgnalfervices io their country in the late wars between Great Britain and its enemies and more particularly the heirs and families of all or moft\ of thifoii attainted perfons have been employed in the fervice of their ltf/tfol fevereign, and tejlified their loyalty and zeaf upon aH occajtons, and . . .	therefore it is ft that they fhould now receive Jome mart ofkisMa-

jefly's royal mercy and clemency : and whereas it is expedient that the faid cfates be now difwnexed, and refer ed to the heirs orfarmlU:. of the former owners, upon the payment of certain fums pn account »f the debts due by the forfeiting perfonswhich were difeharged by pi publick> and under the other conditions herein-after mentioned :[ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enatfed y andbe it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the au-HU Majefty thority of the fame, That it (hall and maybe lawful tohisMa-impoweredto jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to give, grant, and difpone, to futownlble* lhc honourable John Kenzie, commonly called Lord JobA MiCen- Lrodfeld$ft fon of George late earl of Cromarty, and his beirs and fois and afligns, all and every the lands, lordfhips, baronies, tithes, patronages, filhings, and other like heretages, which became <hlps**5cc. for- forfeited to his faid late Majefty, by the attainder of the feid feited to hi» George late earl of Cromarty, now deceafed, and which were an-late Majefty nexed to the crown by the aforefaid a<ft, in the twenty^fifth Uuide/of ycar t*)C rr*Sn °f ^*s faidlate Majefty; fubjedt always to, and George ?ate chargeable with, the fum of nineteen thoufand and ten pounds, Earl of Cro- ten millings, and feven-pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny marty i fterling, of principal money, to be paid into the court of ex* fubje& to chequer in Scotland as hercin-aftcr direfted.

to be paid H. And be it enadted by the authority aforeTaid, That it into jhe ex- (hail and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-chequer in ceflbrs, to give, grant, and difpone, to Donald Cameron, fon Scotland :	ancj ^jr 0f Charles Cameron, late captain in the feventyjfirft

And to regiment of foot, deceafcd, who was only lawful fon of Donald DonaldCame- Cameron late of Lochiel, and his heirs and aftigns, all arid evert # r^c *am*s am* eftate which became forfeits to his faid late the attainder Majefty by the attainder of the faid Donald Cameron „ late of of Donald Lochiely now deceafed; fubjeeft always to, and chargeable with, Cameron late the fum of three thoufand four hundred thirty-three pounds, ruWeftto	ninc toMHg8. anc* onc pcnny> an^ fJX twelfth partr of a penny

91.	fterling, of principal money, to be paid into the ftid court of

id. to be paid exchequer as after directed.

aaaforefeidt HI. And be it enadted- by the authority aforefatd, That it woVwwart*	ai^ may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs arid fucceflors,

the lands for* give, grant, and difpone, to Duncan Stewarty eldeft lawful feited by the fon of Charles Stewart late of ArdfbeaL, and his heirs and affigbs, attainder of all and every the lands and eftate which became forfeited to hb Charles	-fold fate Majefty, by the attainder of the faid Charles Stewart,

fubjea to	now deceafed, and which were annexed to the crown ''Is afore-

6991. 7s. 9d. faid; fubjedl always to, and chargeable with, the Turin cAfix

o	handred

4

Digitized by LjOOQle

Aftn-6 vicefirfio {jUirto GeoIigii til, c.

undred' ninety-nine pounds,. feven (hillings, and nine-pende, to be p*id *4 id one twelfth part of a penny fterling, of principal*moncy, to afore*aid * e paid into the laid court of exchequer as after dire&ed.

1V% be it enabled by the authority aforcfaid, That it And u>I«hrii vail and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,	•

>-give, grant, and difpone* to John AP- t)onaU> eldeft fon and cd°by the at*' eir of the deceafed lieutenant colonel Alexander Af‘. Donaldy of tainder of ic fcventy-firft regiment of foot, who was eldeft fon of Donald Donald P» Donald late of Kinlochmoydart^ and his heirs and aflighfc, all M\DonMi id every the lands and cftate which became forfeited to hi4 id late Majefty, by the attainder of the faid Donald AP. Dohbli te of ICinlocbmoydart, now deceafed, and which were annexed ) the crown as aforefaid ; fubjcft always to, and chargeable fabje& fo ith, the fum of onethoufand one hundred and eleven pounds, * ti be5paid fteeo (hillings, and five-pence fterling, of principal money, to *, aforelaSli e paid into the faid court of exchequer as hereafter dire&ed.

V. And be it enabled by the authority aforcfaid. That it And (6,col* Mil and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,	^

> give, grant, and difpone, to colonel Duncan Pherfon, Und* forfeited nly lawful fon of Evan M‘. Pherfon, late of Cluny, and his by. the at-eirs and affiens, all and every the lands and eftate which be- *?*nd<r°f atne forfeited .to his faid late Majefty by the attainder of the	Fncf-

lid £van A4‘. Pherfon, now deceafed ; fubjebf always tp, and fubjV<ft to, hargeable'with, the fum of five thoufand one hundred thirty- 5,11*1. 17 ight pounds, feventeen (hillings, and eleven-pence, and feven *° ** , wclfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, to be j-jjjj/ **ur€* aid into the faid court of exchequer as after directed.

VI* And be it ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That it Ana *of. lall and nnay be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, ^11 the landi >give, grant, and difpone, to colonel John MDonell, late of forfeited by he feventy-fixth regiment of foot, eldeft lawful fon of Duncan the attainder \P. Donell^ late of Lochgary, and his heirs and afligns, all and of Duncan very the lands, tithes, and other heretages and eftate, which DoneU} became forfeited to his faid late Majefty by the attainder of the aid Duncan AP. Donell, now deceafed, and which were an-lexcd to the crown as aforefaid ; fubje<fl always to, and charge- fubjeft td ble with, the fum of two thoufand and eignty-three pounds,	aid

welve (hillings, and* one penny, and five twelfth parts of a pen-if^efolcU \y fterling, of principal money, to be paid into the faid court

exchequer as after directed.

VII,	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it And to John hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, £n™s%ort>it* o give, grant,, and difpone unto John Cameron, eldeft lawful ^ by the*t* bn of Allan Cameron, late of Callart, and his heirs and af- tainder ot igns, all and every thelands, tithe**, and other heretages and Allan Came-jftate, which became forfeited to his faid late Majefty by the ron 5 ittainder of the faid Allan Carter on^ now deceafed j fubjed al- fubjr# to svays to, and chargeable with, the fum of four hundred and iwenty pounds, fifteen (hillings, and nind-pence fterling, ©f „ *Jorefc5i principal money, to be paid into the faid court of exchequer as aforcfaid,	. ,

Dd d 1 Vtll. Atii

744

And (o Fnrt-

cu I'aiqunar-Inn the lands forfeited by bis attainder;

fubjeft 3,6x3! os.

9 c!. ro be paid 1 as aforefaid.

His Majefty may grant to Duncan M‘ Done!! the lands forfeited by the attainder ot Archibald M‘. Donald;

fubject to

3,667 I.13 S»

5 d. to be paid as aforefaid:

And to the

heirs male of John Drummond, Sic. the e.^n'e of Perth, tot feited byhis attainder;

Aimp vicefioio quarto Georgii III. c. [1784.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and nfty be lawful to hi9 Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbfs, to give, grant, and difpone to Francis Farqukatfin, late of Monaltry, who has received his Majefty’s mod gracious pardon, and his heirs and afligns, all and every the lahds, tithes, and other heretages and eftate, which became forfeited to his Arid Jate Majefty by the attainder of the faid Francis Farguharfon; fubjed always t9, and chargeable with, the fum of ono thoa-fand fix hundred and thirteen pounds, and nine-pence, slid four twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, lobe paid into the faid court of exchequer as after directed.

IX.	And whereas the lands and eftate which were furveyed and annexed to the crown, as belonging to Archibald M*. Donald fon of coL Mc. Donald of Barrifdale, were in fad only held in wadfett by the faid col. Mu. Donald, and his fon Archibald* redeemable for the fum of one thoufand five hundred and twenty-feven pounds, fifteen (hillings, and fixpence, and fix twelfth parts of a penny, by John M*. Donell of Glcngary, but were td> verthelefs allowed to be furveyed and forfeited as the abfohue property of the faid Archibald M'* Donald* without any claim being entered in due time by John MDontll the reverfer, whole heir ought now to be reftored againft the fonfequences of that overfight : and whereas the debts due by the faid Archibald Mc. Donald at the period of the forfeiture, and which were afterwards paid by the piiblick, exceeded the wadfett Aim before-mentioned, fo that no benefit could accrue to him by reftoring him to the right of wadfett, with the burden of a fum equal to or exceeding his debts ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to give, grant, and difpone ttye faid lands and eftate to Duncan A7‘. Dontll, now of Glengory, the grandfon and heir of the aforefaid John M*. Dwell* of Glcngary, and his heirs and affigns; *fubjed always to, and chargeable with, the fum of one thoufend fix hundred fixty-feven pounds, thirteen (hillings, and five-pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, to be paid into the faid court of exchequer as after dire&ed.

X.	And whereas the ejlate of Perth, which became forfeited by the attainder of John Drummond, taking upon bimftlf the Jtile er title of Lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on himfelf the f ile or title of Duke of Perth, flood dertifei before the forfeiture to heirs male: and whereas the faid John Drummond died without leaving iffue lawful of his body, and it is net yet afeertained who is his neareji collateral kebr male 5 be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thar it (hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to give, grant, aid difpone to the heirs male of the faid John Drummond, who would have been intitled to fucceed by the inveftitures of the faid eftate, had it not been forfeited, and to the heirs and affigns of foch heir male, all and every the lands, lordlhips, baronies, frlberks, tithes, patronages, and other heretages and eftates, which be-

a	came

Digitized by Google

1784*! Anno vicefimo quarto GeoRGII III. C; 57.	745

carrtp forfeited to his fad late Majefty by the attainder of the faid John Drummond, taking upon hirofelf the ftile or title of Lord j$h*Drummond^ and which were annexed to the crown as aforefaid ; fubjedt always to, and chargeable with, the fum of fifty- fubjeft fo iWQ thouiand five hundred forty-feven pounds, one (hilling, and 5** 54-71. 1 s. ix pence* and three twelfth parts of a penny fterling, or prin- *^l?b* Pad :ipal money, to be paid into the laid court of exchequer, as a ore ** : ifter dire&ed.

XI.	Aid whereas Francis Buchanan, late of Arnpryor, another f the forfeiting perfons, alio died without lawful ifi'ue of his body,

of) or in tit led to toe following lands and ejlate: ; videlicet.

The ejlate of Arnpryor, and the lands of Stank and Kerinoch, vhicb were deviled to heirs general, and the ejlate of Strathyre, and ertain parts of the lands of Arnfinlay, which were devifed to heirs nak\ bp it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That And to grant t (hill and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- the eftate of ors, to grant and difpone to miftrels Jean Buchanan, widow of ^r"*?ryor,&c, he deceafed John AfS Nab of Mc. Nab efquire, After and heir the attainder jeneral of the faid Francis Buchanan, and her heirs and afligns, of Francis Bu-be faid eftate of Arnpryor, and the faid lands of Stank and Ke- chananjto his inub; and to John Buchanan of AuckUffie efquire, the heir male he,rs»

>f the laid Francis Buchanan, and his heirs and afligns, the faid

Hate of Strathyre, and the faid parts of the lands of Arnfinlay \

ubje& always to, and chargeable, the faid whole eftates and fubjeft to

ands fo to be granted, with the payment of‘the fum of two 2,f97,’h8s# ..

houfand four hundred ninety-feven pounds, eight (hillings,

aid three-pence, and eight twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of

)rincipal money, to be paid by them the faid miftrefs jean

Buchanan, and John Buchanan, and their heirs, jointly and leve-

ally, into the faid court of exchequer, as after directed; but

leclaring that the faid perfons (hall haye fuch claims againft each

>ther to be relieved of the faid fum, either in whole or in part,

is they would have had with refpect to their predeceffors debts,

f there had been no forfeiture.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral principal fums aforefaid (hall be made payable Wjjen the faid >y the different grantees, their heirs, and afligns, into the court fums fhall be )f exchequer in Scotland, in equal moieties, one half of each Pau|,nto t:* um at the term of Martinmas, in the year one thoufand feven cxcie<iucr* lundred and eighty-fix, and the other half at the faid term in he year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, t6gether vith intereft upon the whole at the rate of five pounds per cetir um per annum from the term of Martinmas, one thbufand feven tundred and eighty-four, until payment of the fums due, with .fifth part more of liquidated penalty in cafe of failure; for Barons of ex* vhich payments fo made, the lord chief baron, and other ba- chequer to ons of the faid court, or any three of them, are hereby im- &tvc )Owered, authorised, and Required to execute, on behalf of hrs Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and all others concerned, and :o deliver to thofe from whom the money is received, full and iraple receipts, difeharges, and renunciations of'the laid mo-1 Odd 3	ney.

Digitized by vjOOQ 1C

74$	Anno	vicefitno quarto GeorGII III* c. gfi Xif i

pey, principal and intcreft, <o paid® according ro Ih* jtorite prcfcribed by the law of Scotland far difcharging and renouncing hcrctablc debts and real incumbrances in that part of ilia unnod kingdom; which receipts* difeharges, and renunciations, lhall v be good, valid, and fuffiijient acquittances, in the. fame	|

ner, and as effectually, to all intents and purpofes, a^ if they I had been granted by his Majefty, his heirs or iqqceflor*; aify law or ufage to th£ contrary notwithftanding, ...	^	;

W4 monies, XIII. And be it enaAed by the authority qfore&dU That S^fhe^cxciie-* ^ monies, when paid into the court of exchequer as efore-quer, how to (hall be forthwith* by,order of the court, lodged inh'ifee dij(^Qfe4 of, royal hank or bank of Seotiandy or in any of the pobbek foods, for fuch intereft as can be obtained for the fame, tiff other wbe ditpofed of, in manner after directed.

XIV, And whereat tin barony and efiate of Strowan, which formerly belonged to Alexander Robcrtfon of Strowan, became forfeited to the crown by a decree or [entente of forfeiture faffed i* ike parliament of Scotland, in the year one ihmjand fix hundred and I ninety, fubjefl to the debts then owing by the [aid Alexander, Reunion, and the eftate was afterwards given b/uk to bis fomiy% andj having come into his pojfiJfion% new debts were tontradfad fij him $ but he having again commuted treafony and been attainted* tie gift was recalled, and the ejlate declared efibeat% and, bv a ckeufe in the [aid a£l of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his Ute Afefofay was annexed un&ienably to the crown* andrnone of the debts have yet been paid: and whereas the [aid Alexander Robcrtfon* late of {51 rowan, is now deady without having left iffue lawful <f his tody* and the invefiitures of the [aid eftate before the forfeiture fieaddu favour f heirs mtfte\ be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, fli* Majefty That it (hell and may be lawful to his tojajerty, his heirs aod th9 fucceffors, to give, grant, and difpone to lieutenant Colonel Suowant^c. Alexander Robertfony of the eighty-fecond regiment of foot* the forfeited* by * peqreft heir male of the .fai& Alexander Robertfxny and hre heirs the attainder and affigns, all and every the barony of StrcuxUty and other Sf^rderr ^hds, tenements, and hereditaments, which became for-SroJanTto fated by attainder of the (aid Alexander Robertfon* and which beot. col.	were annexed to the crown as afprefaid ; fubjedl always to, and

Alexander	chargeable with, the payment, tQ the creditors of the (aid de-

Ruber^fon;	ceafed Alexander Robertfon* of all the juft and onerous debt* due

pi ne?^ him, whether contracted before his forfeiture or afterwards d*bu with in- an accumulation qf inteieft on the debts contra&cd before U;reft, ’ " fhe forfeiture, as qt Chriflmq^ one thoufand feven hundred and fifty two j and likewife with the burden of paying the debts •	contracted by Margaret Robcrtfon> fifter to the faid deceafed

Alexander* who fome time pofllffed the eftate as a tru&ceioc the (family | the fajd lieutenant colonel Alexander Rohertjin^ and bis firefaids, being bound to relieve the crown and the pubbefc of all clajms and demands whatever at the inftadee of thefe ett-d*tors.

XV.	And whereas^ before the attainder* the fend efiates of Ard-KipJ<jch(noyd^r?» I^bgary, .end part of fie ofiaU of

chicl,

Digitized by Google

1784*1 Anno vldcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.	747

thief, tutrf bcldtn ofiht dykes of Argyle and Athol, as	,

from whom tidy were acquired by the publicity in virtue of powers given by the aforefaid ably faffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his hue Majejly\ be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That k (hall artd may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs and His Majeffy foefceffors, to give, grant, and difpone to John iukt of Argyle, "ia5r grant the his heirs and afligns, the fuperiorities aforefaid of the faid lands and eftates of Ardfhcaly Kinlocbmoydarty and part of Lochiely which eftates to the were formerly holden of his predeceffor, he or they always pay- duke of Ar-ing into the faid court of exchequer the fum of two hundred Jp1.** ‘Holland three pounds, eleven (hillings, and five-pence, and fix paWngcerMrin twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, for Ard- fumsiotothc Jhtali the fum of one hundred and fifty-two pounds, five (hil- exchequer; lings, and fixpence, and fix twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, for Kinlochmoydart \ and the fum of one thoofand two hundred and eighteen pounds, four (hillings, and five-pence fterling, of principal money, (or Lochiel; being the fums which his predeceffor received as the value of thefe fupc-riorities; and in like manner, that it fhall and may be lawful and the fu-to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, to give, grant, and dif-pone to John duke of Atholy his heirs and afligns, the fuperiority thTtluk eo? of the faid efiate oiLochgaryy formerly holden of his predeceilbr, Athol, on a he or they always paying into the laid court of exchequer the fimilar condU fum of one thoufand fix hundred and feventy-four pounds, fif- tl0U* teen (hillings, and fix twelfth parts of a penny fterling, of principal money, for the fame, being the value which nis prede-ceffor received; thefe fevcral fums to be paid at the term of IVhitfunday in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, with intereft'for the fame, at the rate of five per centum per imnunty from the term of MartihmaSy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, till the time of payment, with a fifth part more in name of penalty in cafe of failure; and the receipts, , difeharges, and acquittances for the fame, to be granted in manner before directed*

XVI.	And whereaSy for the relief of certain fmaller vafjatsy who held their lands and heritages of fome of thofe attainted perfonsy from the expense and burden of making up their tjtles by precepts from the chancery, and charters from the crown, an act was paffed in the	^

fecotld year of the reign of bis prefent Mqjeflyy intituledy An a<5t for Recital of % relief of the vaffals of the feveral eftates which are or may be an- Geo. 3. c. 17. hexed to the crown, by virtue of an adt paffed in the twenty-* fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty; and for carrying the purpofos of the faid adt more effectually into execution; xvhichy inter alia, empowered the commiffioners and trufiees for managing 'the faid efiatet to receive refignationsy and grant new charters containing precepts of fafmey and alfo to grant all other charters* precepts of clare conftat, and other writings whatfoevery neceffary or'competent for completing the titles of the forefaid vaffals, their heirs and fingidar fucceffwSy in their lands and other heretages refpeftivelyy to be holden fiu or blench of his Majejlyy his heirs and Juceejfbrsy in the fame yeay and manner as the faid lands and heretages weft then bolden'y or

P d d 4.	might

Digitized by Google *

Anno vicefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57- [*7#4.

might be hoi Jen of bis Majejiy; and which chartett9 precepts of fs-Jine% end precepts of clare contitar, to be granted by fucb cettirnhjfioriers and iiujlcti, were thereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the [aid vaffals, their heirs and finguhr juceejfvrs, for completing their infrftments in their lands and heritages ajorefaid, as if the /aid /*-feft meats had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the Jidl appointed by the treaty of union to be hept in Scotland in place of the great feaU or upon precepts from the chancery: and it was further deed red, that tfye compsjiticns payable by theje fmall vajfals fbould be , applied by the faid commijji oners for the fame ufes and purpofes as the dU:cr rents, profits, and cafudliies of the faid annexed ejlates ; pro-v\ led always, that it Jboufd be competent to the vaffals of the faid cjlates, their heirs and fngular fucceffors, or any of them, if they Jloould third ft, to make up their titles to their refpe&ive lands by precepts from the chancery, or charters "under the feat, in the fame way and manner as was competent to ether vajf d.s of the crown : be Certain yaffils if therefore cnaded by the authority afarefaid, That fuch of the ct the eitate* faid vauals of the eftates of Path, Cronfartyy or Strowan, as have to be^onil^* IT12C^e UP t^eir titles by fpecial fervices and precepts from the dtrrd as ' chancery, or by charters from the crown, fince the forfeiture, crow# vaffals. and their fucceflfors in the lands mentioned in fuch fervices, precepts, or charters, (hall be confidered.as crown va&te to all intents and purpofes, and fhall not now be obliged to hold of the fubjed fupeijorsj without prejudice, however, to their being obliged to pay their feu duties to thofe fuperiors j but that all others who formerly held their lands under the owners of any of the faid forfeited eftater, (hall ftill continue as fub-vatials under thofe perfons in whofe favour the faid eftdres are now to be granted 5 and the faid ad of his prefent Majefty is hereby repealed, fo far as it giyes them an option to Jiold of the crown.

XVII.	/Pnd whereas, in virtue of powers given by an afl pajfed fj Gfo. 3.C.33. in the fxtb year cj the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled. An ad to enable his Majdty to exchange the lands of Fernan and Lix, in the county of Pcrthy for other lands belopging to the right honourable John earl of Breadslbane, cailed PitkeUony, in the faid county ol ret thy the lands of Fernan, part of the annexed ejiatc of Strowan, and the lands of Lix, part of the annexed cjlate ■tj/" Perth, were difpmcd to the Jcid John carl ^ Breadalbanc, in exchange for certain parts of the ejlate <?/'Pitkellony, in the parifb <?/ Muthil and county of Perth, which lands j/'Pitkeilony He contiguous to, and aim of fur rounded by the cjtate of Perth ; be it enaded JlisT.Isjefly by the authoiity atorefuid, That the faid excagibion (hall re-mav grant the main cffcdual and binding upon all parties; and the fi*id lands lands of Pit- of Pukdlony, as particularly deferibed in the ad aforefaid, with wuh	tjthes	and pertinents, being now confidered as a part of the

of Perth C&c. £*^atP °f Perth, it (hall and may be lawful to his Majcfty, his J heirs and fucceffors, to give, grant, and difpone the fame to the perfon who obtain the grant of the faid eftate of Perth, fuch petfon, and his forefaids, always paying ;o the faid lieutenant colonel Alexander Robcrtfon^ and Ms fprefaids, at the term

of

Digitized by

784.] Anrvo vicefinao quarto Georgii III. 0/57,	749

>f lVh\tfundayy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the urn of three thoufand nin6 hundred and feventy-nine pounds, hirteen (hillings, and nine-pence fterling, being the fum at vhich the lands of Fcrnan, part of the eftare of Strowan, were alued at the date of the excambion, with intereu thereof, at he rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the term of Martinmas, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, until •ayment, with a fifth part more of liquidated penalty in cafe of allure.

XVIII. And be it enabled, Th2t where any of the faid eflates Clauferelative low intended to be reftored are held of fubjedl fuperiors, the to thofe eiiateo everal peffons, their heirs or afligns, in whofe favour the grants of'hibf^fu' ire to be made, (hall be intitled to receive their firft charters, pCriors# n virtue of the difpofitions by his Majefiy, from the faid fub-efl fuperiors of whom the lands are refpedtively held, for pay-nent of no higher dues or cafualties than are ufually given ipon entries of heirs, or than thofe perfons would be obliged 0 pay if they were entering as heirs to their feveral prede-:eflbrs.

XIX.	And whereas by the faid aft of the twenty-fifth of his late Majefy, and by the commiffmers and inf ru ft ions 'afterwards granted y his Majefy to the faid board of trufees, power was given to the % aid trufees to grant feus and leafes of the faid efatesy and of parts md portions of them, under certain conditions and refriftions therein peeijied: and whereas a variety of fuch feus and leafes have accord-ngly been granted by ibe faid board, fome of which, particularly of >he leafes, may not have been formally completed, but may yet fand upon minutes and refolutions of the boards though poffeffion may have 'allowed, or the parties rriay have bona fide relied upon fuch minutes md refolutions as binding; be it ena&ed. That nothing in this ijfl contained (hall be underftood as affe&ing the validity of any uch feus or leafes which have been thus entered into, and are wnafde.binding on the parties, though not regularly completed

formal deeds, without prejudice always to any challenge which the faid grantees, or any of them, may have to any of :he faid feus or leafes as unduly made, contrary to the powers, egulations, or conditions, fpecified in the faid a<3 of the twenty-lifth of his late Majefty, or the commiflions or inftrudlions fol-owing thereupon, or where the conditions may not have been duly implemented.

XX.	And provided always, and be it hereby declared. That where any of the faid feu rights contain claufes of redemption, mpoweting the board of truftees in any event to redeem them, he fame power of redemption (hall be competent to the feveral grantees.

XXI.	And be it enadfed, That the faid grantees (hall have r:ght to the rents and profits of the faid rcfpecfiive lands and lieretages for crop one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, ?nd all fuccecding years and crops; but the arrears of rent and arher profits due, or which may become due, for the faid lands and herejaggs for crop one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-

four^

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

This aEt not

to affe& the validity of feus or leafes granted by the board of truttees, in purfuance of the a&

*5 Geo.s,&c«

Powers of redemption competent to grantees.

Grantees to havt* rents and profits of faid lands for crop 1785. and all iucceeding years.

75#	Aftttd	vlcefimo	quarto	Gzo&giI III. 0.5^.	J

four* and all proceedings, (hall be diredted to be called inland I levied by the (aid lord chief baron and other barons of the court ! of exchequer* and (hall make a part of the general fund m tfcdg, | bands, and who (hall likewife grant difchafges and acquittances I for the fame, arid (hall be intitled to fue for payment'of kU monies directed by this ad to be paid in to them, accortbngfO *the ufual forms of law.

■ XXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afosefiud*

& That the aforefaid-board of truftees (hall be difcoatsnuext'fom tHtftees to be and after the term of Martinmas one thouGmd feven hundred wfeontinued and eighty-four, and the whole commiffions to officers -and tftaart* lc™ others employed under the board are hereby declared to be vold ifl*<	and of no effedt from that period.

XXIII.	But in refpett that fome of theft officers have bun bag ih that fetvite, and have devoted a great part of their time and tndujify for years pafl in attending diligently and faithfully to the duties 0/their feveral flattens under the fold board; be it therefore

Arirttilties enadied by the authority aforefaid, That out of the faid monies fhay be grant- which are to be paid into the court of exchequer in Scotland ed to fome of as aforefaid, an*annual fum, not exceeding five hundred and their officers) eighty pounds pet annum in Whole, (hall be allowed to the officers and fervants now employed at Edinburgh under the laid board during their refpedtive lives, fubjedt to the difiribution of the lord chief baron and other barons of the faid court of ex* cheque^

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the (hare to be given to each (hall ccafe and expire upon the death of the perfon receiving it, and (hall not be continued to the for* vivors or furvivor; and the (aid lord chief baron, and other barons of the exchequer, are hereby authorifed and impoweted to take the aififtance of fuel) perfon or perfons as they judge neceflary iri executing the bufiriefs committed to them, and to

* tnake fuch perfon or perfons a reasonable Compcnfatioa forhis or their trouble out of the faid fund.

Sft^gemerits XXV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all idirie under engagements which have already been come under fey the bvthfcboard, board, and have been confirmed by royal warrant before the b^o^wTr ** Pa®n£ l^s a<^» (hall ^ fulfilled and carried into execu-ber *ion *	*or<*	baron,	and other barons of the faid

fulfilled. court of exchequer, (hall iflue warrants for payment of the fame, and of the expences of pafling this a<5, and of the afiore-faid fums.to the officers, out of the firft arid readied of the (aid fums coming into their hands, and lodged in the faid royal bank or bank of Scotland, or iri any of the publick funds as aforefaid.

Preamble* XX VI. And VDbefeds d proper and fafe repofttory for containing ^Stor^for^ Ynor^ Scotland is much tyanteJ, qnd would be of great pul-the°rccords of && utility* and for that purpofe a large building of fione mas begin Gotland is to be erefled fcveral years ago In the new extended royalty of Edta-ffiueh warned, burgh ; bat the money allotted for it being exhaufied* the fame has Hot been completed^ and it U/W require a confidctablt fum tojfnijb a*i

Digitized by >ogIe

fthicti fail Seaie upon ftteif deaths.

1794-0 Anno vicefimo quarto GlQRGir III. c. 57.	'751

fit'Mp ibe faid bkitding, ond to providt a fund ftr keeping it in gtod conditionand repair: and whereas, by an aft faffed in the eighth ^yedr of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft for making Aft 8 Geo. j. and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carren, in the oounty of Stirling, to the frith or river of C/y<fr, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton; and &U& a*collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow\ and for making a navigable ctjt or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowftownefs, to join the faid canal at or mar the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth j the late Jphnditke ^/Bedford, and other perfons therein named, and their Juccejjbrs and ajftgns, were united into a company and body corporate, to make q certain navigable cut or canal between the firths or rivers of Forth and Clyde, and a collateral cut to the city of Glafgow; to pur-chafe land, raife money, andltvy tolls and duties for that purpffc: and whereas the eaftern branch of the. faid canal, from the river Forth to a plate called The flocking Field, and the collateral cut from thence to the city of Glafgow, or neighbourhood thereof, were completed federal years ago, but the funds contributed oy the fubferibers, or raifed upon the credit of their tolls, have been entirely exhaufted, and a confiderablc fum of debt remains due by them, 'and the wejlern branch of the faid canal from its prefent termination to the river Clyde, at or near Dalmuir Burnfoot, cannot be executed without a confiderable aid from the publick: and whereas the faid navigation, if completed, muft at all times, but particularly in time of war, be of the great eft importance to the trade of Great Britain and Ireland, by opening an eafy communication between the eaft and weft feas: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefatd. That the lord Btronsof the chief baron, and other barons of the faid court of exchequer, exchequer to (hall, out of the films coming into their hands, and lodged as pay certain aforefaid, fo foon as conveniently may be after paying or re- co^etTnz * taining what is neceflary for anfwering the feverabpurpofes al- the (aid repo-ready mentioned, pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the truftees to fitory, and be named by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, for fuper- towards corn-intending or overfeeing the. faid regifter office, the fum of fif- ncjC teen thoufand pounds fterling; and to the company of proprie- Clyde naviga* tors of the faid Forth and Clyde navigation, or their calhier, the tion. film of fifty thoufand pounds fterling, towards completing the faid works.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That the ftid films of From "ha* fifteen thoufand pounds fterling, and fifty thoufand pounds fterling, fhall be paid as aforefaid, with intereft upon them, intereft, (hall from the term of Martinmas, in this prefent year one thoufand be paid, feveo hundred and eighty-four, and without any deduftion whatfoever.	*

X3£VIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That the faid company of proprietors, of tht Forth and Clyde naviga- to"wl’ tion (hall make no dividends from the revenues of the faid makeno diyi-canal, till the whole debts which they at prefent owe, or here- dends until aU after may (pntraft in carrying on and flnifhing the fi*id under- thc,r <*«bts

X ' T taking,

Digitized by CjOO^lC

Intcreft due to tbe proprietors to be accumulated and added to the principal, '&c« .

Anno vicefimo quarto, Georgii III* a 57. £17*4.

taking, (hall be paid and difcharged; and (hereafter1 the free annual revenue or proceeds arifing out of the* toHs and other profits of the canal (hall be regularly applied in manner after mentioned.	!

XXIX. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That the intereft already due to the feveral proprietors of the hid navigation upon the fums fubfcribed and paid in by them, from the refpeAive periods when thefe form were paid, fhafi be accumulated and added to the principal as at the term of Martinmas in this prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the whole money fo accumulated (had from thenceforwards be conlidered as the ftock'of the company * and and fo foon as thp debts due by the company (hall be fully paid as before direAed, the faid company (hall be obliged to apply the faid free annual produce of the canal in making regular-dividends to the faid accumulated dock of the company* and to the feid fifty thoufand pounds, in an equal proportion, a faffi-cient fund being always retained for anfwering contingent ex-pences and repairs; which dividends for the faid fifty thoufand pounds (hall be paid into the faid court of exchequer in Sat* land.

-The company to deliver into the exchequer, annually, 311 ab-firaft of their books, (hiw« jug ihs Itate of th-.ir fundi ami debts,



XXX. And be it erraAed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid’company of proprietors (hall deliver into the faid court of exchequer once every year, an abftraA from the company's books, (hewing the precife ftate of the company's funds and debts, as well as the grofs revenue of the canal, and dedu&kffis therefrom, for the preceding year; which abftraA fhall befign-cd by the proper officer, and by a quorum of the committee of managers for the company refidem at Edinburgh oT Gtofg9W\ and the lord chief baron, and other barons of the fwd court of exchequer, (hall likewife, if they find it proper, caufe the books themfelves, or attefted copies thereof, to be produced to them

Proprietors of the navigation, when they begin the weltern branch of the canal, may borrow money on credit of the faid 50,0000!.

by the officer who has the cuftody of them, who (hall make oath to the juftice of the fame, if required; and it (hall be in the power of the faid court to ifllie every kind of procefs *nd compulfitory competent againft accomptants in exchequer* and debtors to the King, for compelling the managers of the faid company to deliver the faid annual abftraAs, and pfoduAion of the books when the court (hall think it neceftary, and likewife to prevent the payment of dividends till the debts are cxiin-guiffted, and thereafter to obtain a proportion able payment of dividends for the faid.fum of fifty thoufand pound* as aforefaid, when the lord chief baron and other barons* or arty three of them, (hall be intitled to receive and difeharge the fame.

XXXI. And be it enaAed,( That it-(hall and may be lawful for the faid company of proprietors of Forth and Clyde navigation, fo foon as they begin to execute the faid weftern branch of the canal, to borrow and raife money on the credit of the faid fuftt of fifty thoufand pounds, and to aflign their right to or intereft in the fame, in the whole or in part, as they may think proper, \o fuch perfon or perfo&s who fhall advance money on the fc-

curity

Google

1784-] Anno vicefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 57.	'	753

curity of the fame ; which alignments, when intimated ta the King's* remembAncer in the laid coqtt of exchequer, or Ivis deputy, and recorded in his office, fhall beheld as complete a«4	transferees of the right or intereft fo conveyed*;

and in cafe of repayment or extinction of the debt fo contracted, tbedifd^rgpg.and acquittances for the Came (hail be recorded ip the fetnc manner.

XXXII.	A^d whereas the fum to .be.paid into the [aid court of .

exchequer by th* fevered per fins before tkenticaed, in eonfideralien of the,annexed ejlqtej being reftored^ my happen not ta be exhaufted by the fiver,al applications already fpecified; hie it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the balance of money fo to be paid iq (hall Surplus of the rppi^in tinder the care of the faid court of exchequer in Scotland,	t0	j?e

to fa lodged in one or other of the faid publick banks or pub- exchequer, C lick, fundjs, fobjeCt to the future difpofition of parliament. i,0w to be ap-

XXXIII.	And be it enaCled by the authority aforesaid. That plied,

when any dividends (hall arife.frojn the faid fifty thoufand Dividends ppunds before mentioned, the fame fhall be applied towards from thc joking and repairing the ro?ds and bridges itvtbe Highlands of jpp]je°d't^ be Scotland, to which publick aid has hitherto been found necefiary w^s repair-to be granted in the annual votes of parliament.	ing the roads,

XXXIV.	And be it enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That inthe the (aid a& of.the twenty-fifth year of the feign of bis late Ma- Highlands, jefty, yihereby thc feveral eftates already mentioned were an- ^ irerealed* nexled to the crown, (bail be, and the fame is hereby repealed; ’41 p

apd all and every the faid lands, lprd(hip$, baronies, tithes, (al-mpo and other fifhings, and other like heretages and eftates Whatfoever, which became forfeited to his faid late Majefty * by the attainder of the feveral perfons herein-before named,

(hall from henceforth be difannexed from the imperial crown of thefe realms, in the fame manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the faid aCt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty bad never been made; any thing in the faid aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies General fay-politick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, fucceffors, ing. executors, and adminiftrators (other than and except tfie King’s

mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,) all fuch eftates, rights, titles, interefts, claims, and demands, of, in* to, and out of the lands and premifes to be granted as aforefaid, as they, every or any of ihem had before the paffing this aCl, or ihould or might have held or enjoyed, in cafe this aft had pever been made.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be Publick aft. deemed,*adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; aud (hall be judicially noticed as fuch by all judges, jufticcs, and other per-

ibns whomfoever.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno vleefimo quarto GeoUGII III. c. 58—

CAP. LYIH.

An	aft to indemnify fucb	per font as have omitted to fuali/y

for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of ibe or others who have omitted to regifier or deliver in tions wit bin the time limited by la, for giving further tme for tbofepurpcft\; and to indemnify members ana	in

cities,corporations', and borough	admiffioas^.	haft

been omitted to be	Jlamped actor ding to law, Saving bien

flumped,have been loft or	mifiaidi

provide admffions duly Jlamped 5 and to give	lime On

perfonsas have omitted to make and file	of the	execution

of indentures of clerks to, attornies and folicitors j' or to'pay the duties on the indentures end controls of clerks, apprentices or fervants. — Time enlarged to Dec. 25, 1784.

CAP. LIX.	•

An	aft for	extending, amending,	and altering the powers of an aft,

made in the eighth year of the reig of his prefent Majrjiy, intituled, An aft for making; and maintaining a navigable cat canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carton, in tb? county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dabnuir	in

■ the county of Dumbartonj and alfo a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow, and for making a navigable cut •r canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowfiouttnefs, to join the faid canal at or near the place where it will fall into thS firth of .

C A P. LX.

An aft for raiftng money to difebarge debts contrasted on	of

the poor within the parijb of Chrift Church, the county of Middlefex; for repairing and enlarging the prefent werkhoufe of the faid parijh j and for further regulating the manner of rating to the poor,appointing	overfters,and preferving all auouuts	re-

lating to the offices of churchwarden and ovtrftcr of the poor^ and treafurer, of the fame parijh.

C AP. LXI.

An aft for amending feveral roads leading from Woodftock, through Kiddington and Enftone, to Rollright Lanejd/i^ from Endow Bridge to Kiddington aforefaid, in tie efianty tj Oxford.

CAP. LXII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign	of	his prefentM An aft

for

1784.3	Anno vicefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 6$—6j, for repairing and widening the road from jtlford to Bojlon^ and from thence to Cowbridge, uvthe county of Lincoln,

CAP. LX III.

* ; •'

An aR toamend and render more, effectual fo much of two afls* made ' in the femd and twelfth years of the reign of hisjrefent Mojejly, for repairing, widening, and altering feveral roads leading . from Tavifioek to Plymouth, and other places in the county of

*	Devon* and for repairing and widening the road from the

*	guildhall, in Tavifioek aforefaid, through Matbew-Jlreet and Lower Brtok-flreet* to Cherrybrook* and to Dunna Bridge -Pound, and from the Callington turnpike road to Mtnvtlltom and 'New Quay* in the faid county, as relates to the toads leading frotn the lower market hoyfe* in Taviftock aforefaid* to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforefaid* and from M&nadoft Cate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dpck.

CAP. LX1V.

An oR to enlarge the term ahd powers of an cfl pajfed in the third year of bis prefent mayejly King George the Third, for amending and widening feveral roads leading from or near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes in the county pf

Dev**

CAP. LX V;

An aR for completing* widening* and keeping in repair* the road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes market-place* to Sheppard’s Shord ; and from the eafi end 0/* Devizes to the top of Red Hone, in the county pf W ilts; and for changing and altering part of the faid road,

CAP. LXVI.

An aR for amending* widening* and keeping in repair* the roads leading from the meeting boufe in the parifb tf/Llanegwad; to the lime kilns in'the parifb of Llanddarog ; and from Dan-yr-All* ift the faid parifb of Llanegwad, to ront-y-Berem in the parifi of Llaogendeirne, in the county of Carmarthen.

.CAP. LXVII.

Ah aft for repairing and widening the road from the fbambles in the borough of Plymouth, in ’the county of Devon, through Franks fort Gate, to Stonehoufe Bridge j and from the weft end of the ' faid bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play houfe* in the parifh of Stoke Damarel, in the faid county; for lighting, watching* and watering the faid road; and for regulating the Bonis and fares of carriages uftng the fame.

Digitized by Google

Anno yicefimo quarto Georoii III. C.|i—70. f j 7®4-

C A P. LXVIII.

An alt for repealing an a5ly made in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of King George the Se cofidy for repairing and widening cer-tain roads leading to and from the towns of Sajford, Warrington, Bolton, and .Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak, in Worfley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine 0/*L an carter 5 for making more ejfeftual provifion for repairing and widening the faid roads; and alfo for makings altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, n Dawfon Lane End ; and alfo from Agecroft Bridge, over fal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the faid county.

CAP. LXIX.

An at7 to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an acly made in the Jcvcnth year of the reign of his prefent Majeflyy for amending, repairing, and widening feveral roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening feveral other roads in the faid counties.

C A P. LXX.

An aSt for revivmgy continuingy and enlarging the term and powers of an afty pajfed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma~ jeflyy intitulcdy An a<5t for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Heady in the county of JVeft-morlandy through Sedberghy to Greeta. Bridgey in the county Palatine of Lancafler\ and from Bracken Bar Gate, near AJkriggy in the county of Yorky through Sedberghy to Kirkty Kendal; and alfo the road from the Four Lane Ends ia Martb-waitiy to the turnpike road on Grayrigg Haufty leaping from Appleby to Kirkby Kendaly in the faid county of fVeflmorbtnd.

END OF VOL. XXXIV;

Digitized by

Google

ADVERTISEMENT.

Although it is mentioned in the Title-Page of the firft Part of the Index to thefe Statutes, that it is continued only to the End of the Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain anno 1761, (which includes the Year of King George III.)—And the Continuation of the Index fpecifies, that the fame commences and is brought down from the fourth Year of King George III. to the 21ft of his Reign inclufive. — Yet the Reader may be affured, that there is no Chafm or Deficiency, but that all the intervening Ads of the fecond and third Years of this Reign are included in the faid firft Part of the Index, the fame having been carefully collated by the Editor.

Digitized by L,ooQle