The

Statutes at large.

from

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq ; Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

M,DCC,LXVHI.

THE

Statutes at iarge.

Anno octavo G e o r g i i III. Regis.

Being the SEVENTH Selfion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq-,

A

TABLE

OF THE    

<  CO  T  E S

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,    

halted Anne oftatoo .

GeorgII III. Regis.

Being the Seyenth Seflion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain«

PU&LtCK AC^S.

____________ i  '

Cap. i.'T'O continue and amend an aft tttade in thelaft X session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour* .

Cap. 2. To continue several aCts made in the last session of i parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour* I barley, barley meal, puUe, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free; and also fo much of an adt made in the fame session I as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty’s/* colonies in North America; and to allow the importation oS\ wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for a limited time* free o( ' duty.  .  .

Cap. 3. For the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, \ from any of his Majesty’s colonies in America for a time therein \ limited.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry* for the fervict of the year one thOufand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 5. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an VoL.XXVm  a  aft

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

aft parted in the seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one a ft pf par-lament, the fetfered statutes now in being for the amendment and ptefervation of the publick highways of this kingdom \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. To indemnify such jRj-fons as have omitted toqualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing furrier time for that purport?; and to indemnify member .and officers in cij&es, corporations, and borough towns, whose admifiions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or bavins been (lamped, have been loll or miflaid, and for’ allowing them time to provide ad-millions duly (lamped.

Cap. 7. For pupifhing tputiny ?nd defertion; apd for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou-fand feVeri hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 9. To continue and amend an aft made in the fifth j year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for [importation of Jolted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, \for a limited time3 and for allowing the importation of salted [beef, pork, bason, and bqtter, front the Britijh dominions in America, for a* limited tithe.

.Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the City, of Bath.

Cap. ii. For further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants’of England trading to the Eajl Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

Cap. 12. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (hore. •  •

Cap. 13. To explain and amend fo much of an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intitu'ed. An aft for granting ati aid to his Majesty for disbanding the army, and other necejfary occafions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irijh eftablilhment.

Cap. 14. For providing'proper accommodations for his Majesty’s justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of holding such feffions.

' Cap. 15. For the more speedy and effectual transportation of offenders.

Cap. 16. For making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market Street, in the city of Glafgow, to Saint An-drew’s Gburch, in the said city 3 and for enlarging and compleat-ing the,church-yard of the Caid church; arid for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; .and also for explaining and amending an aft passed in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the (aid city to the village of. Gorbellsi

-  Cap.  17*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 17. To amend an ad made in the seventh year of King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for regulating the journeymen toylors within the weekly bills of mortality. '

Cap. 18. For railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred andfixty eight.

' Cap. 19. For further continuing an ad of the iixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to amend and render I more effeftual, in bis MajeJly’s dominions in America, an aft pajfed j in this prtfent session of parliament intituled. An act for punifhing- -mutiny and deration, and for the better payment of therarmy and their quarters.

Cap. 20. For defraying the charge of the pay and doath-ing .of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Jlfarcb, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 21. For the better paving, deaniing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the fame, and -for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing aq ad made in the sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign for tbofe purposes.

Cap. 22. For the more easy and effectual recovery of the 1 penalties and forfeitures inflidea by the ads of parliament re- ;i iating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and *} plantations in America.

Cap. 23. To repeal fo much of an ad made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, as affects the island of Gufrnfey and ferfey, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said ifiands under certain re-ftridions and regulations ^ and for continuing an ad made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of sale doth in Great Britain,

Cap. 24. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt belonging to certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand (even hundred and sixty fix, and the passing the ad of the last ietfioa fbr prohibiting,the exportation of malt.  t

Cap. 25. For reducing the duties on foul fait to be ufed. for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of assurance ; for amending to much of an ad made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late MajestyKing Georgf the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties of cuftoms, and exempting from the duties of excise such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufadure, of the British sugar plantations in America, as shall be exported from this king-dom; for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported; for repealing a clause in an ad made in the last fetfidn of parliament, prohibiting the sale of condemned tea for home consumption ; for amending such parts of two ads

a 2  made

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his prefeat Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the warehouses belonging to the cuftom-houfe at London, foreign wrought silks and Velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.  1

Cap. 26. To enable his Majesty to make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other purposes -therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. For the further continuing several a<fts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty’s fubjefts.

Cap. 28V For licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich.

Cap. 29. For redeeming, the remainder of the joint Hock of annuities established by an adt made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign,* intituled. An aft for granting to his Ma-fefiy several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry ; and for raijing the sum \ of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

. CAP. 30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the jinking Fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 31. For raifmg a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on the (inking fund5 and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two acts of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the (aid fund.

' Cap. 32. For carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city* and Stamp Brookfbank efquire, secretary to the commissioners of his Majesty’s revenue of excife, for the purchase of Grefham College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging 5 and for vesting the fame unalienably in the crown for the purposes of erecfting and building an excise office there; and for enabling the lecturers of the said college to marry, notwithstanding any restriction contained in the will of Sir Thomas Grefham knight, deceafed.

Cap. 33. For opening certain paffages, and for paving the ’ftreets and other places, in the’parilh of Saint Leonard Shore-  1

ditch, in the county of Mtddlefex, and for preventing annoy- | ances therein.

Cap. 34. To enlarge and Vary the term and powers of an a St for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxfotd, over Botley Caufeway, to the turn- j pike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks \ and to provide more effectually forrepairing and Widening the ancient horse :  road

6

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road from the weft end of Botlej Caufeway to Witney, in fht county of Oxford.

Cap. 35. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurjl in the county of Kent.

Cap. 30. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Fralley Heath, in the county of Stafford, with a canal now making between the rivers Trent and Merfey.

Cap. 37. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the parish of Chines, in the county or Worcefter, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the borough of Droitwich, in the said county.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Birmingham to Bilftone, and from thence to AutherUy, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent j and for making collateral cuts up,to several coal mines.

Cap. 39. To continue the terms and enlarge the powers of several ails of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the Firft, and the twenty second of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Worcefier, through Droitwich, to Bromfgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and. to repeal an adt of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty for repairing the roads lying in and leading from Droitwich afore-faid j and for amending the several roads which were directed to be repaired by the said a ft.

Cap. 40. For rebuilding and enlarging the common gaol of the city and county of the city of Coventry \ and for appointing a place for the custody of prisoners in the mean time.

Cap. 41. For continuing and enlarging the powers bf an a ft patfed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An aft for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Hill, in the county af Gloucefter, to Frogg Mill, through the towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and parifbts of Hanbo-rough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in toe parish of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford j and also the road from Witney, through Eynlham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; except ib much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eyn~ Jham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and also for re* pairing and widening the road ftotx^fiampsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enflow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.  i

•Cap.-42; For enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an adl palled in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland near the fea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 43. To enlarge the term and powers of an a& made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile stone \wMaidJione, toTubPs Iflkc, in the parish Of Cranbroohe, in the county of Kent.

a 3  Cap. 44%

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 44* To amend and tender more effectual an ad made i in the second year of the reign of bis present Majesty, for Applying the town of Halifax with virater; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the streets and other places there; and for removing all nuiances, incroachments, and obflrudions, within the said town, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 4$. To continue and render more effectual several ads t passed for repairing the road leading from TheStones End, in the pariOi of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of MiddUfex, to the fartheroioft part of the northern road, in the parish of Enfield, in the fame county, next to the pari(h of Chejbunt, in the county of Hertford; ana for amending the road from Tbe Watch House in Edmonton, to Hoe Market Place in Enfield.

Cap. 46. For repealing an ad made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late inajefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, andekanfmg, enlightening, and paving, thefireets, fquares, lanes, end other paffages, and repairing the highways and caufeways, and regulating the poor within the pari/h of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of    Middlesex$ and for making more efiedual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 47. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Huddersfield, in the weft riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chefter\ and from thence to a bridge over the river Merfey, called En-terclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

Cap. 48. For continuing the terms of several ads made in the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing-feveral roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and for amending the said ads, and reducing them into one ad of parliament.

Cap. 49. To enlarge the teftn and powers of an ad made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from The Green Man in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, to Beckington, in the county of Somerfet; and for repealing fo much of an ad made in the fame year for repairing leveral roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerfet, as relates to the road from a place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Frejbford to Halts Clofe in Limpley Stoke5 and tor amending the said roads, and also several other roads leading from or near the roads included in the said ads.

Cap. 50. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the road leading from Reading, in the county of Berks, through Henley, id the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondejbam, and Cbeynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmanjworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield\ in the county of Hertford; and also the road leading out of the said road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byjham,

to

' A TAtfLE of the STATUTES.

to or near the thirty mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.  >

Cap. 51. For amending and widening several roads leading^ from the town of Bijbop’s Cajile, and from Montgomery, to the turnpike road at fVefbury, and from BroBon, to the turnpike road at Minjlerley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.  1   -

Cap. 52. For repairing and widening the road from the way post in the par'rfh of Hardingjlon, in the couhty of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said county.

Cap. 53. For repairing and widening the r6ad from Bucklarti Dinham, to the dnd of the parifti of Tmjbury •, and also the road, from Midfummer Norton, to the end of the parish of Norton Saint Phillips ; and also the road from Tucker's Grave, to the road leading from Wellow, to a place knowii by the name of The Red Poll, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap\j4. For amending and widening the road from the city of York, Ho the top of Ofwaldkirk Bank, and frdrtV rite said road in Sutton Field through Craike towards Oulfton, td the extent of the lordship of Craike, in the county of York.

Cap. 55. For amending the road from O iftopher's Bridge, in; the borough of Thetford> in the county of Suffolk, to the north east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 56. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, and^ to enlarge the term and powers granted by an a<5t patted in the' twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, fo far as the* said adt relates to the repairing and widening the road from the town of Kingflon upon Thames,in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfeld, in the county of Southampton,  . ''

Cap. 57. For the better supplying the town of Dunbar with, freih water.

Cap. 58. For taking down the prefettt (hire-houfe in the market-place of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious v plan in the market-place of the said town.  *

Cap. 59. For repairing several roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

Cap. 60. For repairing several roads leading through the coun^ ty of Roxburgh.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the road from the Mayor* Stone in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford in the said county.

Cap. 62. For the better paving and cleansing the ftreets, and^ other publick passages in the town of Portfmouth, in the county* of Southampton; and for preventing nufances and annoyances therein j and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious.

Cap. 63. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or can^l fooih the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of: Stirling, to the firth of

a 4  river

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

river of Clyde9 at or near a placecalled Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the. county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the fame to the city, of Glafgm%. and. for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowftounnefs, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will tall into the firth of Forth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

x, A N a6t for dividing and inclosing the open and common

Jl\ fields and meadows of Stow, within the parish of Tbreekingham, in the county of Lincoln.

a. An a6i to enable James Shutileworth the younger efquire, and his iflue, to take and use the surname and "arms of Holden, pursuant to the will of Robert Holden efquire, deceafed.

а.  An a61 to enable John Swinfen (lately called John Grundy) and his iflue, to take and use the surname and arms of Swinfen*

4.  An a6t to enable the reverend Ralph Drake clerk, and his ifiue, to take and bear the surname and arms of Brockman, pursuant to the will of James Brockman efquire, deceafed.

5.  An adl for naturalizing William Aubert.

б.  An a6t for naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam.  \

7.  An a6t for naturalizing John Francis RoJJier, Charles Au~

.gujlus Rodolph Lewis de WiUermin, Nicholas Freeze, John James \ Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.  j

8.  An a# for dividing and inclosing the open and com- j mon fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other ■! commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Loughton, in I the county of Bucks.

9.  An a6t for continuing, eftablilhing, and confirming, the surname and arms of Wallinger, unto John Wallinger formerly called John Arnold, and his ilfue, pursuant to the will oi.John Wallinger, his late uncle, deceafed.

10.  An a6t to enable Judith Paul, and her ifiue, to use and take the name of Saint Paul.

11.  An a6t for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff.

XL. An a6t for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons, within the lordlhip or liberty of Rempjione, in the county of Nottingham.  j

13.  Ap aft for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures, within the townlhip of Hotham, in the east riding of the county of York.

14.  An afor dividing and inclosing the open and common j fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, on the south | and weft parts of thp river Leam, in the manor and parish of Remington Priors, in the county of Warwickt

15.  An a6t for dividing and inclosing the open and common .

fields, meadows, apd common fen, within the parilhes of 5/7-  '

lingborough and Birtborpe, in the county of Lincoln \ and for draining and improving the laid fen,  1

16. An  |

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

16- An act for dividing and inclosing the open and coannoKt-fields, common paftures, commons, and wades, within the-townlhip of Millington, in the county of York.

17.  An act for dividing and indoiing the several open fields, lands, grounds, meadows, padures, commons, and wades, within the townlhip of Bridlington, in the ead riding of the county of York; ana for extinguilhing the right of common, or average, upon certain ancient inclofures, within the fame townlhip.

18.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadow grounds, Iheep downs, commons, common heaths, and other wade grounds, in the in-parifli of Wtnfritb Newburgh, in the county or DorfeU .

19.  An act for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, meadow grounds, heath, and commonable lands, in the parish of Kitton, in the county of Rutland.

20.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, marlhes, wade grounds, commons, carrs, padure, and moor, within the manor of Hooky in the parish of Snaithy in the county of York; and for maintaining the banks within the said manor and townlhip.

21.  An act for dividing and inclosing the several com* mons, common heaths, and wade grounds, in the manor of Mordeny in the county of DorfeU ^

22.  An act for dividing and inclosing several dinted pastures within the townlhip of Litton, in the parish of Arndiffe^ in the county of Yorif

23.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common and wade ground, within the townlhip and manor of Cononly9 in the parish of Kildwick, in the wed riding of the county of York.

24.  An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, within the manor or lordlhip of Tilfwortb, in the county of Bedford, ^

25.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures; and other com* tnonabie lands and grounds, in the parish of Wougbton on the Green9 in the county of Bucks.

26.  An act to diHolve the marriage of Thomas Brooke doctor in phyfic, with Harriet NelthorpCy his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; anil for other purposes therein mentioned.

27.  An act for exemplifying or inrolling an indenture of settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the will and. codicils of of Brooke Bridges efquire; and making the fame evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

28.  An act to enable Thomas Killborny and his ifiue male, to take and use the surname of BurroweSy pursuant to the will of John BurroweSy deceafed.

29.  An act to enable Thomas Jennet, an infant, and his iflue, to take and use the surname of Worge only, pursuant to the will pf George Worge, deceafed.

30.  An act to enable the most noble John duke of Bedfordy

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.-  !

and the most honourable Elizabeth marchioness of Tavi flock, and the survivor of them, and such person or persons as they, or the survivor of them, (hall, by any deed or writing, or by his or hei* last will and teftament, nominate or appoint, to make leaies of the real eftates, late of the most honourable Francis Ruffel, called Marquis of Tavifloct, deceafed.

]  31. An ait for vesting several undivided parts of divers baro-

nies, lands, and hereditaments, late the eftafte of Brice Fijher efquire, deceafed, situate in the provinces of South Carolina and Georgia in America, in truftees, to be fold, and discharged of the uses of the will of the said Brice Fijber; and for vesting the money ariiing by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called England, to be fettled to the uses of the said will.

32.  An act for establishing and confirming articles of agreement, dated 31ft of March, one thousand (even hundred and sixty (even, between the honourable William Edwardes, Rotvland Edwardes, John Owen Edwardes, efquires, and the right honourable Henry lord Holland, concerning the manor of Abbots Ken-frngton, and divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parish of Kenjington., in the county of Middlefex; and for vesting such manor, lands, and hereditaments, in truft, to fell and convey the fame to the said Henry lord Holland, and. for other pur- i poses therein mentioned.

33.  An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in the county of Berks, late the eftate' of Charles lord vifeount Fane, deceafed, and which, upon his death, became veiled in pofleffion, in Dorothy countess of Sandwich, in truftees, and their heirs, in truft, to be fold; and for applying the money to arise by the sale thereof in the manner therein mentioned.

34.  An act to enable William Tufnell Joliff efquire, lord of the manor of Barners, otherwise Barnerfbury, in ljlington, in the county of Middlefex, to grant building leases of the demesne lands thereto; and to rate and assess fines on certain copyhold lands, within the said manor, for encouraging the tenants to build thereon.

35.  An act for sale of the freehold eftate, late of Roger Drake

efquire, deceafed; and for laying out the money arising thereby .for the benefit of Roger Drake, an infant, his eldest fon and heit at law.  '  v

36.  An act for making a building, intended fora chapel, lately erected by William Wright efquire, in the township of Stockport, and county and diocese of Chejler, a perpetual cure and beneficej and for endowing the fame.

37.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common and heath, called Navcjlock Common and Heath, within the manors of Na-vejlock and Lofthall, in the county of EJfex.

38.  An act for felling part of a green, called Nunfs Green, in •the borough of Derby, in the county of Derby, and for apply-ing the money arising from the sale thereof, in the improve^

ment

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ment of the remaining part of the laid green $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

39.  An aft for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in WiehtHekvaA Weeton, in the parish of Welwitk, in Holdernefs, in the east riding of the county of York.

40.  An act for dividing and inclosing the' several fields, mea*-dows, wafte, and other commonable lands, lying within the manor or liberty of Little Sbeepy, in the county of Lettejltr.

41.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields!, meadow grounds, and common fen, in the parish of Morton,'in the county of Lined*, and for draining and improving the said fen.

4.2. An-ad for dividing and inclosing several open and com*-tnon fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordlhip or liberty of AJbby de laZoucb, in the county of Leicejleri ’

43.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pafiures, and commonable lands, in the parish of Wil-loughton, in the county of Lincoln.

44.  An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, waste grounds, open fields, common meadows, and common pafiures, in the liberty of Littleovtr, within the parish of MklUovtr, in the county oi Derby.

45.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and town fields, within the townfiup 61 East Ayton, in the parish of Searner, in the county of York.

46.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open Helds, common meadows, and common pafiures, in the parish of Norman-ton next Derby, in the county of Derby.

47.  An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds, in the parifites of-Laienbeatb and Brandon, in the CPunty of Suffolk.

48.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and Other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilhes of Lilley and Offley, in the county of Hertford, except a certain iheep down, commonly called Lilley Hoe, in the parish of Lilley, ana certain lands, part of the said common fields, lying south east of Weft Lane End, the Mill Houfe, mdColtfs Crofs, arid north east of the town of Offley.

49.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, lands’,

and grounds, within the townlhip of North Button, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the county of York.  '

50.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, within the liberties of Epperfone, in the county of Nottingham. ’■

31,  An act for dividing and inclosing feveraTcommons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Wavertree, in the parish of Cbildwall, in the county palatine ol: Lancdjltr.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pafiures, and other commonable lands, within ............. 3  the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

a£t parted in the seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the federal ftatutet now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom; and for other pu rpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. To indemnify such jRrfons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing furrier time for that purpftip; and to indemnify member, vand officers in cities corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be ilamped according to law, or having been (lamped, have been loll or miflaid, and for’ allowing them time to provide ad-miffions duly (lamped.

| Cap. 7. For pupilhing mutiny ?nd defertion3 apd for -the j better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou-fand feVeh hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 9. To continue and amend an a& made in the fifth 1 * year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An a£t for importation of Jolted beef, pork* bacon, and butter, from Ireland,

1 Xfor a limited time5 and for allowing the importation of salted ' \beef, pork, bacon, and blitter, front the jBritijb dominions in America, for a* limited tiitae.  .

.Cap. 10. To enable his Majelly to licence a playhouse in the city, of Both.

Cap. 11. For further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants* of England trading to the Eqft Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

C^p. 12. For the regulation of his Majelty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 13. To explain and amend fo much of an a& made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the Thirds intituled. An all for granting an aid to his Majesty for dijbanding the army, and other necejfary occafions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irijh eftablilhment.

Cap. 14. For providing-proper accommodations for his Majesty’s justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of holding such feffions.

- Cap. 15. For the more speedy and effectual transportation of offenders.

Cap. i6. For making and widening a palTage or street from The Salt Market Street, in the city of Glafgow, to Saint Andrew's Gburch, in the said city; and for enlarging and compleat-ing the .church-yard of the Cud church 3 arid for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an a& patted in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgow, and for building a bridge cross the (kid river, from the bid city to the village of Gorbellsi

Cap. 17*

A TAB LE of the S TAT U T E S.

Cap. 17. To amend an ad made in the seventh year of King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for regulating the journeymen toylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

Cap. 18. For railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and.fixty eight.

. Cap. 19. For further continuing an ad of the sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to amend and render I more effeftual, in his Majejly's dominions in America, an aft passed j in this prefentfejfien of parliament, intituled. An act for punilhing- -mutiny and deiertion, and for the better payment of the1 army and their quarters.

Cap. 20. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-ing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of fylqrch, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 21. For the better paving, deanling, and enlighten* ing, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the fame, and -for other purposes therein mentioned } and for repealing aq ad made in the .fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign for those purposes.

Cap. 22. For the more easy and effectual recovery of the 1 penalties and forfeitures infiided by the ads of parliament re* 1 lating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and *j plantations in America.

Cap. 23. To repeal fo much of an ad made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, as affects the island of Gufrnfey and ferfey, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said islands under certain re-ftridions and regulations ^ and for continuing an ad made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making ;of sale cloth in Great Britain,

Cap. 24. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt belonging to certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fix, and the palling the ad of the last session fbr prohibiting the exportation of malt.  t

Cap. 25. For reducing the duties on foul fait to be used for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of afiurance; for amending fo much of an ad made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty'King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties of cuftoms, and exempting from the duties of excise such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufadure, of the Briti/h sugar plantations in America, as lhall be exported from this king-dom; for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported; for repealing a clause in an ad made in the last felfibn of parliament, prohibiting the sale of condemned tea for home consumption ; for amending such-parts of two ads

a 2  made

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his prelent Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the warehouses belonging to the cuftom-houfe at London, foreign wrought iilks and Velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.  '

Cap. 26. To enable his Majesty to make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of. the duchy of Cornwall, of annexed to the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. For the further continuing several adls of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale filhery carried on by his Majesty’s fubjedls.

Cap. 28’. For licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich. Cap. 29. For redeeming, the remainder of the joint stock of annuities eftablilhed by an adt made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign,* intituled. An aft for granting to his Ma-jejly several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom * and certain duties upon all cyder and perry ; and for raijing the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

• CAP. 30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and lixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this ieffion of parliament.

Cap. 31. For railing a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two adls of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the said fund.

Cap. 32. For carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city* and Stamp Brookfbank efquire, secretary to the commissioners of his Majesty’s revenue of excife, for the purchase of Grejbam College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame unalienably in the crown for the purposes of eredling and building an excise office there; and for enabling the ledturers of the said college to marry, notwithstanding any restriction contained in the will of Sir Thomas Grejham knight, decealed.

Cap. 33. For opening certain paffages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the’parifh of Saint Leonard Shore-ditchy in the county of MiddlefgXy and for preventing annoyances therein. *

Cap. 34. To enlarge and vary the term and powers of an adt for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxfotdy over Botley Caufeway, to the turnpike road near Fifieldy in the county of Berks \ and to provide more effe^ually tor repairing and Widening the ancient horfe

road

6

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road from the weft end of Botley Gaufeway to Witney, in fht county of Oxford.

Cap. 35. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurft in the county of Kent.

Cap. 36. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Fralley Heath, in the county of Stafford, with a canal now making between the rivers Trent and Merfey.

Cap. 37. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the pari(h of Claines, in the county or Worcefter, to or near a 4 place called Gbapel Bridge, within the borough of Droitwich, in the said county.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Birmingham to Bilftone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to several coal mines.

Cap. 39. To continue the terms and enlarge the powers of several afts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the Firft, and the twenty second of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Worcefter, through Droit-with, to Bromfgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and. to repeal an aft of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty for repairing the roads lying in and leading from Droitwich afore-faid ; and for amending the several roads which were directed to be repaired by the said aft.

Cap. 40. For rebuilding and enlarging the common gaol of the city and county of the city of Coventry; and for appointing a place for the custody of prisoners in the mean time.

Cap. 41. For continuing and enlarging the powers bf an aft passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An aft for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Hill, in the county Gloucefter, to Frogg Mill, through the towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and parijbks of Hanbo-rough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the parijb of Kidfington, in the county of Oxford 5 and also the road from Witney, through Eynlham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; except fo much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eyn» Jham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and also for rc*> pairing and widening the road fxQ^kfiampsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enftow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.  ;

■ Cap. 42. For enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland neat the fea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 43. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile stone in Maidflane,x&Tublfr fpke, in the parish Of Cranbrooie, in the county of Kent.

a 3  Cap- 44**

Anno octavo GEorgii III. c. 56—63.  [ijG?,

CAP. LVI.

An act to explain, amende and render more effeditaU end to enlarge the term and powers granted by an ad pajfed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majejly^fofar as thefaid ad relates to the repairing and widening the roaa from the town {/'Kingfton upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LVIL

An act for the better supplying the town {/'Dunbar, with frejb water•

CAP. LVHI.

An act for taking down the present Jbire-houfe in the market-place of ■the town {/’Hertford, in the county {/"Hertford 5 and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious plan in the tharlet-V place of the said town.

CAP. XIX.

An act for repairing several roads leading through theeounty {/'Selkirk.

CAP. LX. (

An act for repairing several roads leading through the county {/'Roxburgh.

CAP. LXL

An act for repairing and Widening the road from the Mayor’s (lone in Abingdon, in the county i/Berks, through Cummer, to the an-tient horse road at S winford in the said county.

CAP. LX1I.

An act for the better paving and cleansing the flreet$> and other pub-lick pajfages in the town of Portfmouth, in the county {/’Southampton j and for preventing nufances and annoyances therein $ and for widening and retidering the fame more commodious.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal front the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Car-ron, in the county {/'Sterling, to the firth or river {/’Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton 5 and also a collateral cut from the fame to the city of Glafgow ; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the ' port and harbour of Borrowftounnefs, to join the said canal at or near the place where it willfall into the firth of Forth.

J.

A

TAB  L E

OF THE  r '

S T A T U  T El

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,  

faffed Anno nono

Georg11 ill. Regis.

Being the Second Seffiop of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUB LICK ACTS.

Cap. i. ^ I x O prohibitj for a further time, the exportation " J. of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, and starch j and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from, wheat and flour.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and defertion; and for the bet- J ter payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. To allow for a further time the free Importation of t rice into this kingdom, from his Majcfty’s colonies in North f America.  '

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thbtf-fand seven hundred and sixty nine.  J

’ Cap. 6. For the more effectually preventing the clandeftint? importation of foreign-fpirits; and for explaining such part bf an act made in the fifth year qf the reign of his present Majesty, as relates<to the penalties infKCted upon persons fdlingTile, beer,

♦ Vol. XXVIII.  *  a  or

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

t>r other excifeable liquors by retail, without licence; and for taking away certain powers granted by former a As, for puni thing persons conviAed of retailing spirituous liquors without licence.

Cap, 7. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 8. For repairing, improving, and better preserving of the harbour and quay of Wells* in the cqunty of Norfolk

Cap. 9. To continue an aA made in the eighth year of the reign of his preftnt Majesty, intituled, 'An oft to continue and a-* mend an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Maje-fly* intituled, An aA for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland* for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork* bacon, and butter, from the Britijh dominions in America* for aJimited time.

Cap. io. For the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the parish and borough of New Windfor, in the county of Berks* and for preventing nu-fances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 11. For repealing fo much of an aA made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An jfft to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined* and for the further remedying the illftate of the coin of the kingdom* as restrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, alehoufe, or vi&ualling-houfe, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publickly using any wrought or manu- | fa&uretl plate, or any utensil or vessel thereof, except spoons ; i and for putting an end to^profecutions commenced for offences I against such part of the said aA.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offiees and employments within the time limited bylaw, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members, and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be (lamp- ! ed according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been loft pr miflaid, ana for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ftamped.

Cap. 13. For the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the liberty of St. Martin le Grand* within the city and liberty qf Weftminfier, in the county of Middlefex** and for pre* venting obftruAions and annoyances therein.

Cap* 14. For appointing commiifioners for putting in execu-. tion an a A of this session of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax* to be raised in Great Britain, Jor the service of the year one thoyfandfeven hundred and sixty nine; and for securing and preserving duplicates of afTefTments, and other papers relating to the land tax.

Cap. 15. For railing a certain.fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine*

Cap. 16. To amend and render more cffcAual an aA made

in

A TABLE of thi? STATUTES.

in the twenty hrft year of the reign of Ki^g Jqmes the Firft, intituled, An aft for the general quiet of the subjects agqirfl all pretences of cmceatmm{ whatfnever. ^

Cap. 17. For enabling bis Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of York; and in the town and jCqunty of the town ojf Kingflon upon HulL

Cap. 18. For amending and further continuing an aft of the sixth year of his present Majeftv’s reigp, intituled. An act to q? \ mud and render more ejtfiftuql, in his Majejlys dominions in Ame-rica, an aft pqffed in this present fejfm of parliament, tntiiuledi An act for punching mutiny and deferuon, and for the better pay* ment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 19. To iinpower the high court of Chancery tq lay out, upon government fecurities, a further sum pf money, not exceeding a Tuip therein limited, out of the corn (non and general caffe in the bank of England belonging tq the suitors of the said court; and to apply the intereftarifing therefrom towards angering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

Cap. 20. To enable the justices of the peace in the gene? ral quarter sessions of their respective counties and divisions to repair the (hire halls, county halls, or other buildings, wherein the assizes or grand fefiiqns are usually held. v Cap. 21. For the more effectual paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets* laqes, alleys, and publick paflages^ in the town of Gainsburgb, jn the county of Lincolns and fear laying a duty on all coals brought to the said town to be fold, and for applying the fame to such pur poles.

Cap. 22. To amend, and render more effectual an aft palled fn the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled., An aft for paving the Jlreets, and other places, in that part of the parish 0/*Sair\$ Botqlph Aldgate which lies in the county ^Middlefexj and part of a Jlreet, called East Smithfield, in the precinct of Saint Catherines and for cleanfing, light mg* and watching the famey and preventing obJlruMions and annoyances therein.

~Cap. 23. To amend and rpnder more effeftpal an aft of the twenty eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the open places, fquares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paf* fages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly watch and beadles within the said parish \ and for impow?ring the trhftees, in jthq said ad named, to pave the laid streets and other places within the said parifh, and to remove annoyances and obftrpftions.

Cap. 24.. For carrying into execution certain proposals made by the Eqft India company for the payment of th# annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, in respect of the territorial acquilitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaji Indies.

Cap. 25. for making perpetual an aft made in the first year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled. An act to continue ibe duties for encomagement of the coinage of money.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 26. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 27. To continue certain laws therein mentioned, for Suiting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his ajeftys provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty as. is now paid on the exportation or rice from the (aid colonies to places in Europe situate to the southward of Cape Fmjlerre.

Cap. 28. To permit the inhabitants offer fey and Guemfty to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British colonies in America.) goods neeeffary for the fifhery, under certain reftridtions; and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum) and to kmd the fame in the said iflands.

Cap. 29. For the mote effectual punilhment of such persons as (hall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or fpoil, any mill or mills; and for preventing the defraying or uamaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines; or fences for in-clolihg lands in pursuance of ads of parliament.

Cap. 30. For repealing fo much or an adt palled in the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy; and for the'more effectual prefer-vation of such harbour moorings; and punishment of persons guilty of Healing or embezzling his Majesty’s naval (tores; or of forgery or perjury in relation to feamens wages.

Cap. 31. For the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent

firoftitutes; and for extinguishing the right of common of and n certain lands in Saint George's fieUs> in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 32. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the pariui of Saint Nicholas within the . city of Rocbejler and pari(h of Strood in the county of Kent; and i for making a road through Star Lane, across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said county.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in this felfion of parliament.

Cap. 35. For difcontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign (hips, the drawback of such part of the duties . payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron imported in British (hips; to prohibit the exportation of pig and bar iron, and certain naval (lores, unless the preemption thereof be offered to the commifiioners of the navy; to repeal fo much of an ad made in the sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, as' discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported ;•

for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for providing a compensation to the deFks in the offices of the principal secretaries of. ftate, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an ad, made in the fourth .year of .the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the lending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage ; and td explain and a-mend the said ad.

Cap* 36. For applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 37. For reviving several ads for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles5 and for indemnifying jtmices of the peace, and others, who have acted under the faia ads ; and for indemnifying persons ho have omitted to make and hie affidavits ; and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contracts with clerks and apprentices; for mak-t ing forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed ; and for repaying to Jofeph Glover and ^ohn Bill' the duty by them paid on a cargo of wheat, and for allowing the fame to be landed for home confumption; and for preventing parifti poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

Cap. 38. For further encouraging the growth and culture of [ raw filkin his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America.

Cap. 39. To permit the free importation of certain raw I hides and fkins, from Ireland and the British plantations in Ame- j rica> for a limited time 5 and for taking off the duties upon feal !} (kins tanned of tawed in this kingdom, and for granting ano-ther duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all persons with re-fpe<5t to adviiing or executing any of his Majesty’s orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns, and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importaion of such hides, horns and hoofs, for the future.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing * of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thouiand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 41*. For better securing the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to Lon* don i for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty’s cu* ftoms in the province of Senegamhia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employment* in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences;' for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods, in forests and chafes ; and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called * Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

Cap. 42. For explaining, amending, and continuing, an a ft made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An all to explain, amend, and reduce into One all of parli*

,  * .  a  3  ament  f

A TABLE of tte STATUTES.

mlnenU the fevetal laws -new in bring* relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great* Britain taffed England.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the reads from the turn^ pike road at Golford Greeny in the parish of Cranbrooh\ to the turnpike road in the parifti of Sandhnffi* and from the green near Benenden Churchy to The Bull Inn at Rolvenien Craft in the cohrity of Kent.

Cap. 44. For erecting a market houfc, and holding a market in the town of Taunton* in the county of Somerfet; and for preventing the holding of any market in the streets of the (aid' town ; and for cleanfingthe ftreets, and preventing npifances and ob-ftmftions therein , and foe lighting certain streets in the said | totvn.  •

Cap. 4c. For repairing the road from the turnpike-gate in thfe township of Greenfield* to the north limits of the township of Mqfiyn* and from Moflyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y I Afar to Pen y Fordd Wain* in the counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Cap. 46. For repairing the road from the town of Denbigh* to the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell*, and from A-von Wen* to the town of Mold, in the counties of Denbigh and I Flint.

Cap. 47. For amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair* several roads leading' from the borough, of Dorchejier, in the county of Dorfit; and for repealing fo touch I of an aft passed in the sixth year of his ptefent Majesty’s reign* is relates to the repairing the road leading from Wool, to the said borough,  ,

Cap. 48. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft passed in the sixteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Marlborough to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beckdmp-hn to the top of Cheriil Hill; and from Avebury to Rockhampton* in the county of Wilts*, and for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton; and from the north fide of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Bhnfden* in the Said couhty.  *

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road leading from Moreworth Crofs* to the road leading from Seal to frrotham fhath** and also the said road from oppofit'e the house of William Dalifon eftjuire* to Hadlow Street in the codnty of Kent.

* Cap. 50. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Gloucejler* towards Hereford* ana other redds therein mentioned 5 and for amending several other roads near or' adjoining to some of the said roads.

Cap. 51. For enlarging the term and powers granted by ait aft passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Maje* fly, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bujb Common* in the parish of Harlow* in the county of EJfex* to Stump Crofs, ip the parish of Great Cboflfa ford) in the laid county.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Op. <a. To continue the term and enlarge the power* osso much of an ad made in the feveuteenth year of the reign of bis 1 late Majesty, as relates to the road from the town of Buckingham* in the county of Buds, to the north extent of the parish of Han-well> in the county of Oxford, leading towards fVxtmington Gate.

Cap. 53. To rectify a mistake in an ad palled in the eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled. An oft for making and maintaining a navigable tut or tonal, from Birmingham to Bilftone* and from tbente /e Autheriey, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and T rent 9 and for making collateral cuts up to fevtr.ai coal miner, and to explain and amend the said ad.

Cap. 54. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad made in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the suburbs of the city of York, to New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the county of .York 9 and also from Spittle Houfe, in the Eajl Riding of the said county to Scarborough aforefaid.

Cap. 55. For repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the bounty of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county 9 and from thence to New-taftle under Line, in the county of Stafford 9 and from Shawbury atorefaid, to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the said county of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county 9 and from thence to the turnpike road in Sandferd, in the said county.

Cap. 56. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salopi

Cap. 57. For continuing two ads made in the sixth year of King George the Firft, and in the seventh year of his late Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Montraje and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with frelh water, and for other purposes theiein mentioned.

Cap. 58. For repairing the road from the town of Ctrencejler, in the county .of Gloucejitr, to the tenth mile stone from Cireri-cejler at or near the east end of the town of Tetbwry, and from the weft en'd of the churchyard in the said town of Tetbury to a gate in the said county near The Monument upon Lanfdown.

Cap. 59. To impower the right honourable Sir Henry Coven-difb, baronet, to (hut up certain roads, and a foot path in the parish of Doveridge, in the county of Derby 9 and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building intended for a new church in the town of Manchejier, and for. making the fame a perpetual cure and benefice 9 and for other purposes.

a 4  Cap.

A TABLE o? Ae STATUTES.'

• Cap. 61. For railing money to difcharae debts contracted for rebuilding the pari(h church and tower of Saint Nicholas, in the city of Briflol; and to rebuild the fpire, and compleat the said church; and for “other purposes.

Cap. 62. To rebuild the (hire-hell of -the county of Nottingham i and for using the guild-hall of the town and county of the town of Nottingham for the purposes of a (Hire-ball in the mean time.

^ Cap. 63. To enlarge the term and powers of two ads palled in the tenth year of King George the Firft, and the sixteenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bufb Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Wood-fori, in the county of EJfex.

‘ Cap. 64. To continue and render more effectual several ads passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the Firft, and the twenty eighth-year of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to BiggleJzoade9 m the county of Bedford^ and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening.th*vroad from Radwell Corner to the turnpike road at Arlefej, in the bounty of Bedford.

•  Cap. 65. T6 repair and widen the road from the Broken Crofs9 in Mattlesfield, in the county of Chejiery over the Long Mofs and Monks Heathy to the turnpike road in Nether Tableyy in the said county; and for turning and exchanging part of the said road*

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening tne road from the city of Norwiehy to Stole Bridgey in the county of Norfolk.

•  Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from Stole Bridgey to the place whpre the east gate lately Hood in the town of Bury Saint Edmundsy in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 68. For amending the road from Bijhopfgate Bridgey itt the city of Norwiehy to a done formerly called the Two Mile Stonty where the Norwich road joins the Caijier caufcway, two miles, and a half (hort of the town of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 69. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmidy in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 70. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

. Cap. 71. For extending the navigation of the river Colder to Salter Hebble Bridgey and to Sowerby Bridgey in the county of Yorky and for repealing an ad for that purpose.

Cap. 72. For the better eftablilhment of the foundation of ' John Michel efquire, in the Queen's College in the university of Oxfordy and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 73. To enlarge the term and powers of ah ad passed in the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for amending the road from Pengate to Lauhetts Bridgey ana other roads in the county of Wilts \ and for amending several roads near adjoining to the said roads.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad of the twenty third year of his late Majesty; for repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun, and »  . *  from

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from thence to Raven/haughbumy in the county of Haddiwgtoun.f

Cap. 75. For continuing and rendering more effectual an ad for "repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York% to Brough under Stainmofe in the county of Wejfmorland; and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Caftle to Kdber Crofs, and also the road from Maiden Caftle to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said counties 5 and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pajlure Weft Gate to Whaw Lane Heady and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

Cap. 76. To repeal fo much of an ad passed in the fecond1 year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the White Poft on Hafelden's Woody in the parish of Cran-brookgy to Appledore Heathy and other roads in the county of Kent, as relates to the road from Goldford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the term and powers of the said ad, with respect to the other roads therein contained; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the pari(h ofTenderden through Rohenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the said county.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road leading from Taly Cafn Ferry in the county of Caernarvon and through the towns of Conwayy Bangor, and Caernarvon to the town of Pwll-befy in the fame county.  >

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening the road from Maidfione through Debtling to Key Street, in the parishes of Borden and Bob* bing in the county of Kent.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the ferry at Hefsky and from the Malton guide post to the gravel pit at Cottinghamy in the county of York.  .

Cap. 80. For repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham Houfty and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 81. For repairing and widening the road from Darlp Moor in the county of Derbyy to EUafion in the county of Staff ford i and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and AJhbomey in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 82. For the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon.

Cap. 83. For laying open and widening certain ways and paft-fagts within the town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the ftreets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for re? moving and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein.

Cap. 84. For building a bridge at Worceftery over the river Seventy and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

Cap. 85. For building a chapel at Plymouth Dock$ in the pa* rifli of Stoke Damerell in the county of Devon.

Cap. 86. For repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tringy in the county of Hertfordy through Dunjlabley Hitchin Baldocky and Royftony to the turnpike road at or near 'Bourn Bridge j and from the weft end of Welbury Lane to the

turn-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

turnpike road at the south end of Barton^ in the counties of

Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

Cap. 87. To continue and render more effectual an aA paired in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Hitebin in the county of Hertford,'through Shefford* 1 to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedfotdy and other I roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the 1 road from Shejford way poft, to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county of Bedford.  !

Cap. 88. For repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Bucks, through the towns of Buckingham and Bicefter, to the town of Woodjiock in the county of Oxford*

Cap. 89* For making a road from the south end of Blackfri-ars bridge to the present turnpike road cross Saint George's fields, and from thence to some place at or near the house call The Dog 1 and Ducky and to Newington Buusy in the county of Surry; and for empowering the trustees for carrying into execution an ack parted in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch the said roads, when made.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of two aAs parted in the third and twenty second years of his late Majesty,.for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford* and for amending the roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge.

Cap. 91. To explain, amend, and render more effeAual, an a A parted in the twenty seventh year of King George the Second* 1 for repairing and widening the toad from Leicejler to Nafborough,  '

and from Leicejler to Coventry, and from thence through Kenil* worth to Warwick, and other roads, and for other purposes in , the said aA mentioned, fo far as the fame relates to the .road ! from the borough of Leicejler to the town of Narboroughy and from Leicejler to Hinckley iq the county of Leicejler.

Cap. 92. To amend an aA of the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing and widening the road from Tunbridge to Maidjlone, and from Wafs Crofs to Cowden9 in the county of Kenty fo far as the fame relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Crofs to Cowden \ and for repairing the roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurjl Hatch Corner, and from Benjhurjl town to Southborough in the said et>unty» .

Cap. 93. «T° continue and render more effeAual two aAs for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned j and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and ^making the a* venues leading thereto more commodious ; and for building a bridge over the river Exe% aljor near Countefs. Wear in the county ot Devon.

Cap. 94, For repealing fo much of two several aAs of parliament made and parted in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county of Stafford in the post road towards the city of Chejlery through Woor9 inahe county of Salop, to Nantwich in the county of Chefer9 and from

Nant*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tfantwicb to Tarporley* and from thence through Tarvin in the said county of Cbejler to the said city of Chejler, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the fame road; and aifo far repairing and widenihg the road from Nortbwicb, in the said county of Cbejler, to the cross in Tarvin aforefaid.

Cap, 95. To empower the trustees of the will of the late general Puluneyi and other trustees appointed by this ad, to puf-chafe and exchange lands and grounds* in the manor of Bath* -nick in the county of Somerfet, for the purpose of making certain roads and ways to and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the fain courity j and alfa to empower the persons in pofleftion of the said estate for the time being, under the said will, to grant leases of certain lends and houfesin the said manor; and likewise to enable the said trustees to grant certain grounds arid springs of water within the said manor of Batbwick, to the mayor, aidermetl, and citizens of Bath$ and for extending the jurisdiction of the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of Batbwick; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS. . *

x. A Nafi for naturalizing John- Dufaur.

2. An aft for dividing and inclofiftg the common fields, and common grounds, in the townlhip of Stoneley* in the parish and manor of Kimbohon^ in the county of Huntingdon* 3. An aft For dividing and inclosing the open common fields, commonable lands, common, arable, meadow, pafture, and waste grounds, within the parish of JVtlleyy in the county of Warwick. '

J. An act to enable Henry Thomas Greening, efquire,.to taka use the fafname of Gott, pursuant to the will of Mary Gott, deccafed.

5.  An aft for naturalizing George Madrufs.

6.  Ail aft for naturalizing John Henry Schneider.

7,  An aft for naturalizing Paul Niedrick. ‘

8.  An aft for veiling certain lands, in the parish of CbiJlehurJ!, in the oounty of Kent ^ devised by the will of Thomas Farrington efqufre, deceafed, in truftees, tdvconvey the fame to Charles lord Camden 5 and for settling lands, to be in exchange 5 and for laying out money arising by sale thereof, in other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to bo conveyed to the fame ufes.

9,  An aft for confirming articles of agreement, and for effecting'an exchange of lands, between the mod noble George duke pf Marlborough, and the warden and scholars of Merton College ip Oxford.

16. An aft for appointing jointures for the wives, and providing portions for the younger children, of the right honour-fbfe WtUoughb/ ear) of Abingdon, and the honourable Peregrine

Bertie,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Hertie, his brothext; and for other the purposes therein inei£» tioned.

ii. An a<5t to enable Sir Watkin Williams Wynn baronet, a minor, to make a settlement on his intended marriage with the lady Henrietta Somerfot.

* 12. An act for difchareing divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the estate of Sir Bellingham Graham baronet, m the county of York, from the uses and trulls limited and declared by the will of the honourable Mary Graham deceafed; and for settling other lands and hereditaments, other part of the estate of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the ‘faid county, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes,

. 13. An act to impower Richard Garth efquire, to make leases of his fettled eftates, in the county of Surrey, foi building upon and improving the fame.

14. An act for veiling certain mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in Baldock, in the county of Hertford, devised by the will of Edward Sparhauke gentleman, deceased, in Lawndey Spar-hauke efquire, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the said will and for substituting and settling an undivided moiety of otherlands and hereditaments, in Rertf ordjhire, in lieu thereof, and to the like uies.

1 c. An act for veiling part of the fettled estate of the reverend William Lloyd clerk, in truftees, for railing money, to dif-charge the debts, legacies, and incumbrances, afteding the feme; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

» 16. An act for confirming a partition, between John Edwards efquire, John Freemantle efquire, and Frances his wife, and Mary Edwards fpinfter, of several eftates, in the county of 1 Middlefex, and city of Brijtol, devised by the will of John Scbop* j pens efquire, deceased ; and of the residue of the personal estate ' of the laid John Scoppens.

. 17. An act to enable Charles Biddulph efquire, and his three infant fons, John Biddulph, Charles Biddulph, and Thomas Bid-dulph, to grant leases of certain manors, capital,’ and other mefr fuages, maniion houfes, forms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the several counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Stafford, of which they are tenants for life fucceflively.

18.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, commons, and wade grounds, in the manor and parish of Hil~ horowe, in the county of Norfolk.

19.  An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and com-

mon fields, common meadows, and other commonable Jands and waste grounds, in the parish of Bleddington, in the county of Gloucefir.  .  .

20.  An act for dividing and inclosing an open common^ in the parish of Walkurton, in the county of Suffix•

21.  An act for dividing and inclosing certain opeft fields, meadows, ings, and common lands, within the parish of El-vington, in the east riding of the county of York,

2?, Anad for dividing and inclosing several common fields,

grounds.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, and paftures, within the parish of Ingbam% in the county of Lincoln.  *  1

23.  An act for dividing and indofing several open fields, mea-dow grounds, and ings, and the moor or common, and waste ground, within the manor and townlhip of IVbebdrakt* in the county of York.

24.  An act for dividing and indofing certain open fields; lands, and grounds, within the townlhip of SanBon* in the east riding of the county oiYork.

25.  An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and wafye grounds; in the parish of Eaton* in the county of LAcefler.

26.  An act for dividing indofing, and draining, the open fields, meadows, fens, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of North Hiekbam* in the county of Lincoln.

27.  An act for dividing and indofing the open fields, within the Jordlhip or liberty of Markfield* in the county of Leicejfer, and the common ground there, lying within the ring or boundaries of the fame fields, or adjoining thereto.

28.  An act for dividing and indofing the open arable fields, meadow grounds, commons, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor or parish of Gnndon Underwood* in the county of Buckingham.

29.  An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, waste grounds, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Sbaxton* otherwise Shackfton, otherwise Shacker-Jlon* in the county of Leicefter. ,

30.  An act for the more effectual draining, embanking, and preferving, certain , fen lands, and low grounds, in the hamjet of Wimblmgton, in the parish of Doddington* and in the parish of Chattcrefs, within the ifle of Ely* in the county of Cambridge.

31.  An act for dividing and indofing several open.fields, common paftures, 2nd open lands and grounds, within the townlhip of Nafferton and Wamford,. in the parish of Naffertoh, in the east riding of the county of York.

32.  An act for dividing, indofing, and allotting, the open fields, lands, and grounds, within the manor, and parish of Thwing* in the east riding of the county of York.

33.  An act for dividing and indofing the several open fields, lands, meadows, paftures, moors, commons, and other open grounds, within the townlhip of Atwici, otherwise Attenwick, jn Holdernefs* in the county of York.

34.  An act for dividing and indofing that part or (hare of BelperfVard* which belongeth toHighedge* in the county oiDerby.

75. An act for dividing and indofing the moor, or common, called Crof gate Moor* in the parish of Saint Ofwald* in the county palatine of Durham •* and for extinguilhing all right of common in certain indofed intercommon lands there.

36. An act for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and common and waste grounds, in the manor, pariih, liberties or precincts of Cublington, in the county of Buckingham.

37. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 26. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 27.'To continue certain laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majeftjrs provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty a&is now paid on the exportation or rice from the (aid colonies to places in Europe situate to the southward of Cape Fmifierre.

Cap. 28. To permit the inhabitants of Jerfey and Guernfey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the Britijh colonies in America, goods necessary for the fifhery, under certain reftridions; and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum) and to bind the fame in the said iflands.

Cap. 29. For the motie effectual punifhraent of such persons as (hall demolilh or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or fpoil, any mill or mills; and for preventing the destroying or ; damaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines; or fences for in-clofing lands in pursuance of ads of parliament.  j

Cap. 30. For repealing fo much or an adt palled in the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy; and for the< more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; and punHhment of persons guilty of dealing or embezzling his Majesty’s naval ftores; or of forgery or perjury in relation to feamens wages;

Cap. 31. For the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent |

Iiroftitutes; and for extinguishing the right of common of and ! n certain lands in Saint Georges fields, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 32. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the pariln of Saint Nicholas within the , city of Rocbefier and parish of Strood in the county of Kent; and for making a road through Star Laney across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said county.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to be raised by a lottery. ^

Cap; 34. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in this felfion of parliament.

Cap. 35. For difcontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign (hips, the drawback of such part of the duties . payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon iron import- j Cd in Britijh (hips; to prohibit the exportation of pig. and bar ! iron, and certain naval ftores, unless the preemption thereof bo offered to the commissioners of the navy; to repeal fo much of An ad made in the sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, a$* discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported ;•

- ■  for

A TAB L E of die S TATUTES.

for providing acompenfation to the deFks in the offices of the principal secretaries of. ftate, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an a&, made in the fourth year of .the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of poftage; and td explain and a-mend the said aft,

Cap. 36. For applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thou&nd fcven hundred and sixty nine.

Cap. 37. For reviving several alls for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying justices of the peace, and others, who have ailed under the said ads; and for indemnifying persons vtho have omitted to make-and file affidavits $ and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contracts with clerks and apprentices; for mak-< ing forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders,, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed j and for repaying to Jofepb Glover and fohn Bill' the duty by them paid on a cargo of wheat, and for allowing the feme to be landed for home confumption; and for preventing parish poor being paid in bale or counterfeit coin.

Cap. 38. For further encouraging the growth and culture of | raw silk in his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America,

Cap. 39. To permit the free importation of certain raw jj hides and fkins, from Ireland and the British plantations in Ame- 1 r»7», for a limited time; and for taking off the duties upon feat 1 skins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting ano- •' ther duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all persons with re-fpelt to advising or executing any of his Majesty’s orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw bides, boms, and hoofs, of in felted cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importaion of such hides, horns and hoofs, for the future.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing -of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.  *

Cap. 41. For better securing the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to Lon~ don; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty’s cu* ftoms in the province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, a proper cptnpenfation for their trouble and expences;' for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods, in forests and chafes; and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called ' Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney,

Cap. 42. For explaining, amending, and continuing, an alt made in the fe?ond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of park*

.  ’ .  a  3  ament

A TABLE ofthe STATtJTES.

62.  An aft for veiling the fettled estate of John Barrow, in the county of Chefter, in truftees, to be fold for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

63.  An aft for veiling the real estates late of Richard Chhhefler eCquire, deceafed, in England, in truftees, to be fold, to raiie money, to be applied to pay off the legacies charged upon and aiFefting the fame, and the interest thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery ; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

64.  An act to impower Anthony Chapman, efquire, to grant . leases of part of his fettled estates in the county of Mtdalefex,

and city of London.

65.  An aft for dividing the vicarage 'of Kingfion upon Thames* in the county of Surrey, with the several chapelries or curacies thereto belonging, or thereon dependent, into two separate vicarages, and two separate perpetual curacies, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

66.  An act to enable the corporation of the city of Briftoi9 to exchange the building of the hospital called Opueen ElifabetVs Ho/pitalj tor the building called The Bartholomew s% in the said city; and for altering the times for holding Brijlolfairs.

67.  An aft for indofing and dividing several woods and woodlands, and a certain close or parcel of land or ground. Called Wejl Coat Wood Clofe, and the commons and waste grounds, within the manors of Saint Catharine Endy in the parish of Ry~ Jlipy in the county of Middlefex.

68.  An aft for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields, common paftures, and other indofed grounds within the townftiip of Toulthorpey in theeaft riding of the county of York*

69.  An aft for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadows, ings, dinted paftures, and other lands and grounds, within the manor oi 'Poppletony and a piece of waste ground called ScagUthorpe Moory in the manor of Scaglethorpe^ all in the county of the city of York.

70.  An aft for dividing and inclosing several open fields, grounds, commons, and waftes, within the townftiip of Ebber Jiony in the county of Yorky and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71.  An aft for dividing and inclosing certain open arable 1 fields, meadow grounds, commons, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the townftiip of Hutton CYanJwick, in the east riding of the county of York.

72.  An aft for dividing and indofing several common arable fields in the moor or common, within"the townftiip of Haxby*

in the north riding of the county of York.  ,

73.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and pther commonable lands, and grounds, in the hamlet of Knuftoni • in the parifti of Irchrfter, ift the county of Northampton.

74.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Qrton% in the county/of }Veftmorcland.

— ■ ■ '  75. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

75.  An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and commonable lands, in the parishes of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the county of Oxford.

76* An a St for dividing and inclofifcg a moor, or common, called Throughend Common, in the parUh of Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland.

77.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Fleckney, in the county of Leicejler.

78.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, downs, and commonable lands, lying within the manors and parishes of Hofyrood Ampney other-wife Ampney Cruets, and Ampney Mary otherwise AJhbrook, in the county of Gloucejler.

79.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Thulfton, otherwise Thurlfton, in the county of Leicejler.

80.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds of the township of Wiggington, in the county of York.

81.  An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, arable lands, and wade grounds, within the several manors and lordships of Laughton-en-le-Morthen, Slade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the parish of Laugbton-en - le- Mar then, in the weft riding of the county 01 York.

82.  An act for difeharging certain estates of Denys Rolle ef-quire, in the counties of Somerfet and Wilis, from the Ufes thereof limited and declared; and for veiling the fame in truftees, to be fold, and applying the purchase money for the purposes therein mentioned; and for settling other estates in the county of Devon, of greater value, to the like ufes.

83.  An act for revoking and making void part of the trusts declared by an ad of parliament, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ah for felling part of the fettled ejlates of Robert Dolman efquire, in Pocklington and elfewhere, in the county of York, for difeharging the debts pnd incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest fon, affetting the fame ; and for making provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger children of Robert Dolman the elder ; and for declaring other trusts relative thereto.; and for making provision for payment of other debts and incumbrances of the said Robert Dolman the eider, and Robert Dolmah jhe younger, not provided for by the said ad ; and for making a recompence and provision for the first and other fons in fuc-ceflion, or other heirs of the bodies of the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his wife, during the lives of their said father and mother, and the survivor of them; and for the better security of purchasers under the said ad.

84.  An act for veiling part of the fettled estates of the reverend Thomas Whitehurfl'clerk, and Sarah his wife, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said Thomas Whitehurjl, in fee fimple; and for settling other estates of the said Thomas Whitehurjl, in the said county of Hertford, to the fame uses as the said estates were fettled.

Vojl. XXVIII.  *b  85, An.

'A TABLE of the STATUTES.

85.  An act for confirming, and carrying into execution, certain agreements, entered into between William Hurjl, William PoweTly efquires, and others, for railing money out of the collates late of Thomas Herbert efquire, in the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth^ for payment of the debts and legacies of Lucy Alletty and for other purposes; and for settling the residue of the said estates to the uses of her will.

86.  An act for veiling in trufiees, to be fold, the freehold and inheritance of the estate of George Markham efquire, deceased, in the county of Lincolny along with a precedent term there* in, and for other purposes.

. 87. An act for obviating a doubt ariling on the settlement of Peregrine Bertie esquire with Catharine his present wife.

88.  An act for indemnifying Thomas Twijleton and Francis Twijletony efquires, the purchasers of certain lands and hereditaments, in the county of Oxford, belonging to James Nefs gentleman, and Charlotte his wife, as to the payment of their purchase money, and settling the feme for the purposes therein mentioned.

89.  An act for dividing and inclosing Several open fields, common paftures, and parcels of land and grounds, within the townlhip of Bijbop Wilton, in the east riding of the county of Tori.

90.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Sundon, in the county of Bedford.

91.  An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields, meadows, paftures, and all other open commonable and waste lands, within the parish of HucknaUTwkardy in the county of Nottingham.

92.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and commonable lands, within the manor and lordlhip of Coin Saint Jldwins, in the county of Gloucefter.

93.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Sudbrooky within the manor and parish of Ancaftery in the county of Lincoln.

94.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and paftures,. in the lordlhip of Claypole; within the manor and parish of Claypoky in the county of Lincoln. <

95.  An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or moors within the townlhip of Bramley, in the parish of Braitb~ welly in the county of Tork..

96.  An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Woottony in the county of Oxford.

07. An act for inclosing certain common and uninclosed tracts of land, in the parilhes of Horfington3 Wsncanton9 and Mapper-tony in the county of Somerfet.

98.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and waste grounds, within the town-(hips of Beckingham and Sutton % in the manor and parish of Beckingbatoy in the county of Lincoln.

99.  An

A TABLEofthe STATUTES.

99.  An act for dividing/ and inclosing a certain moor, or common, in the townlhip of Tbornley, in the parish of Wolfing-bam, and within the manor of Brancepetb, in the county pah-tine of Durham.

100.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paliures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifit and liberty of Pavenham, in the county of Bedford.

101.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields,

’ common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish and

townlhip of Bedworth9 in the county of Warwick; and for regulating certain charity ellates within the said parilh*

102.  An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common field, and commonable lands, in the townlhips and liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower Middleton Cheney, in the county of Northampton.

103.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common paliures, and other uninclosed grounds,within the manor and townlhip of Aclomey in the east riding of the county of York.

104.  An act for embanking, draining, and preferving, certain low grounds, in the parilhes or townlhips of Lanehamy Hampton, Trefwelly South Levertony North Levertony Habblef-thorpe% otherwise Apefihorpey Littlebroughy Sturtony Fentony and Weft Burtony in the county of Nottingham.

105.  An act to enable the right honourable James Grenville, and the right honourable Charles earl Cornwallis to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty’s revenues in the kingdom ot Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

106.  An act to enable William Walfl\y heretofore called William Mofefyy and his iflue, to take and use the surname and arms of Waljby pursuant to the will of William Waljhy deceafed.

107.  An act for naturalizing Samuel Canale efquire, and his iflue, to take and use the surname and arms of Thorold.

108.  An act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard Hods.

109.  An act for naturalizing John Chriftian Hoffman.

no. An act for veiling the ellates of the right honourable William late earl of Stafford, deceafed, in the counties of Stafford and Salop, deviled by his will, in trullees, to be fold for the payment of the debts and incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other purposes.

hi. An act for veiling in trullees several real ellates, late of Jane Torrey widow, deceafed, in Hefsle9 Tranbyy Ankbyy and elfewhere, within the county of the town of Kingfion upon Hull, which were given and deviled, by her will, to and for the benefit of the reverend Mr. James Torre, clerk, her fon, and his children, upon trull, to fell the fame, and apply the money to arise by the sale in manner therein exprefled.

H2. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common and walle grounds, in the parish of Blidworthy in the county of Nottingham.

m

A

T A B L E

Containing the Titles of all the

S T A T U T E S

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Pafled Anno decimo

Georgii III.Regis.

Being the Third Seffion of the Thirteenth Parliament of

Great Britain

PUB LICK ACTS.

I.  A N aft fof continuing an a<5t made in the last feflionof parliament, to prohibit, for a further time, the exporta* tion or corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, and ftarch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour*

II.  An a£t to continue for a further time, an a£t made in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, j/a ait to continue and amend an ail made in tie pjtb year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act for importation of fait* ed beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited / time; and for allowing the importation of faked beef,, pork, j bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America^ for , a limited time.

III.  An act for punHhing mutiny and defertion; and for the / better payment of the army and. their quarters,

IV.  An act for indemnifying all persons with respect to ad-vifing or carrying into execution his Maiefty’s orders of council, made for preventing the spreading or a contagious diftem-per amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the fame valid and effectual, and for preventing suits in consequence thereof; and to authorise the .continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further time.

. Vo*. XXVIII.  a  V.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

V.  An aft for continuing'and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one them land seven hundred and feventy.

Vi. An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

VII.  An aft for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces

while on Ihore.  ,.

VIII.  An act to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to difcontinue, fir a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs lard, and greafe.

IX.  An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-ing of the militia in that part pf Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

X.  An aft'to permit the exportation of malt.

XI.  An aft for railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

XII.  An aft' to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his jVfajelty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the' time being, to compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown from William Pye, for which they are fureties.

XIII.  An aft for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee simple of the manor of Cojbam, in the county of Wilts, with the rights, members, ana appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the feal of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen efquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

XIV.  An aft for paring, lighting, and watching the town , of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for regulating the

carmen and porters within the said town.

XV.  An act to continue an aft made In the last session of parliament, intituled. An aft for amending, and further continuing, an aft of the fsxth year of its present Majesty*s reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effeftual, in his Majesty’s dominions in America, an aft patted in this present fef-fion of parliament, intituled. An aft for punifiing mutiny and

• defer lion} and for the better payment of, the army and their quarters.  .

, XVI. An act to regulate the trials of controverted eleftions, or returns of members to ierve in parliament.

XVII.  An act to repeal fo much of an aft made in the fe-: venth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for i granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in A-merica; for allowing a drawback of the duties of cuftoms■ upon the exportationf from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the pro-time of the said colonies or plantations', for* difeontinuing the draw-

4  hacks

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

backs payable on china earthen ware exported to America ; and for more effectually preventing the clandtfiine running of goods in the /aid colonies and plantations, as relates to the duties upon glafs, red-kad, white-lead, painters colours, paper, pafte-boards, milN boards, and fcale-boards, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain9 imported into any of his Majesty’s cplonies jn America; and also to the difeontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware, exported to America $ and for regulating the exportation thereof.

JXVIII. An a<5t for preventing the ftealiag of*dogs.

XIX.  An adt for better preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain caUed England.

XX.  An adt for the more easy and speedy recovery of fmall

debts within the borough ot King’s Lynn, and the liberties thereof.  *

XXI.  An a St for the more easy and fpeedv recovery of small debts, within the parishes of Poulton9 Kirkham9 Lytbam, and Bifphamy and townships of Preefall and Stalmine9 in the county palatine of Lancafler.

XXII.  An adt for better supplying the city of Worcejier9 and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city; and for removing add preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

XXIII.  An adt for the more effectually paving, repairing* cleaning, and lighting, the (treats, fquares, lanes, and other paffages, and for regulating weights and meafures, within the parish of Saint Mary k Bone9 in the county of Mtddlefex; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XXIV'. An adt for further continuing the duties granted and continued by several adis made in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne> and in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, for repairing the harbour and key of WatcheU9 in the county of Somerfet.

XXV.  An adt for the better paying, repairing, and cleanf-ing, the ftreets, and other publick paffages, in the several pa-rifhes and wards of Saint MichaeU Saint john9 Holy Rhooi9 Saint Lawrence9 AU Saints within the Bary All Saints without the Bar, and Eajl Street and Bag-row9 within the town of South-ampton9 and liberties thereof; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious; and for the lighting , and watching the said streets and publick paffages.

XXVI.  An adt for further continuing the terms and powers, granted .and continued by three ads palled in the twelfth and thirteenth years of William the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne9 and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, fecuring, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead9 in the county of Somerfet; and for the more effectual carrying the said acts into execution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable to the lord or lady of the manor of Mnehead for the time being.

a 2  XXVII.  Att

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXVII.  An act to enlarge the powers of an aft of the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of King's Lytin to Weft-acre in the county of Norfolk, and for making the (aid aft more effeftuah

XXVIII.  An aft for rebuilding the common gaol of the county oi.Effix.

XXIX.  An act to explain, amend, .and make more,effectual, an aft passed in the fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled,, An aft for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffnefs, in the county of Kent; and one other aft palled in the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, for extending the proyifions of the laid aft to the hundred of Wellington^ in the county of Surrey.

XXX.  An aft for reftifying a mistake in an aft made in the last session of parliament, intituled. An aft for better securing ' the duties If cufioms upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty*s cufioms in the province of Senegambia in Africa ; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties On offices arid employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences \ for the better preservation of hollies* thorns, and quickfets, in firefls, chaces, and private grounds, and of. trees and underwoods in forejls and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the tflands of Orkney.

XXXI.  An aft for extending like liberty, in the exportation I of rice from Eajl and Weft Florida to the southward of Cape \ Finiflerre in Europe* as is granted, by former afts of parliament, \to Carolina and Georgia.

XXXII.  An aft for defraying the expence of building the new office of excise in London, out of his Majesty’s revenue of excife.

XXXlIL An aft for reftifying mistakes in the names of fe-veral of the commissioners appointed by an aft made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an aft made in the fame feflion, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fixty-nine; and for appointing other commiffioners, together with those named in the firft-mentioned aft, to put in execution an aft of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

XXXIV.  An aft for rendering more effectual several afts for providing a publick reward for difeovering the longitude at fea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late professor Mayer; and for encouraging difeoveries and improve-*

* ments ufefiil to navigation.

XXXV.  An act to enable the governor, council, and af»

fembly

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

fembly of his Majesty’s colony of New York, to pass an aft of assembly for creating and issuing upon loan paper bills of credit to a certain amount; and to make the fame a legal tender in payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

XXXVI.  An aft for redeeming tKe capital or joint flock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per cen~ turn, eftablUhed by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majesty the Jum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the Jinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom againjl private dnd unlawful lotteries.

XXXVII.  An aft for continuing fo much of an aft made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to continue and amend two afts made in the twenty-firft and twenty-eighth years of his late Majejly9s reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; and for the ex- I tending the provijions of an aft of the thirtieth year of his late Ma~ I jeflfs reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, I to Spanish prize goods taken Jince the late declaration of War with Spaih, as relates to encouraging the making of indico in the Britijh plantations in America; and for explaining fo much of an aft made in the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America; and for extending the fame th the naval, officers there.

XXXVIII.  An aft for continuing the bounties on Britijh and' Irijh linens exported; for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of Britijh checqued and striped linens, and upon Britijh and Irijb diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and other linen of above a certain breadth. '

XXXIX.  An aft for registering the prices at which corn is fold in the counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported.

XL. An aft for appropriating a fund, eftabliftied by an aft made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for ejlablijhing a fund for the encouraging of the raijing and drejjing of hemp and fax.

XLI. An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as (hall die during the recess of parliament.

XLII. An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enclof-

a 3  *  ing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

!ng commons, for the purjtofe of planting and preferVing trees for timber or underwood; and for indemnifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

XLIII. Ah adt for repealing the duties upon bast orftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair hats and bonnets, and upon certaiti materials for making the fame, imported into this kingdom ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and tor the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of stich goods.

XLIV. An aft for, more effectually preventing traders in excifeable commodities from using faife weights and scales ;  -

and for explaining and amending several afts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

XLV. An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

XLVI. An aft for establishing a lottery, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

XLVII. An aft for better regulating persons employed in the service of the Eaji India company, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVIIL An aft for making the receiving of stolen jewels, and gold and silver plate, in the cafe of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

XLIX. An aft for continuing and amending several afts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles.

L. An aft for the further preventing delays of justice by rea-fon of privilege of parliament.

LI. An act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of strict entail.

LII. An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the linking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thou-fand seven hundred and feventy; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in thisfeffion of parliament, '

LIII. An act to repeal an aft paired in the thirty-firft year

of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An alt for the relief of the coal heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make ptovifion for fucb of themselves as Jhallbe ftek> lame, or pofi their labour, ana for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers; and for their further relief, .

LIV. An aft for amending the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowfe, at the angle where the road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

LV. An aft for repairing and widening several roads in the CO  of Cardigan.

. An aft for the better maintaining, regulating* and

em*

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

employing, the £oor within the parUh of Saint Paul Sbadwett, in the county of Middlefex.

LVII. An aft* for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent* from Holden Ferry, otherwise Cavendtfb Bridge, in the county of Derby* to Gainjoorougb, in the county of Lin-coin.

LVIII. An aft for amending the road from Aylefbury, in the county of Buckingham* through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benftngton and SbiUingferd, in the county of Oxford.

LIX. An act to continue and render more effectual an aft of the thirty-firft year pf his late Majesty, for repairing several roads .in the counties of Dorjet and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three AJhes* in the parish of Crewkerne* in the county of Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned.

LX. An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft for amending the road from Ckriftopher's Bridge, in the borough of Tbetfordj in the county of Suffolk, to the north-eaft end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge•

LXL An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in the thirty? first year of the reign of his late Majesty,

! for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield* in the county of ' Tori, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Leeds to make-field.

LXIf. An aft for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Wfflerham* in the county of | Kent* through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Tttfey* over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham Common, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon .to Godfione, in the county of Surry.

! LXIII. An aft for repairing and widening the road'from ! Upton, in the parifti‘of Ratley* to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide post at the town of Wellejbourne Hajlings, in the county of Warwick.

LXIV. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmflon, in the county of Suffix.

LXV. An aft for repairing the road from the bridge cm the old river at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the county of Suffolk.

LXVI. An aft for repairing and widening the road from TunjtaU, in the county of Stafford, to Bojley in the county of Chefter; and from Great Chell* to Shelton in the said county of j Stafford.

LXVII. An aft for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's Gate* in the county of the city of Norwich, to Swaffbam> in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge

a 4  an

A TABLE of the STATUTES. ‘

In Honingham,\o the bounds of Taxham; and also a lane called Hangman's Lane,< near the gates of the laid city.

LXVIIL An act for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several alts of parliament made for repairing the road from Ipfwicb to Cleydon, and feveral. other roads therein, mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

LXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ad of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said county.

LXX. An alt to enlarge the term contained in two several ads of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called EarVs Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigany both in the county of Lancafieu

LXXI. An act to continue two ads, of the third and feven-teenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to En~ field Cbaut in the parifti of Soptb Mims, in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford:

, LXXII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicejler in the county oi Oxford, to Aylefbury in . the county of Bucks...

LXXIII. An act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county (lock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

LXXIV. An ad tp enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from ,CirenceJier in the county of Gloucefier, to Birdhp Hill in the said county.

LXXV. An act for building a workhouse in the pari(h. of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Wejlminjler, in the county of Middlefex.

LXXVI, An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry,

. over Copthorn, in the county of Suffex, through Lindfieli, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditcbling Bofl Hills, in the said county of Suffex.

LXXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, tp the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXVIII. An act for amending and widening several roads leadingfrom the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

LXaIX. An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew Holborn, London, to purchase a workhoufe.

LXXX. An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hillr Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the parifti pf : Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the pounty of Middlefex.

LXXXI. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES/ LXXXI. An *d for consolidating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parUhes of Saint %bmas. Saint Edmund^ and Saint Martin, in the city of New Saptitn.

LXXXII. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by* an ad palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the Second, fo far as the said ad relates to* the repairing and widening the road from Rindbead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernburft Lane and Midbupft,- to the city of Chichefier, in the county of Suffix ; and also for repairing and widening the road from. Cbicbefter aforesaid to Delkey, in the said county.

LXXXI1L An act to continue and render moreeffedual feverai ads for repairing and amending the road from Bigglef-wade, ih the county of Bedford* throagh Bugden and Alconbury to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the; county of Huntingdon ; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-boufe, in the pari(h of Tempsford, to and through Ut tie'Bar far a, Eynefbury, and Saint Neats, to the turnpike road at the end of Croft HaU Lane„

LXXXIV. An act for enlarging the term granted by an ad of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty’s reign, u for re-“ pairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of <c Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to “ Povey Crofs, and frpm Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and <c over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road. from Tacfr <c worth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill, in the <c said county and for impowering the trustees appointed by an ad of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the Firft, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Suffix,‘ to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said ad of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, ana for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said ad of the tenth of George the Firft, and putting them under the diredipn of the trustees appointed by the said ad of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from Povey Crofs, in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Sujfex; and also the road from Woodhatcb to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey.

LXXXV. An act for repairing and widening the jfeyeral roads from the South Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parilhes of Eajl Walton, Narborougb, Stoke*Ferry, and Down* ham-Market, in the county of Norfolk,

LXXXV L An act for repairing and widening the roads from the Eajl Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the pariGies of Gey ton and Grimftone, and to the gate next Hillings ton, on Congham Common, and to the north end of Babingky Lane, ip thp county of Jfforfoli,

4  LXXXVII.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXXXVfl. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an ad pafied in the fir ft year of the reign of his present Majesty, “ for repairing and widening the road from the east 44 end of Weft Tapboufe Lane to the borough of Lifkeard, and 44 from thence to Coomb Row Rouji, and aifo the road from w the said borough of UJkeari to Craft Hole, and from thence 44 to Crimble Paffage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole a-44 foresaid to Saint Germans Beaton, in the counties of Com-44 wall and Devon” and for amending the roads from Bam 8treet to Dube Churchy and from Lux Sreet to Cratbick Ford» and from Bull Pojl to Treworgey Crofs, in the county of Cornwall.

LXXXVm. An act for repairing and widening the road from Wbitcburcb, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermafton Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

LXXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, tor repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of Chejler, to SdxtnCs Lane End in the county of Lancaftery and other roads in the laid ad mentioned.

XC. An act to continue, amend, and render more cffedual the several ads now subsisting for repairing the road from Dun-ebotreb to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

XCI. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ad pafied in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majestyj for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard^ in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned; and for a-mending several other roads adjoining thereto.

XCIL An act for repairing and widening the road from Workfip to the turnpike road at Kelbam, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mufkbam, in the county of Nottingham.

• XC1IL An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the fame.

XCIV. An act for amending the road from WtUJbourn Mem-fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

XCV. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmflon9 to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Suffix.

XCVI. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint:Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the fburh end of the Ferry-Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

XCVII. An act to extend the provisions in two ads pafied in the third and fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littlepbrt, and o-ther roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other provision for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport j and for making and keeping in repair

A TABLE of thk STATUTES*

pair a road from UttSport to Chef tier Comer in Dowrlbam* in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

XCV1II. An aft for repairing; widening, And altering the road from'Macclesfield, in the county of Cbejler, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Femilie* in the county of Derby^ leading to Chapel in the Friths in the fame county.

XCIX. An aft for repairing and widening- several roads leading to and through the borough of Tarnwmh* and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford* Warwick and Derby.

C. An act to continue the term* and to vary and enlarge the powers of two afts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firft, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CL An aft for repairing and widening the road froth Burfttrd to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Ghucejler, at the bottom of Stow-Hill; and from Swerfbrd-gate, in the fard county of Oxford* to the turnpike road in Aynho* in the coun- ‘ ty of Northampton.

CIL An act to amend an aft made in the (ixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trento at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby* to the river Merfey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIII. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the forth year of the reign of his preifent Majesty, intituled, An aft for mtiking and Maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between BeWdley and Titton Brook; in the county of Wor-cefter, to cfbfs the river Trent, at or near Hey wood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Merfey j and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIV. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the thir-ty-fepond year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgbw, and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CV. An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, and waggon way, from the collieries in the parities of Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glafgow.

CVI. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an aft made in the thirty-firft year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepftow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester j and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CVII. An aft tp continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

pQW-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

V.  An a& for continplnf^nd granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

VI.  An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax* to be railed in Great Britain? for the service of the year one thoufaod seven hundred and feventy.

VII.  An act for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces

while on fhore.  ,.

VIII.  An act to continue, for a limited time, an ad made in the feyenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An alt to difcontinue, fir d limited time* the duties payable upon the importation of tallow* hogs lardy and greafe.

IX.  An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-ing of the militia in that part pf Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

X.  An ad'to permit the exportation of malt.

XI.  An act for railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

XII.  An ad* to enable the commifiioners for executing the office of treasurer of his JVlajefty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the* time being, tb compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown from William Pye* for which they are fureties.

XIII.  An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee Ample of the manor of Cojbam* in the county of Wilts* with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the feal of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen Cfquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

XIV.  An act for paring, lighting, and watching the town , of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for regulating the

carmen and porters within the said town.

XV.  An act to continue an ad made in the last session of

parliament, intituled. An aft for amending, and further continue ing, an aft of the ftxth year of bis present Majesty*s reign, intituled* An act to amend and render more effedual, in his Majesty’s dominions in America* an ad passed in this present fef-fion of parliament, intituled. An aft for puntjhing mutiny and desertion * and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,  *

, XVI. An act to regulate the trials of controverted eledions, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

XVII. An act to repeal fo much of an ad made in the fe-j venth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for i granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in A-j merica \ for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the | exportation? from this kingdom* of coffee and cocoa nuts of the pro-duce of the said colonies or plantations j for- difeontmuing the drawee  backs

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

I bads payable on china earthen ware exported to America ; and for more esse finally preventing the tlandtfiine running of goods in the faii colonies and plantations, as relates to the duties upon glafs, red-kad, white-lead, painters colours, paper, pafte-boards, mill-j boards, and fcale-boards, of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty’s colonies jn I America; and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable j on china earthen-ware, exported to America; and for regulating the exportation thereof.

AVIII. An aft for preventing the ftealiog of.dogs.

XIX.  An aft for better preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain called England.

XX.  An aft for the more easy and speedy recovery of small ' debts within the borough of King's Lynn, and the liberties I thereof.

XXI.  An aft for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the parishes of Poulton, 1Ytrkbam, Lytbam, and Bifpham> and townships of Preefall and Stalmine9 in the county palatine of Lancafter.

XXII.  An aft for better supplying the city of Worcejler9 and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city; and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

XXIII.  An aft for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, the (treats, fquares, lanes, and other paffages, and for regulating weights and meafure6, within the parish of Saint Mary k Bone, in the county of Middlefex\ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XXIV'. An aft for further continuing the duties granted and continued by several afts made in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, for repairing the harbour and key of WauheUy in the county of Somerfet.

XXV.  An aft for the better paying, repairing, and cleansing, the ftreets, and other publick paffages, in the several parishes and wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence, AU Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and Eajl Street and Bag-row, within the town of South-ampton9 and liberties thereof; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious; and for the lighting , and watching the laid streets and publick paffages.

XXVI.  An aft for further continuing the terms and powers, granted .and continued by three afts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of ffllliam the Third, the Tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, fecuring, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerfet; and for the more effectual carrying the said afts into execution; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable to the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being.

a 2  XXVII.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXVII.  An act to enlarge the powers of an aft of tfie twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of King's Lytin to Weft* acre in the county pf Norfolk, and for making the laid aft more effeftual.

XXVIII.  An aft for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Effiex.

XXIX.  An act to explain, amend, .and make more,effectual, an aft passed in the fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, , An aft for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds 0/Black.heath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffnefsi in the county of Kent 5 and one other aft palled in the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, for extending the proyifions of the said aft to the hundred of Wellington, in the county of Surrey♦

XXX.  An aft for rectifying a mistake in ah aft made in the last fefiion of parliament, intituled. An aft for better securing ' the duties tf cujloms upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London j for regulating the fees of the officers of bis Majesty*s customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa 5 for allowing to the receivers general of the duties On offices and employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences\ for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in fir efts> cbaces% and private grounds, and of. trees and underwoods in for efts and chaces 5 and fir authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the tflands of Orkney.

XXXI.  An aft for extending like liberty, in the exportation i of rice from East and Weft Florida to the southward of Cape 1 Finifterre in Europe, as is granted, by former afts of parliament, ^to Carolina and Georgia.

XXXII.  An aft for defraying the expence of building the new office of excise in London, out of his Majesty’s revenue of excife.

XXXIII.  An aft for rectifying mistakes in the names of fe-veral of the commissioners appointed by an aft made in the last fefiion of parliament, to put in execution an aft made in the fame fefiion, intituled, An aft fir granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the . year one thousand seven hundred and ftxly-nine; and for appointing other commiffioners, together with those named in the firft-mentioned aft, to put in execution an aft of this fefiion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

XXXIV- An aft for rendering more effectual several afts for providing a publick reward for difeovering the longitude at fea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late professor Mayer; and for encouraging difeoveries and improve-*

’ ments useful to navigation.

XXXV.  An act to enable the governor, council, and af»

fembly

A TABLE of the STATJJTES.

fembly of his Majefly#s colony of New York, to pass an aft of assembly for creating and iiluing upon loan paper bills of credit to a certain amount; and to make the fame a legal tender in payments into the loan offices and treasury of the said colony.

XXXVI.  An aft for redeeming tfte capital or joint {lock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per cen-tumy eftablilhed by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to bis Majesty the Jum of two millions, to be ratfed by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom againjl private dnd unlawful lotteries.

XXXVII.  An aft for continuing fo much of an aft made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to continue and amend two afts made in the twenty-firft and twenty - ] eighth years of his late Majesty*s reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; and for the extending the provisions of an aft of the thirtieth year of bis late Ma-jeftfs reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanifh prize goods taken since the late declaration of War with Spaih, as relates to encouraging the making of indico in the \ British plantations in America; and for explaining fo much of ] an aft made in the fifth year of his prelent Majesty’s reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America; and for extending the fame to the naval officers there.

XXXVIII.  An aft for continuing the bounties on British and' Irijh linens exported; for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British checqued and striped linens, and upon British and Irijb diapers, huckabacks, Iheeting, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

XXXIX.  An aft for registering the prices at which corn is fold in the counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported.

XL. An aft for appropriating a fund, eftablilhed by an aft made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for eftablijbing a fund for the encouraging of the ratfing and dr effing of hemp and flax.

XLI. An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as (hall die during the recess of parliament.

XLII. An act to indemnify such persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enclof-

a 3  “ ing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Ing commons, for the purjtofe of planting and preferVing trees for timber or underwood; and for indemnifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of in» dentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

XLlII. Ah adt for repealing the duties upon bast or ftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the fame, imported into this kingdom ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of such goods.

XLIV. An zGt for, more effectually preventing traders in excifeable commodities from using faife weights and fcales; -and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

XLV. An adt to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

XLVI. An adt for establishing a lottery, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

XLVII. An aft for better regulating persons employed in the service of the Eqft India company, and For other purposes therein mentioned.

XLVlIL An adt for making the receiving of stolen jewels, and gold and hiver plate, in the cafe of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

XLIX. An adt for continuing and amending several acts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles.

L. An adt for the further preventing delays of justice by rca-fon of privilege of parliament. <

LI. An adt to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of strict entail.

LII. An adt for granting ro his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thou-fand seven hundred and feventy; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, '

LIII. An adt to repeal an adt palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An all for the relief of the coal heaven working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make ptovifion for fucb of themselves as /hall be fiek> lame, or pafl their labour, and for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers; and for their further relief, .

LIV. An adt for amending the roac3l from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowfe, at the angle where the road divides to Bixtey and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

LV. An adt for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Cardigan.

LvI. An adt for the better maintainhrg, regulating* and

em*

A TABLE of theSTATUTES.

employing, the j>oor within the parifti of Saint Paul SbadweB, in the county of Middlefex.

LVII. An ad' for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendijb Bridge, in the county of Derby, to Gainfborougb, in the county of Lincoln.

LVIII. An act for amending the road from Aylejbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benfington and SbiUingford, in the county of Oxford.

LIX. An act to continue and render more effectual an ad of the thirty-firft year pf his late Majesty, for repairing several roads .in the counties of Dorfet ana Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis j and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three AJhes, in the parish of Crew kerne, in the county of Smerfet, and other roads therein mentioned.

LX. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ad for amending the road from Chrifiopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north-eaft end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

LX1. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield.

LXII. An act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cotkham Hill, in the parish of Wefierham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titfey,, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and WtUifigbam Common, to the turnpike toad leading from Croydon .to Godftone, in the county of Surry.

LXIII. An act for repairing and widening the road' from Upton, in the pari lb of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street,' in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide poll at the town of Wellefiourne Hafiings, in the county of Warwick.

LXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brigbthelmjlon, in the county of Suffix.

LXV. An act for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the county of Suffolk.

LXVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from TunfiaS, in the county of Stafford, to Bofiey in the county of Chefier; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the laid county of Stafford.

LXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge

a 4  an

A TABLE of the STATUTES. *

in Honingbam,\o the bound? of Taxham ; and also a lane called Hangman's Lane,' near the gates of the feid city.

LXV11I. An a St for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several ads of parliament made for repairing the road from Ipfwicb to Cleydon, and feveral. other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

LXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an a£t of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said county.

LXX. An act to enlarge the term contained in two several ads of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called EarTs Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of Lancafieu

LXXI. An act to continue two ads, of the third and feven-teenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chau, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford. Mill in the county of Hertford'I > LXX1I. An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicejler in the county ol Oxford, to Aylejbury in . the county of Bucks... .  ■  •

LXXIII. An act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county flock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

LXXIV. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from ,Cirence/ler in the county of Glaucefier, to Birdbp Hill in the said county.

LXXV. An act for building a workhouse in the parifh. of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Wejlminjler, in the county of Middlefex.

£*XXVI, An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry,

* over Copthorn, in the county of Svffex, through Linafieli, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditcbling Boft Hills, in the said county of Suffex.

LXXVII. An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, tp the Windmill in the town of Wat ton, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXVIIL An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

LXXIX. An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew Holborn, London, to purchase a workhoufe.

LXXX. An act for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the parish pf ; Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the pounty of Middlefex.

LX2£XI, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES/ LXXXI. An *ft for confolidadng the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Xhomat* Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the city of New Sarutn.

LXXXII. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by-an aft palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the Second, fo far as the said aft relates to* the repairing and widening the road from Hindbead Heath* in the county of Surry, through Fernhurft Lane and Midhurjl*- to the city ot Chichefler, in the county or Suffer; and also for repairing and widening the road from. Cbichefler aforesaid to Delkey* in the said county.

L&XXI1J' An act to continue and render more effectual several ads for repairing and amending the road from Bigglef-wade* ih the county of Bedford* through Bugden and Akonbury to the top of Akonbury Hill* and from Bugden to Huntingdon* and from Croft Hall to Great Stoughton Common* in. the county of Huntingdon ; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-boufe* in the parish of Temptford* to and through Little'Barford* Eynejbury* and Saint Neats* to the turnpike road at the end of Croft HaU Lane.

LXXXIV. An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty’s reign, “ for re-“ pairing and widening the road from Sutton* in the county of “ Surrey* through the borough of Reigate* by Siding Mill* to <c Pavey Croft* and from Sutton aforesaid, through Qheam* and €C over Howell Hill* to Ewell* and also the road from Tadr €€ worth* by the Windmill* to the bottom of Pebble [Hill* in the said county and for impowering the trustees appointed by an aft of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the Firft, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Suffer* to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said aft of the tenth of George the Firft, and putting them under the direftipn of the trustees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; ana for repairing the road from Pavey Craft* in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Suffer; and also the road from Woodbatcb to Peteriige Lane* in the county of Surrey.

LXXXV. An aft for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate* in the borough of King'f-Lynn* into the parishes of Eajl Walton* Narborougb* Stoke*Ferry* and Down* ham-Market* in the county of Norfolk,

LXXXV I. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the Eafl Gate* in the borough of King's-Lynn* into the parifties of Gey ton and Grimftone* and to the gate next Hillings ton, on Congbam Common* and to the north end of Babingley Lane* in thp county pf N^folb*

'  LXXXVII.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXXXVlI. An aft tb enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft passed in the fitft year of the reign of his present Majesty, ** for repairing and widening the road from the east ** end of Weft Taphoufe Lent to the borough of Lijkeard, and “ from thence to Coomb Row Houfe, and also the road from “ the said borough of Lifkeord to Craft Holt, add from thence ** to Crimble Paffage and Tar Point, and from Graft Hole a-“ forefeid to Saint German’s Beaton, in the counties of Com-** wall and Devon,” and for amending the roads from Barn 8treet to Dube Church, and from Lux Sreet to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Pofl to Treworgey Crofs, in the county of Cornwall.

LXXXVIII. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldtrmajlon Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

LXXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of Chejler, to Saxon’s Lane End in the county of Lancqfter, and other roads in the said aft mentioned.

XC. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several afts now subsisting for repairing the road from Dun-church to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

XCI. An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft

Staffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty j or repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentionedj and for a-mending several other roads adjoining thereto.

XCn. An aft for repairing and widening the road from' Workfip to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Afufkbam, in the county of Nottingham.

• XCIII. An aft for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the fame.

XCIV. An aft for amending the road from Wtlljbourn Mom-fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

XCV. An aft for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmfton, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Suffix.

XCVI. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint 'Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge’, and from the south end of the Ferry-Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

XCVII. An act to extend the provisions ih two afts passed in the third and fifth years-of his prelent Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littlepbrt, and o-ther roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other proviflon for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport j and for making and keeping in repair

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES.

pair a road from jLittliport to Chequer Corner in Dowriham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

XCV1II. An aft for repairing, widening, and altering the road from'Macclesfield, m the county of Cbejler, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the fame county.

XCIX. An aft for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tammrth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

C. An act to continue the term, ahd to vary and enlarge the powers of two ads of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firft, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways froth Speenbamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts $ and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

Cl. An aft for repairing and Widening the road from Harford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Harford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucefier, at the bottom of Stow-Hill; and from Swerfbrd-gate, in the said county of Oxford» to the turnpike road in Jfynho, in the coun* * ty of Northampton.

CII. An act to amend an aft made in the sixth year of the reign of his ptefbht Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the Hver Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Merfey, at or near Runcorn Gap j and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIII. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the sixth year of the reign Of his prelent Majesty, intituled, An a£t for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between BeWdley and Titton Brook', in the county of Wor-cefter, to ctfofs the river Trent, at or near Hey wood MiH, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the find river Trent and the river Merfey j and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIV. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the thir-ty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgbw, and for building a bridge Crofs the said river, from the faid" city, to the village of Gorbells.

CV. An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, and waggon way, from the collieries in the parilhes of Old and New Monkkmd, to the city of Glafgow.

CVI. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an aft made in the thirty-firft year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepftow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester j and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CVII. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

pow-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

powers of three ads for repairing the highways through the fe-veral parishes of Saint Michael* Saint Alban* Saint Piter* Sbenley JRidge* and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Mid-dlefex.

C VIII. An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effedual, fo much of three ads of parliament, for repairing the roads from Seven-Oaks* Tunbridge- Wells > and Kippings-Crofs* to Lamberhurft-pound* and Pullin's-Hill* in the county of Kent** and to FlimwelUvent* in the county of Suffex; as relates to the road leading from Sevenoats Common to Woodfgate, Tunbridge-weUs* and Kipping's-Crofs* in the said county of Kent.

CIX. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln. .

CX. An act to explain, amend* and render more effedual, an ad made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes ^ in the liberty of Weftminfier, and county of Middlefex.

CXI. An act for compleating the navigation of the river Swale* from its junction with the river Vre to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook in the county of York* and for repealing part of an ad made in the seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign relating thereto.

CXIL An act for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a coemetery or church-yard \ and for building an house for the use of the mi-nifter of the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Mid-dlefex.

CXIII. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncost* in the county of Stafford* to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to AJhborne* in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor* in the county of Stafford* to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to AJhborne near Nezvhaven* in the coun-

Sf of Derby; and from Warjlow to Eflon Mine* in the county of tafford.

CXIV. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York* to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool* in the county palatine of Lancajler* and from thence to the river Merfey.

r—  1  ■  -*—1 •  ........

PRIVATE ACTS.

AN ad to enable the right honourable George Sackville* commonly called lord George Sackville, and his ilTue male, to take and use the surname of Germain* purfu-ant to the will of the right honourable the lady Elizabeth Ger-main* deceafed.

2,  An act for naturalizing John Cafpar Sbneider*

3* An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

3.  An aft for naturalizing Adam KrolL <

4.  An aft for naturalizing John 'Darnel Cailler.

5.  An act to enable the Bimop of Briftol to grant a leale or leases of a close of Ground, coditnonly called the Bijbop's Park% in the parish of Saint Auguftine, otherwise called Saint Auguftine the lefsy within the city of BriftoU or the suburbs thereof.

6.  An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting the open fields, and certain commonable places, in the parish of Halloughton, in the county of Leicefter. /

7.  An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting the open fields, in the parish of Ratby> and county of Leicefter.

8.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Waddington, in the county of the city or Lincoln.

9.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields and commonable places, in the parifil of Saddington9 in the county of Leicefter.

10.  An aft for dividing and inclosing certain open fields and common paftures, in the parifil of Scawby% in the cotinty of Lincoln.

11.  An .aft for dividing and inclosing the open commons, within the manor or lordlhip of Brampton, in the parifil of Long-marton> in the county of Weftmoreland.

/ 12. An aft for dividing and inclosing an open common, or tract of ground, parcel of Mendif, in the parilhes oi.Eaft cran-more and Weft Cranmore, in the county of Somerset.

13. An aft for dividing and inclosing a certain common, or waste ground, called Derby Hills, in the county of Derby9 parcel of the manor of Caftle Donington, in the counties of Leicefter and Derby.

14  An aft for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parifil of Blackbourton, in the county of Oxford.

15  An act to enable William Harwood, and his* iflue, to take and use the surname and arms of Backwell, pursuant to the'will of William Backwell deceafed.

16.  An act to enable William Head Efquire, a minor, and his iflue, to take and use the surname of James only, and. to bear the coat of armour of the family of John James Efquire, deceafed.

17.  An aft for naturalizing Chrtflian Gottlieb Schufter.

18.  *An aft for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin.

19.  An aft for naturalizing John Julius Angerftein.

20.  An aft forfeiting the mahor of Lymington> and certain lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerfet and Wilts* fettled by the will of John Waller Efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold 5 and for settling other lands and hereditaments in the said county of Wilts> in lieu thereof $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21.  An aft for difeharging certain estates from the uses and trusts thereof, created in and by ?n aft of parliament palled ii*

‘  ~  ^thc

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An eft Jor charging the fettled and unsettled ejlates bf Gilbert Caldicot Efquire, with raising money, to pay bis debts and incumbrances, and for limiting bis unsettled ejlates Jo charged to the uses of his marriage fettkment \ and tor charging the said estates to the several uses and trusts therein mentioned.

* 22 An adt for dividing ahd inclofmg certain open and common % fields and grounds, within the parish of Benmvjorth in the county of Lincoln.

23.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Navenby, in the county of Lincoln.

24.  An adt for dividing and inclosing part of the common fields, in the parifil of Uppingham, in the county of Rutland.

25.  An adt for dividing and inclosing certain open lands, grounds, and common paftures, in the parifil of Wtnterton, in the county of Lincoln.

26.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the townfiiip and manor of Thornton, in Brad-ford Dale, in the weft riding of the county of Tori*

27.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open fields, downs, meadows, and waste lands, within the manor or manors of Compton, in the parifil of Enford, in the county of Wilts.

28.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor or parish of Bajfenthwaite, in the county of Cumberland.

20. An adt for dividing and inclosing the several open fields,-copies, and commonable ground, within the parish of Denton, Otherwife Divington Parva, in the county of Northampton.

30.  An adt for dividing and inclosing Wyvill Heath, in the Lordfhip of Wyvill cum Hunger ton, in the county of Lincoln.

31.  An adt for dividing and inclosing a certain parcel of open

ground, called Dunnington Moor r in the east riding of the county o( Tori.  I

32.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the common fields, com- I mon pafture, and other uninclosed grounds, within the townfiiip I of Weft Heflerton and parish of Teddingham, in the east riding of the county of Tori.

33.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Bottesford, including the hamlejts of Eaftborpe and Normanton, in the county of Leiceftcr.

34.  An adt for dividing and inclosing two common (tinted paftures, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of Seller by, in the north riding of the county of Tori.

35.  An adt for dividing and inclosing a parcel of open ground, in the township of Earfwici, in the county of Tori.

36.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and wafteground, in the lordship or liberty of Ravenjlone, other-wife Rjomfton, In the counties of Leicefter and Derby.

37.  Aa adt for dividing and inclosing the open and com-

mon

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mon fields, lands, and downs, within the manor and parish of Wejlwelly in the county of Oxford.

38.  An aft for dividing and inelofing several common fields and commonable lands, within the parish of Bulkingtony in the county of Warwick.

39.  An a& for dividing and inelofing the open parts of the common arable fields, and the common meadows, pasture grounds, commons, and waste grounds, within the townmips of Sberburn, Lemerton, BarkJlon-AJbyChurch Fentony Little Fenton and Eiggeny in the county of Tort.

40.  An a& for amending, and rendering more effedual, an a& made in the seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for dividing a certain Fen, catted the Hautrc Huntre, Eight Hundred; or Holland Fen, and certain other commonable places ad* joining thereto, in the parts ^"Holland, in the county^Lincoln.

41.  An a& for amending and rendering more effectual an a<5t made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for draining and improving certain low marjby and fen lands, lying between Bolton Haven and Bourne, in'the parts of Kef-even and Holland, in the eounty of Lincoln, and for improving the navigation through the> said lands.

42.  An a <51 for dividing and inelofing the common fields, common meadows, common cow pafture, lammas grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of Simpfon, in the county of Bucks•

43.  Ana<5t for naturalizing John "Jacob Appacb.

44.  An a£t for naturalizing John Gottfried Henman.

45.  An a 61 for veiling a certain messuage or tenement, witl^ the appurtenances, in Arlington Street, in the county of Middle-fix, part of the fettled estate of the most noble Evelyn duke of Kingftony in trustees and their heirs, in trust for the said duke 3 and for settling other estates of the laid duke to the lame uses as the said messuage and premises npw Hand limited.

46.  An a£t for vesting several lands and tenements, fettled and intailed upon Jacob Pleydell Bouverie, commonly called vifebunt Folkejloncy and William Earl of Radnor, and their issue refpe&ive-ly, by the will of Sir Mark Stuart Pleydell baronet, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, to discharge incumbrances; and for veftiqg several lands and tenements fettled and entailed upon the said earl and his iflue, by the will of Sir Edward des Bouverie Baronet deceafed, in truftees, to be fold ^and for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof.

47.  An adtfor vesting the fee Ample and inheritance of certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Winterbourne ClenJiony In the county of Dorfety in truftees, for the right honourable Jofepb Lord Milton and his heirs, discharged of the several charitable uses to which the fame now stand limited; and in lieu thereof to fubjeA and charge the fame, and other lands and hereditaments in the fame county, whereof the said Jofepb Lord Mittony is seised in fee, with the .payment of a perpetual rent charge of greater value, and for other purposes.

48.  An ail*to enable the right honourable George Lord Edge*

cmbc>

A TAfcLfi of STATUTES.

combe, to grant building leases of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, within the manor of Stonehoufe, otherwise East Stonebou/e^ in the county of Devon. ■»

49. An aft for confirming an agreement, afterwards made an order of affize, and rule of his Majesty’s court of King’s bench at Weftmnfier, in a caufc wherein John Doe, on the demise of William Salvin Efquire and Catherine his wife was plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton and Mary Thornton, fpinfters, infants* by their guardians, Were defendants, touching the manor of Netberwit-ton, capital messuage of Netberzvitton, and other meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Northumberland, heretofore the estate of John Thornton, late of Netherwitton aforesaid, Efquire, deceased j and for confirming the award made in pursuance of the said agreement.

$0. An act to impower the trustees named in the settlement of Sir George Robtnfon Baronet, and dame Dorothea his wife, to grant building and repairing leafe* of .the fettled, estates in or niear Tower-Hill, within the liberty of the tower of London; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

51.  An act to enable the trustees of the eftates. devised by William Hulme Efquire, to grant building leases thereof, and to in-creafe the number of exhibitioners in Brafen Nofe College, Oxford, founded by the said Teftatorj and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

52.  An aft for veiling the manor of Snelfton, and certain meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Snetfton, in the county of Derby, comprised in the marriage settlement of Thomas Docifey Efquire, in truftees, in trust to fell and convey the fame to Arthur Bowyer gentleman, and his heirs, discharged from the uses of the laid fettlement; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

53.  An aft for veiling the (hare and interest of George Rich Efquire, second fon of Sir Robert Rich Baronet, deceafed, of and in 6000/. (which, by the settlement made on the marriage of the said Sir Robert Rich, with dame Elizabeth Rich, his now wjj-dow, was fecured'for the benefit of their younger children) in the executors of the said Sir Robert Rich, as part of his personal eftate, pursuant to a codicil to his will, made for that purpose.

54.  An aft for sale of the fettled estate of the honourable George Hobart, in the county of Lcice/ler; and for ftivefting the monies to arise from such fale, in the purchase of other lands, to be fettled to the like ufes.

55.  An aft for establishing and confirming an exchange of divers lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Dovebridge, in the county of Derby, for other lands and hereditaments, in the fame parifh, pursuant to an agreement between John Fitzherbert clerk, matter of ajrts, vicar of the vicarage and parish church of Dove-bridge, within the diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, and Sir Henry Cavendijb Baronet, by and with the consent of the patron of .the said vicarage, and the ordinary of the diocefe.

56. An

6

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

56.  An act for impowering the guardians named in the will of Jf^illiarriTbrockmorton Bromley Efquire, deceafed, to make sale of timber growing upon part of his fettled estates •, and for inverting the money thereby arising in the purchase of lands for the bene-fit of his infant children*

57.  An act for eftabfifhing, ratifying, and confirming, all fales, partitions, and divifions, made, or to be made, by virtue of the powers or authorities contained in the several marriage fettle* ments of Sir Walter Blount Baronet, and the honourable dame Alary his wife, and of the honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the honourable Barbara his wife, and for other purposes.

58.  An act to explain and amend an ad, parted in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the firft, intituled, jin aft for vesting in trujlees several lands* tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of York and Derby, for the maintenance of the poor persons in the bofpital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewfbury, long Jince deceafed, situate at Sheffield, in the said county of York; and for enlarging the buildings of the said bojpital, and adding more poor persons to tbofe already ejlablijhed therein ; and for enlarging the powers contained in the said aft, and for other purposes.

59* An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, mea* dows, pasture leys, and (tinted common paftures, in the town* ship and parish of Mat ton, in the county of Lincoln.

60.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, at Little Stretton, in the parish of Norton, and county of Leicejier.

61.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable lands and grounds* within the liberties of Stoke, Goldington, in the county of Bucks.

62 An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Souldrop, in the county of Bedford.  1

63.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pafture, and all other open, common, and waste lands, in the parish of Normanton upon Soar, in the county of Nottingham\

64.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Saint Neot's, in the county of Huntingdon..

65.  An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and' other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parifh. of Abington Pigotts* 'otherwife Abington in the clay, in the county of Cambridge.

66.  An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and

common fields, and the Midfummer and Lammas and other commonable meadows, paftures, and grounds, and the common or waste ground called Aukejler Heath, within the manor of Aul-cejler, in the county of Warwick.  •

67.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, mea-

dows, common paftures, and waste grounds, within the town* Voh. XXVIII.  b  (hips

A TABLE of the STATUTES. ^

in Honingbam,Ao the bound; of Yaxham; and also a lane called Hangman's Lane,1 near the gates of the said city.

LXV1II. An a dt for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament made for repairing the road from Ipfwich to Cleydon, and feveral. other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

1 LXIX. An a& to enlarge the term and powers of an adt of the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the said county.

LXX. An adt to enlarge the term contained in two several acts of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more effediuai repairing, widening, and amending the road .from a place called EarTs Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of Lancafteu

LXXI. An adt to continue two adts, of the third and feven-teenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road leadirig from Galley Corner, adjoining to En-field Chau, in the parish of Soptb Mims, in the county of Middlefex) to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

' LXXII. An adt for repairing and widening the road from Bicejler iathe county of Oxford, to Aylefbury in. the county of Bucks. > .

LXXUI. An adt to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Devon to apply a sum of money, out of the county flock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high street in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

LXXIV. An adt to ehlarge the term and powers of an adt made in the twentieth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from ,GrenceJler in the county of Gloucefier, to Birdhp Hill in the said county.

LXXV. An adt for building a workhouse in the parifli. of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Wejlminjler, in the county of Middlefex.

£XXVI, An adt for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry,

- over Cop thorn, in the county of Suffix, through LindfieU, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditchling Bofl Hills, in the said county of Suffex.

LXXVII. An adt.for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county, of the city of Norwich, tp the Wtisdmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

LXXVIII. An adt for amending and widening several roads leadingfrom the.Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

LXXIX. An adt to enable the pariftvioners of Saint Andrew Holborn, London, to purchase a workhoufe.

LXXX, An adt for building a workhouse for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the parish pf Saint Andrew Holbourn, in the county of Middlefex.

LXXXI, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES/ LXXXI. An *ft for consolidating the rates to be made for the relief of the poor of the respective parilhes of Saint Tbemas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the city of New Sarum• LXXXII. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the Second, fo far as the said aft relates to-the repairing and widening the road from Hindbead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernhurft Lane and Midkurftr to the city or Cbichefler, in the county of Suffix; and also (or re* pairing and widening the road from. Cbicbefier aforesaid to Delkey, in the said county.

LXXXI1I. An aft. to continue and render more effectual fcverai afts for. repairing and ameudingthe road from Bigglef-wade, ih the county of Bedford, through Bugden and AUonbury to the top of AUonbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the:county of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the Ferry-boufe, in the parish of Tempsford, to and through Little'Barford, Eynejbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Croft Hall Lane.

LXXX1V. An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty’s reign, 44 for re-“ pairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow MiU, to 44 Pwey Crofs, and from Sutton aforesaid, through tifyeam, and <4 oveir Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road , from Tadr 44 worth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill, in the 44 said county $” and for impowering the trustees appointed by an aft of the tenth year of his late majesty King George the Firft, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Suffix, to make a yearly allowance to the trustees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trustees appointed by the said aft of the tenth of George the Firft, and putting them under the direftipn of the trustees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from Povey Crofs, in the county of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Suffix; and also the road from Woodhatcb to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey.

LXXXV. An aft for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate, in the borough of King'f-Lynn, into the parilhes of Eajl Walton, Narborougb, Stoke*Ferry, and Down* bam-Market, in the county of Norfolk,

LXXXV L An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King's-Lynn, into the parilhes of Gey ton and Grimjlont, and to the gate next Hillings ton, on Congbam Common, and to the north end of Babingley Lane> ih thp county of Norfolk♦

LXXXVII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

LXXXVlI. An ad tb enlarge the term and powers granted by an ad pafied in the first year of the reign of -bis prefen t Majesty, *« for repairing and widening the road from the east “ end of Weft Tapboufe Lane to the borough of Lijkeard, and “ from thence to Coomb Revo Houfe, and also the road from “ the raid borough of Lijkeard to Craft Hole, add from thence “ to Crimble Paffage and Tar Point, and firm Graft Hole a-** forefeid to Saint German's Beaten, in the counties of Corn-** wall and Devon,” and for amending the roads from Barn 8treet to Dulee Church, and from Lux Sreef to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Peft te Treworgey Crofs, in the county of Cornwall.

LXXXVIII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermafon Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

LXXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stotkport in the county of Cbejler, to Saxon's Lane End in the county of Lancafter, and other roads in the said ad mentioned.

XC. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several ads now subsisting for repairing the road from Dun-tburcb to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

XCI. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ad pafied in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majestyj tor repairing the several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned; and for a-mending several other roads adjoining thereto.

XCII. An act for repairing and widening the road from' Worifttp to the turnpike road at Kelbam, and from Dehdale Hill to the great northern road at South Afujkbam, in the county of Nottingham.

* XCIII. An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to rhe fame.

XGIV. An act for amending the road from Wtlljbourn Mem-fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

XCV. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmfton, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Suffix.

XCVI. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint'Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry-Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

XCV II. An act to extend the provisions ih two ads pafied in the third and fifth years-of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littlepirt, and o-ther roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wilburton to Mepall; and for making other provision for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport •, and for making and keeping in repair

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES*

pair a road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Dowtiham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

XCVIII. An aft for repairings widening, and sitering the road from 'Macclesfield, m the county of Chefier, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Ferntlee, in the county of Derby, leading to Cbopel in the Frith, in the fame county.

XCIX. An aft for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tanrmrth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

C. An act to continue the term, arid to vary and enlarge the powers of two afts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firft, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of PPVtS} and for repairing several other roads, therein mentioned.

CL An act for repairing and Widening the road from Bur ford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gltmcefler, at the bottom of Stow- Hill; and from Swerfird-gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the coun- * ty of Northampton,

CII. An act to amend an aft thade in the sixth year of the reign of his preterit Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near fFtlden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Merfey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIII. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the 'fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a£t for milking and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between BeWdley and Titton Btook, in the county of Wor-cefter, to cfbfs the river Trent, at or near Hey wood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Merfey} and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CIV. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the thir-ty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgbw, and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city, to the village of Gorbells.

CV. An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, and waggon way, from the collieries in the parishes of Old and New Monkiand, to the city of Glafgow.

CVI. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an aft made in the thirty-firft year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Cbepftow in the county of Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloueejler j and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CVII. An aft tp continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

pow-

c  Anno  octavo  Georgii  III.  C.  il [176/*

ted, as (hall be Gutrnjty, and Alitrnty, or any of them, for the only use of the f‘an,Pf^te<h inhabitants of those iflands; 10 as the exporter, before the lad-ampron'. to" *nS  commodities,  or  laying  t}ie  lame  on  board, do bc-

Jer(ey,Guern- come bound, with other fufficieiu fecqrity, in treble the value %, and Al- thereof, which the customer or comptroller of the fame port derney,(bribe hath hereby power to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his habitants m* Majesty’s ufe, and for which security no fee or reward Audi be there. given or taken, that such commodities (hall be landed in the The exporter laid islands of jerfeyt Gutmfey, and Aldtrnty, or one of them fhriTOMcurity (the danger of the seas Only excepted) for the use of the inha-fcmdinKtbere- “tants *here, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts of, 8  * whatfoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing

and returning (he fame there, as are required by the laid ad made in the Jail a certificate session of parliament on the exportation of the laid commodities within the to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose in the laid ad mentioned; and fo as the quantity of d f tl 5 wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread, bifeuit, and peafe, which at quantity*^* any time or times after the palling of this ad, and during the not exceed in continuation thereof, (hall be (hipped at the said port for the said the whole 5000 iflands, or either of them, as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the quarters. whole five thousand quarters; any thing in the said ad contain^ ed to the contrary notwithftariding.

Nor is it to HI. Provided alfo, That this ad, or the laid former ad, (hall extend to such not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be &c* ** transported out of or from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpoolt portedfrora1'* on*y *nto  ffi* °f Man for the only use of the inhabitants of

White-haven' (hat ifland; fo as the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, or Liverpool barley, oats, meal, or flour, or laying the fame on board, do to the Kle of become bound with other fufScient security in treble the value Sfeome**1* (hereof (which the customer or comptroller of either of the said habitantsm" ports respectively hath hereby power to take in his Majesty’s therej name, and to his Majesty’s ufe) (for which security no fee or reward lhall be given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, giving*fecuri- roeal, or flour,fhall be landed in the said Ifle of Man (the dan-ty, &c. ger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts what-and returning foever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the ^certificate, fame there, as are required by the said ad made in the last fet lion of parliament on the exportation of the said commodities to the Briiijb colonies in America, and within the time for that and fo as the purpose in the said ad mentioned;. and fo as the whole ^Ud ?tV i, fluan(‘(y wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, which at any portt'donot time or tiroes after the palling of this ad, and during the con-rjr4,500 tinuation thereof, (hall be (hipped at both the said ports for the quatteisintbe said IJle of Man, (hall not exceed in the whole twothoufend whofe, &c. five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof to Be exported from the said port of Liverpeole: any thing in the said ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Nor & to ex- IV. Provided also, That nothing in this ad contain^ (hall

whis’ilf1b extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Africa wncHj   from

zj6?.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2.'  3

from exporting, during the continuance of this aft, any quan- exported bjr tity of wheat flour not exeeding two hundred quarters, or anycoroA/nCto quantity of bread or bifeuit not exceeding fifteen tons in the Africa?** whole of such bread or bifeuit, or of such bread and bifeuit to- exceeding a gether, to the Britijh forts, caftles, and fa&ories, in Africa, for certain quantile support of the peribns refidmg there; fo as the likeftfcurity W cacil be given for the exporting thereof as is required by the said aft10r * . c\ to be" given by persons carrying the said commodities to the Britijh colonies in America.  *  *  *

V.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- None of the faid. That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or commodities Ranch, which ftiall be exported by virtue of this aft, (hall be in- ^efmided to titled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and any drawback, made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any

of them.

VI.  Provided neverthelefs. That the said continuation may Proyifion for lie abridged or fhortened; and this aft, and the said former abridging the a ft, or both or either of them, or any part thereof, may be al- o? altcrine°the tered and varied by any other ail or afts to be made in this said a&# 8 present feflzon of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act to centime frveral alls made in the lafl fejjion of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulfeoats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free \ and also fo much of an aft made tn the fame feffton as relates to the free importation of rice from bis Majesty*s colonies in North America; and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for ' a limited time, free if duty.

WHERE A S it is expedient that the laws herein after men- Preamble*.

tioned jhould, be continued; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the several afts made in the last session or parliament 3 that is to fay, an aft, intituled. An aft for allowing the importation ^Recited aft wheat and wheat flour from his Majeflfs colonies in America, into continued, this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty $ and also fo much of  _

an aft, intituled, An aft for allowing the free importation of rice, JJf 52e fago-powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majeflfs until 1 Jan. colonies in North America, for a limited time, as relates to the *769* importation of rice* (hall Continue, and (hall be in full force and effeft, and be carried into execution, until the first day of yanunry,'anz thousand (even hundred and sixty nine ; and an a<51, intituled, ’ An aft for further allowing the importation of Alfo the two wheat and wheat'flour, barley, barley medl, and pulfe, free of da- a?s hercrJ-tyx into this Ungdom from any part of Europe 5 and alfo* an aft, continued till ^ntitiilcd; An-aft for allowing the importation of oats, and oatmeal, *0 days after' ~ *'  Bz  rye,  the com-

4  Annd  octavo  GeorgiiIII.  c. a. [1767 -

menccmcnt of rye and rye meal) into this iingdom9for a limited time9 free of duty 5 the next fcf- (hall continue, and (hall be in full force and effed, and be car-fonor parln- rje|j jnto execution, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

1u II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the ?e-ex- °D That, for and upon all rice which (hall be imported into this portation of all kingdom duty-free by virtue of this ad, and which (hall be a-rice import- gain exported thereout, there (hall be paid and answered to his - ed duty-free, Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, a subsidy of poundage of fix pence in the pound, according to the value or rate fet upon rice imported in the book of rates referred to by the ad of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second; which said subsidy of fix pence in the pound upon such rice fo exported, (hall be raif-ed, levied, colleded, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods or merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raifed, levied, colleded, or recovered, by any ad of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several daufes, pow-. to be paid in- ers, diredions, penalties and forfeitures, relating thereto, were to the exebe- particularly repeated and* re-enaded in the body of this pre-?UC«daf d rh~ ^cnt an<* ^at ^ut’cs (*^c nece(Tary charges of ma* d^fpofitiopof nagenrient excepted) be paid into the receipt of nis Majesty’s ex-parliament. chequer, and be there referred for the disposition of parliament. w. , III. Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority afore-wheatflour al- faid. That it (hall be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's lowed to be subjects to import into. Great Britain, in any (hip or vessel na-imported da- vigated according law, at any time or times before the first day from of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, any of hisMajef.y wheat or wheat flour from any part of Africa, without the pay-ty’s fubjedts, ment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or imposition whatfoever; «pc, at any any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the time before contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

* jan. 17 9.  IV• Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authori-

^madeofall a^orc^ai<l> That due entries (hall be made in such manner commodities a°d form as were used or practised before the commencement fo imported; of the last session of parliament, of the said commodities which • (hall be imported into this kingdom by virtue of this ad, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the ports of importation; or, in otherwifethey default thereof, the commodities fo imported, and whereof such are liable to entries (hall not be made, (hail be subject and liable to such and pay duty. * the fame duties as would have been payable thereon, in cafe the The said com-free importation thereof had not been allowed; and that all modities may such wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulfe, oats, and owhwife/ oatmeal, and rye and rye meal, may be carried coaftwife, dur- j ing the continuance of this ad, under the fame regulations as 1 the like articles, being the growth of this kingdom, are allow-ed to be carried coaftwife; any thing in any ad or ads of par- I liament contained to the contrary .notwithfomding.  I

Provifion for V. Provided neverthelefs. That the said continuations or any | abridging the of them, may be abridged or (hortened \ and this ad, and the

(aid

1767.] Anno o#avo Georgii III. c. 3-5.  5

faid former ads, or any of them, or any part thereof, may he continuations altered and varied by any other ad or ads to be made in this  tbe

prefent session of parliament.  acu'

CAP. III.

An aft for the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, from any of bit Mafifty's colonies in America, for a time therein limited,

WHEREAS the importation of Indian tom, or maize, from preamble.

any of bis Majesty’s colonies in America, into Great Britain, for a limited tithe, duty free, may be of advantage to this kingdom:

May it please your Majesty, that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Indian com, any person or persons whatsoever to import any Indian com, or °r maize, al-maize, from any of his Majesty’s colonies in America, into Great Britain, at any time or times'before the first day of February, anJot his Ma-one thousand seven hundred and. sixty nine, without the pay- jetty's colonies ment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or im portion whatfoever; »n America, and that the fame may also be carried coaftwife, under such re- duty .» gulations as wheat ana wheat flour of the growth of this king- "7 ti”J® * dom are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before ,!ff”rc^c the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ’ . * sixty nine; any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Provided a rity aforefaid. That a due entry (hall be made, in such manner due.e"51ry b*f ♦ and form as were used or practised before the making of this ad,made uere° * of alL Indian com, or maize, which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the said first day of February, one thousand feyen hundred and sixty nine, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported or brought in ; or otherwife, in default of making such entry, .fuch otherwise to Indian corn, or maize, (hall be liable and subject to such and the fame duties as were payable upon the importation thereof P** u '•* before the making of this ad j any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the (ervice of the year ode thouland seven hundred and iixty eight.

CAP. V.

An ait to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an aft pajfed in the seventh year of bis present Majesty*s reign* intituled. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into ' one ad of parliament, the several statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick high-

B3  ways

Preamble, reciting a clause and proviso in an a & of the last lciuon. c**b.

The recited clause and proviso repealed.

Reftri&ions in the recited ad, concerning the number of horfes, not to extend to carriages employed in earring any of the particulars herein mentioned. A& 14 and 15 Hen. 8. and *6 Hen. 8. which were repealed by the recited aft of the last feflion, are revived and to be in full force* Nothing in the recited or present a&, touching the making and returning lifts of persons qualified to be

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. g*  [1 767;

ways of this kingdom * and for Other purposes therein . mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft pafftd in the seventh year of bis present Mafifiy's reign* intituled* An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the several statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom5 and for other purposes therein men* I tioned; it is* among other things* enacted and' declared* 'fkat no \ waggon* having the wheels boundwith jlreaks or tire of alefs breadth than two inches and a half*, when wont* or being fet and fajlened on with rife-headed nails, shall go or, be drawn with more than three horses ; and that every owner or driver of any such waggon shall forfeit and lose all such horses above the number three* with all gears; ; bridles* halters* .and accoutrements* to the foie use and benefit of any person or persons who JhaUfeize ordiflrai n the fame \ with a proviso next \ after the said claufe* containing particular refitiftions as therein men* \ tioned: and whereas great inconvemencies havedrifen* and may arife, from the said claufe* which require an immediate remedy: therefore, | for preventing thereof for the future, beitenaded by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritiaal and temporal, and commons, in this .prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That as well the fatd clause as the said provifo, and every thing therein respectively contained, ihall be* and the fame, is and are hereby ;repealed and made void fo ail. intents and purposes.

IL Provided always, and be it further. enaded,: That nothing in the said recited ad contained concerning the number of horfes, (hall extend, or be confirued to extend, to any carts, waggons, or other carriages employed only in carrying any one done, block of marble, cable rope, piece of metol or timber,, or to such ammunition or artillery as ihall be for his Maiefty’s fervice.  .  ‘

III.  And whereas in and. by the said aft* an aft passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth of Henry the Eighthfor altering highways in the weld of Kent** and an aft pafi'ed in the twenty sixth year of the said King* intituled^ A bill for the highways in the ! county of Suffix* are repealed: and: whereas great benefits have artfen to the highways of the said counties of Kent and Suffex, from the exercise of the powers given by the said afts lafl mentioned: therefore be it-hereby further enaded, That the said last mentioned ads (hall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and (hall be and remain in full force and effect to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IV.  And be it further‘enabled by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in thefaid recited ad or this ad contained,touching the making and returning lifts of qualified persons tp be fur* veyors of the highways, and the appointment of such furveyors, nor the repeal of part pf an ad made in the third year of King JVilliam and Queen Mary relating to such furveyors, shall extend, or be conftrued, deemed, or taken to extend, to the city of

. Brifiol i

/

4767*7  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 6,7.  y

Brifiol j but that the several a£h of parliament which have been Purveyors of paned previous to the said aft of last session relativeto surveyors  ay**

of the highways, and to cleanfing, paving, lighting, and regulat- pointmenfof ing, the streets and other places within the said city, (hall remain such furvey-in Axil force, and be executed in as full and ample manner and ors$ nor the form, to all intents and purposes, as the fame might or ought to have been, if neither the (aid aft of last feflion, nor this aft,3 wil?&Mary# had ever been made $ and the competent number of qualified relating to perfons, of which a lift is directed by the said aft of the third of C«ch furvey. King William and Queen Mary to be returned for each pari(h to the justices at their special fefiions, in order for the appoint- city of°Briftol| tnenc of furveyors, is hereby declared, fo far as concerns the but the severity of Briftol, (hall be ten at the lead; and that all appoint- ral afts, pre-tnents of such surveyors that have been made within the said vlo."s city by virtue of the said a ft of last feflion, (hall from hence- [hriaft feflion, forth be void.  relative to fur-

veyors, and to the cleanfing, lighting, &c* the streets in Briftol, are to be in force, and fully executed. The number of qualified perfons, directed by aft 3 Wil. &,M. to be returned, in the lifts for each parifli, to the juftices, as far as concerns Briftol, is to consist of 10 at the lead;; and all appointments of furveyors, within the said city, under the aft of the last feflion, are from henceforth declared void*

CAP. VI.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by Jaw, and for allowing further time for that purpose j and to indemnify members, and Officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, kor, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ftamped.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying afts of 1 Geo. 1. 13 Car. a. 15 Car. *• 30 Car, 2. S Geo. i. 9 Geo. a. 18 Geo. *. and 6 Geo. 3. Perfons, who at, or before, the patting of this aft, have omitted to qualify them-felves for offices and employments, as the laws {lireft, &c. and who (hall duly qualify themselves on or before 2$ Dec. 1768, are indemnified for any such previous omiflion, and recapacitated 5 and all elections and afts done, or to be done, by them, &c. are declared to be as valid, as if, they had before duly qualified themselves as the said several afts direft $ except in such cafes where final judgement hath been given In any court for the penalty incurred by any such omiflion. Town clerks, and other publick officers, and persons whose appointments, and admiffions, or entries of admissions in the court books, may not have been provided 5 or not duly ftampt; or which have been loft or mislaid 5 providing, Sec. the fame oh or before 15 Dec. 1768, are confirmed in their offices, and indemnified, notwithstanding such omiflion. Offices, &c. already avoided by judgement of a court, and legally filled up, confirmed. Perlons sued may plead the general iffue.

CAP. VII.

An aft for punching mutiny and desertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. Number of forces 17,253, including 2,460 invalids. After 24.' March 1768, during the continuance of this aft, every officer and private man, who (hall mutiny or defert, &c. or lilt ih any other regiment, Scc. or (hall be found deeping on, or (hall defert, his pod:, or hold illegal cor* iefpondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or (hall ftrike, or disobey his superior officer 5 (hall differ death, or such punishment as a court-martial (hall inflift. The king may grant a comm\flion to hold a court-martial, &c. Courts-marfial may inflict corporal punishment for immoray Jjties, Sec, General court-martial not to consist of less than 133 (except

B 4  withua

ft  Anno  octavo Georgii in. c; 7. X17^7*

Within the garrifonsofGoree;md Senegal ,&c.) and theprefidentto be afield officer or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain $ (ex-cept in the garrisons of Goree and Senegal, where they are to consist of 5 at leall:) may administer an oath to witnefTea. Officers to be fworn. The 1 oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be fworn. The oath* In sentences | of death, the number of officers to concur, See. Hours of trial. Deferter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or a term of years; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he (hall suffer ! death. The party tried, in titled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. See. of courts-martial to be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, Sec. None to be • tried a second time for the fame offence, except in cafe of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary procefs. Penalty on false certificates to excuse soldiers from mutters. Penalty on officers making false mutters. Sec. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty’s order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mutter. Mutter matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, Sec. Penalty on muiter-mafter neglecting fo to do. Mutter-rolls to be signed by the mayor. See. Penalty on perfbns offering themselves to be falsly muttered*

> Horfes falsly muttered, to be forfeited, &c. Forfeiture how to be levied* Officer embezilling, Sec. military ftores, to be cafhiered, and forfeit 100 /• and the damage to be made good by fate of his goods .and chattels; for want of diftrefs, the person to a|committed. Application of the forfeiture* Mutter-matter, Sec.1 taking a drafter, to make oath. The oath. Mutter-rolls, though transmitted without the oath indorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, &c. detaining officer^ or foldier’s pay. Weekly rates* Penalty on agsnts disobeying of order*. Surgeon, &c. within ten miles of London, Scc, to certify who are sick $ and commanding officer, who are employed in railing recruits. Penalty on officer muttering persons by wrong names. Conftables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houfes, Sec. But in no distillers houfes, or (hopkeepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty on conftables, &c. quartering soldiers in private houfes, See. Penalty on officers quartering j soldiers contrary to this aCt, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftices, and be relieved. No justice having any jiulitary office, to be concerned in billeting his foldiers. Officers and fol-diers to pay rates for their provifions* Wnat inn-bolders may allow men quarter’d on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons, Sec. and their horfes, to be billet-ed in the fame houfe. Manner of changing, men and horfes. Claufe relating to a foldier’s settlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scotland as the laws in force at the union direct. No pay* matter. Sec. to make deductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treafury may issue out the money due for clothing, every two months. Paymafters to deduCt the off-reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fubfittence-monev in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, &c. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying fubfiftence-money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officers to «  make  up  accounts, Sec. No mutter in Weftminfter, Sec. but in the preience

of two or more juftices. Conftables, Sec. may billet soldiers in Weftmin* fter, Sec. Petty conftables, Sec. to quarter soldiers in th?ir refpeCHve diviT fions. Conftables, Scc. to deliver lifts at quarter feffions, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their refpeCtive divifionsj to be infpeCted without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at % d. fir fheet, containing 150 words* Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. How to be levied. This act to extend to Jerfey, &c. Mutter-rolls to be closed on day of mutter, and returned to the paymaster of the forces.

See. Penalty. Juftices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for Carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day’s journey, See. Penalty on conftables, Sec. negleCt, Treafurers of the . county to repay the cpn ft able's extraordinary charge?. The money for those purposes how to be raifed. No waggon. Scc. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives, fit. not fo be quartered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers o*

1767."}  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. ff.

foldiers destroying the game. Mow the account of every regiment (hall be kept. Penalty on pay matters, Sec. Penalty on colonels. Non-cornmiffion officer embezzling soldier's pay, to be reduced, &c. Juftices may commit deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on persons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes, See. Penalty on officer breaking open house without warrant* His Majesty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limo, but for crimes expressed to bo fo ponifhable by this ?d. Deferters beyond Tea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft to extend to deferters, Sec. in Ireland, Sec, Perfons acquitted by the- civil magiftrate, may only be cafliiered by a court-mar* tiai. Perfons accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magittate, Stc. Paymasters, Scc. to account with executors. Perfons sued may plead the general iflue. Treble cotta. All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Wettminfter or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this aft. Penalties against the ad z George x. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to procefs, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of xo /. Oath . of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs. Plaintiff may file a common appearance* Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering; or vidual* lers refilling to quarter foldiers. Juftices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered. Sec. How the troops are to pay in palling over ferries in Scotland. Claufe for relief of persons haftilj fitting tnemfelves. Perfons refilling the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly inlifted. Offences against former mutiny ads punishable by this ad. None liable to be tried. Sec. for offences against former ads, which were committed 3 years before issuing the warrant for trial \ except forde-fertion. Officers, &c. of the trains of artillery subject to this ad. American troops, acting in conjunction with Britifti forces, liable to the fame martial laws. Officer* and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the BritHh forces, and under the fame regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond seas (hall be. relieved in order to return home, such of the men as (hall choose may be inlifted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; theoccafion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the inlifting certificate. This ad not to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the (nilitia laws. As .often as k shall beneceffary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commiffipns.

CAP. VIII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed lit Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight/

Preamble. 1,518,275/. 6s. Sc %d. 37. to be railed in GreatBritain. 1,492,309/; x 5/. &10 d. x q. to be raised in England, in one year, from 25 March 1768. Perfonal estates (except desperate debts, stock on land, houshold goods, ahd loans to bis Majesty) to pay 3 s. in the pound. Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 3 /. per pound. Pennons and annuities out of the exchequer, &c. to pay. Sec. Lands, tenements, mines,Sec. to be charged with equality and indifference,&c. Lands, fee. subject to rent charges, annuities, &c. Commiffioners of the land tax for tne year 1763, to put this ad in execution. Commiffioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1768, as by the ad 4 W. Sc M. and may subdivide themfelves, Sec. A lift of the commissioners to ad in each division, to be given to the receiver-general. Commiffioners tofummon fit persons to be afleffors, who are to appear before them in 8 days 3 and theq to give them a charge. Perfons abfenting, or refofing to ferve, forfeit, not exceeding 5 /. nor less than 40 s. Afleffors to be two at leaft, and sufficient inhabitants. Afleffments to be brought in at a day and place prefixt. The full sum charged to beafiefied. A certificate of the afieffment to be brought in, with the colledors names. Afleffors, Sec. neglecting their duty, to be fined not above 40/. Afleffors to deliver one copy of the assessments to thb epmmi&pnersi Duplicates thereof to be figned, &c. and one delivered to

the

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 8.  [1767.

Commiifioners may aft for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, Ac. Attornies, Ac. not to be commifHoners without possessing too /. per * ann. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin, le Grand, to aft, unless rated at so /. per ann. of his own eftate, Ac. No commissioner of the city, Ac. of Westminster to aft, unless rated at ao /. per ann. of his own eftate. Perfons difabled, presuming to aft, to forfeit * 50 7. - Collectors of the new water-works in Exon chargeable. Her majesty the Queen not chargeable$ nor her royal highness the Princefs Dowager of Wales) nor their royal highnesses the dukes of Gloucefter or Cumberland, or princess Amelia. Superannuated sea officers not to pay, Ac. nor poor knights of Windfor. Refidentiaries in what cafes not chargeable. Nor 100 £ per ann. to the poor clergy of the iile of Man/ Nor pages of honour. Receivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commiifioners for Lincoln to aft in Lincoln Clofe. And for the county in St.Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a regifter, Ac. Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment liable to diftrefs^ Receiver-general to give a lift of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refufa), to forfeit any fam not exceeding so /. Collectors may keep fo much money as any two commiifioners Judge reafon-able. No receiver to return an injuptr upon any county, Ac. after 3 years, for monies in arrear; but the fame to be a debt on him and his fecurities. Sheriff, on writs of Diftringas, to return issues after the rate of 5/. per cent, of the sum let infuper; and process to iiTue thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrewsbury chargeable. Who shall have the benefit only of overplus sums uncharged. Claufe for the cafe of proteftants, to whom lands, Ac. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a Angle afleftment $ commiifioners, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the fame to the barons of the exchequer, before 29 Sept. 1768 $ who are to diicharge the overplus before the last day of Nov. 1768. Certificates of the^ sums dif-cbarged to be produced to the commiifioners at their next meeting. Com-imilioners may summon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own ufe, or their heirs, Ac. and on examination may iiTue their warrants for paying such monies to his Majesty’s ufe. The payments made according to the commiifioners warrants, Ac. shall be difcnarges to the collectors, or their heirs, Ac. Collectors not paying, may be imprifoned, and their estates seized and fold.' Arrears of former land taxes to oe levied by the prefimt commiifioners. No receiver-general, or his agents, may sue the county for a robbery, unless the persons carrying the money be 3 in company. Tolls or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former aft. Commiifioners may, before 29 Sept. 1768, summon aiTeflors, who have not charged their estates since 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award fatisfaftion, to be levied and pud to the collectors. Com-miflioaers, Ac. to diftinguiflt and fet .down the gross sums assessed for double taxes, to be transmitted in the exchequer. AfleiToients on the town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, Ac. and on fifilings, Ac. on the river Cam. On whom, and when, yearly afieflments on fairs, Ac. to be collected. Diftrefies on default of payment, how to be levied. Tenants of booths,

Ac. to pay the rates, and deauft them out of their rents, Ac. 35*965 & xoj. 10d. % 9. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 months cess of 4,4.95/. 13 /. xo d, and five sixteenth parts of a penny, per minftm; to be rated as the tax roll now Is or (hall be fettled by themfelves. The first two months cess to be paid 14 June, 1768. Second 29 Sept. 1768. Third 15 Dec. 1768. Fourth s5Marcb, 1769. Commiflioners for putting this aft m execution in Scotland: and execution to be done as by the said afta. First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1768. All clauses in former afts relating to the bringing in the cels, Ac. to be in full force. No pfrfons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3 years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from , 11 Nov. 1767, to 11 Nov. 1768. 35,965 7. 10 s. 10 d. %q. to be raised free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No person to be a commttfion-' er of the land tax in Scotland, who is not infeoft of 100 /. Scots per ann. real rent, in the county where he afts. Exception. Commiflioners in Scon ■ j  land

1707. j  Anno octavo ueorgii in. c.  1$

land to take the oaths, and subscribe the aflurance. Protoft, 5cc. of any ‘ royal borough may aft as a commiflioner. Claufe of loan at 3 /. per cent.

Tallies of loan to be truck, &c. Orders to tie registered and pud in courfe.

•  No fee for regift ©ring, &c. Penalty for undue preference* No undoe preference, where tallies are dated or brought the fame days nor if fuhfe-qaent orders be paid before such at were not demanded in courfe. Orders adlignable. ComiQifiioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fum, or different fums,in the principal monies. Bills to bear interest at 3 /. per cent* per ann. Thefe bills to' be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to direct the course of parent for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cash in the exchequer. Claufes in the malt tax aft relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arising by this aft fhaH be applied. Treafury on 19 Sept. 1769, to take an account of all monies

•  railed and difcbarged. Unfatisfied monies to be paid out of the next ajd, or but of the sinking fond. The monies to be replaced out of the first fup-plies. Deficiency of the land tax 6 Geo. 3. how to be fupplied.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue and amend an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of bis present Majefiy* intituled* An aft for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland for a limited time; and for allowing• the importation of Jolted beef* pork* bacon* and butter* from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law herein after men-fc—u.

tioned Jbndd be emtinued and amended: may it therefore . please your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for importation of Jolted beef* pork* Aft 5 Geo. j, bacon* and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time3 which aft was afterwards continued until the first day of February, one thou- further coati-fand seven hundred and sixty eight, (hall continue, and (hall nued to 1 Feb. be in force and effeft, and be carried into execution, from the *769 > said first day of February* until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; except such parts of the fstid aft. as are herein after varied or altered.

IL Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That and goods, from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven bun- *c. imported' dred and sixty eight, no fubfidy, cuftoni, impofition, rate, or by duty whatfoever, (hall be paid or payable upon, for, or in respect present of, any of the goods or commodities which (hall be imported to be doty into this kingdom by virtue of the said former aft or this aft; free, tee. but that all such goods and commodities (hall and may be freely landed; and the importers or proprietors thereof, or any other person or perfons, (hall not be rabjeft to any penalty, forfeiture, or loft, or such. goods or commodities liable to be (eized or forfeited for or on account of such landing! ’any thing contained in the said former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  Provided neverthelefs. That the (aid continuation may protf for -

'  ‘ feefeMtoningdie

x4 -

continuation, or altering or varying these aftf.

Salted provisions allowed to be,imported from the British colonies in America duty free, before s May,

Preamble.

Claufe in aft’ xo Geo. *. repealed, with respect to the city of Bath.

The crown impowered to grant letters patent for eftablUhiag a theatre within the laid city.

Preamble.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 10,11. f 1767.

be abridged or (bortened, and this aft and the said former all, or either of them, or any part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other aft or afta to be made in this present session of parliament..

111.  And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid. That from and after thefirfit day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, it (hall and may be lawful for any per-fon or persons to import into Greta Britain, from the British dominions ui XmtrUa, at any time or times before the first day of May* one thoufead seven hundred and sixty nine, any faltea beef, pork, bacon-, and batter, without the payment of any fut>» fidy, cuftom, duty, or imposition whatfoever; any thing in any former jaft or afts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfianding.

CAP. X.

An act to enable bis Majejty to licence a playboufe in the city of Bath.

WHEREAS a licenced playboufe is much wanted in the city of Bath » may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with rite advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an aft of parliament which palled in the tenth year of his late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a£l to explain and amend fo much of an a£i made in the twelfth year of the reign of £$ueen Anne, intituled, An aft for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one aft of parliament; and for the more effectual punching such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fent, as relates to. common players of interludes , whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the ltage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty’s houshold for the time being, except within the liberties of IVeJlmnJler, or where his Majesty is redding for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby, repealed, with respect to the laid city of Bath; and that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city, which (hall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre dr playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and fub-jefted.

CAP. XI.

An alt for further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-In-dtes, with rtfptEHo the making of dividends. -

WHEREAS it was found necejfary, in the lafi fejfons ofparliament, for feiuring, as well the permanent intertft of the 4  united

1767*] Anno octavo Geobgii. III. c, i  15

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as 4he {late of credit both private and public, from the mifckief: which must have ensued from an improper and improvident increase of the dividend of the fend company, that the laid company Jbouldy for a time, be refrained from making any further increase of their dividends beyona the rate at which %t then food payable^ and to which it had then lately been increafed; And whereas the timfa for which fucb restriction was then hid, did expire at the beginning of this present feffum of parliament: Now, for as much as the farther interposition of parliament, for the fame salutary purpose, is at this time necejfaryt be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excel-lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords dividend be-fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament yon^ 10\] ^ aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall not cent, per ann. be lawful for any general court of the (aid company, at any to be resolved time before the first day of February, one thousand (even hun- rourtof dred and sixty nine, to declare, or resolve upon, any increase of the company, dividend beyond the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, before i Feb/ being the rate of the present dividend.  >769»

CAP. XU.

An aft for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (bore.

Preamble. After 25 March 176s, during the continuance of this aft, every marine officer and private man on mere* who (halt mutiny or de-fert, See. or lift in any other regiment, &c* or shall be found deeping on* or (hall desert his poft, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of bis Majesty, or (hall ftrike, or diiobey bis ihperior officer % (hall fuller death, or such punishment as a conrt-xnarflial (hall inflift. Tbe lord high' admiral, or commissioners for (executing that office, may grant a commif-fion to bold general courts-marffial, Sec. Courts-marthaf may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c. Lords, Arc. of the admiralty im* powered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and defection. Bec. and' to cpnttitute courts-marfbal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but but for crimes exp re fled to be fo puniffiable by. this aft. .General court* mSrfhal not to consist of less than 13 j and the preiident to be a field officer, or officer next in feiiiority, not under the degree of a captain. ,

May administer an oath to witnefles. Officers to be (worn. The oath.

The oath. The Judge advocate to be fworn. The oath. In sentences of death, nine officers to concur. Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, in-titled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-rnarflial.

Original proceedings of the courts-marfhal, to be transmitted to the ftcre-tary of the admiralty, Sec. None to be tried a second time for the fame offence. Sentence not to be reviled more ifcan once.. Deferters beyond fea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft not to exempt any on shore from ordinary procefs. Perfons acquitted by the civil magiftrate, may only be cashiered by a court-marihal. Perfons accused of capital primes, &c. to be delivered o^ er to the civil magiftrate, Sec. .Fiftitious pannes allowed by his Majesty%s order upon the mufter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mufter. Paymafter to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver; ^ Conftables, &c. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-boufes, Sec. But in no distillers houfes, or fhopkeepers, or in any private houfes. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this aft, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any just ices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furnitbed at the rates herein fet for their provifions. What inn holders may allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Conftables to billet the j^me accordingly. * No pay matter* &c, to make deductions out of office*-*

**  Anno  octavo GeoAgiiIII c i j:  [1767.

or private men's pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers 1  of iubfiftence-money in their hands. Kates of (ubfiftence to be paid to

innkeepers'. See. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice ot fubftft-ence-money, and paying quarters, paymaster to (atisfy them out of the company's next pay, and officers to be tafhiered. On moving from quarters the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due. Set. Paymafter to pay the sum certified for. Officers, kc. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direft. Juftices to order constables to provide carriages for the marine forces on their march. 'Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, Sec. Penalty on conftables. See. negleft. Trea- j furers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raifed. No waggon. See. to carry a- , bove^ so hundred weight. Carnages in Scotland how to be provided* Marines wives. Sec. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Conftables may apprehend deferters, and carry them before a juftice. Juftice to commit them, and tranfmlt an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the, subsistence of deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on persons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes, &c. This act to extend to deferters. Sec. in Ireland, Continu-„ ance of this aft. Offences against former afts may be enquired of and punished as under this aft, provided no person be liable to be tried for * offences committed 3 years before Ultima the warrant for trial; except in 1 cafes of desertion only. No volunteer liable to process unless for tome criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of | the debt to be made before judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process $ otherwise prisoner to be difeharged, with cofts. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to | judgment and execution. Penalty on conftables. Sec. neglecting to quarter marines. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quar- 1 tering, and on victuallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abuses in quartering, j uftices may order constables to give an account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered. Clauie for relief | of persons hastily lining tbemfelves. As often as it (hall be neceflary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts- , martial; taking rank according to the (eniority of their conuniffions. I Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any (hips of war, are liable to be governed by the rules eftablUhed by aft as Geo. a,

CAP. XIII.

An a£i to explain and amend fo much of an a8 made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the third, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty for difband-ing the army, and other necessary occafions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irifh efiabtijh-ment.

Preamble,re- TTTHEREAS by an oS of parliament made in the tenth year citing clause \\ of the reignofbis late Majesty King William the third, in-io Will tituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty for diibanding ‘ ** .the army, and other necessary occafions; it was enabled. That immediately, from and after the twenty jixtb day of March, one thou-fand fix hundred and ntnety nine, all toe regiments, troops, and tom-ponies, officers and foldienr, within the kingdom of Ireland, Jbould he dijbanded, except fitub regiments, troopsf and companies confifiing only •  of his Majeftfs natural-bom fiubjefls, not exceeding twelve thousand

perfons, commission and non-commijfion tffiters included, as, before the ' tenth dty of April, one thousand fix hundred and ninety tune, jbould

bo

*7

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c* 14.

particularly expreffeiby proclamation under the great feal of Ireland, in the manner therein directed: And whereas the publick fer-vice of these kingdoms doth require, that some part of the troops kept on the ejlabhjbment 0/Ireland, Jbould be employed towards the necef-fary defence of his Majejlfs garrisons and plantations abroad: And whereas it may be expedient that a number of troops, not less than twelve thousand men, commiffior\ed and nin-commiffioned officers in-eluded, Jbould be kept within the [aid kingdom of. Ireland, and for the better defence of the fame, exclusive offuch regiments on that efta-blijbment as are or Jball be employed in his Majesty*s said garrison and plantations; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords .H|S spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it up, on the (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- Irifh eftablim-fors, to raise and keep up, on the said establishment of Ireland,  anX

any number of troops, confiding only of his Majesty’s natural- ”^pSCn^ born fubjedts, not exceeding fifteen thousand two hundred and exceeding thirty five men in the whole, in time pf peaces any thing in j5»*35 men* the said adt to the contrary notwithftanding.  m time

CAP. XIV.  p€aCe*

An aft for providing proper accommodations for his Majeftfs justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of bolding such feffions.

WHEREAS certain accommodations are provided for bis ma- Preamble* jelly s justices of qjftfe upon their-circuits in England, by the Jheriffs the respective counties, who are allowed the expences thereby occajtoned in their bills of cravings in each year: And whereas it is proper that the like accommodations Jhould be providedfor his Majef* ty's justices of the great sessions in the principality of Wales, during their respective feffions, by the Jheriffs there; and that such Jheriffs Jhould be reibiburfed the expences of providing such accommodations out of the land revenues of the crown arising within the said principality, in manner herein after-mentioned; but Jome doubts having arisen whether, since the aft made in the first year of the year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An adl for the support of his Majesty’s Adi 1 Geo. j. houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown ,of Great Britain, any part of the said revenues can be applied for the said purpose without the authority of parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the. King’s most excellent Majesty, by apd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the Iheriffs of the several counties in Wales, Sheriff* in lhall, from henceforth, in each of their respective counties pro- Wales to pro-vide necessary lodging and other accommodations for his Ma- and other ac-jefty’s justices of the great feffions, during the time of each ref- commodati-pedtive feflion, in like manner as has been usually provided by ons forhis the Iheriffs within the several counties in England for the justices Majcfty> ju-of assise there; and that his Majesty may, by any warrant or GreatVeffiong.

Vol. XXV1IL  C  warrants  during the

iS  Anno  octavo  Georgii  III. c. 15.  £1767.  !

time of each warrants under his royal sign manual, countersigned by the high refpeftivc fef- treafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-thcy are to be fury ^or the time being, authorize, during the continuance of allowed in the laid ad made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign, the ao-their accounts, ditor for the time being of the land revenues of the crown arif-His Majesty ing within the principality of Wales, to allow and pass all or any impowered to of such charges as (hall, from time to time, be made by the ref-authorize the pedive (heriffs of the counties within thefaid principality, in the cro^n reve^C accounts hy them to be delivered into the office of the (aid au-nues in Wales ditor, of expences incurred by them refpedively, in providing to allow and necessary accommodations for his Majesty’s just ices of the great pass the char- sessions of Wales, during their feflions; and to direct that certi-and direatbat **cates ^all be delivered by the said auditor to the said (heriffs certificates be* °f *hc sums fo allowed and palled in their accounts refpedively; granted ac- and also to authorize, during the aforesaid term, the receiver or re-cordingly. ceivers general of the said revenues to pay the sums fo, from . time to time, certified, upon the production and delivery to him or them of such respective certificates, without any fee, deduction, or reward whatfoever, to be paid by the iheriff either to such auditor or receiver. •

The charges II. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&ed. That no t0 greater or larger sum (hall be allowed, naffed, certified, and paid, in refpcd of than the ^um °ften pounds for or in rclped of such accommoda-fuch accom- tions in any one county, during or upon account of any one modations in such feffion.

any one county, for any one feffion.

CAP. XV.

An aft for the more speedy and effectual transportation of

offenders.

Preamble. TT7 H E R £ A S fevtral offenders, convicted of crimes for which V V they are by law excluded the benefit of clergy, are reprieved by the judge who tries them, and recommended by him to his Majesty9s mercy \ who generally, on such recommendation, is graciously pleased to '  extend  the  fame  to  them, on condition of transportation to some of his

Majefifs colonies and-plantations in America for life9 or for the term of fourteen years; and such intention of mercy is Signified by one of bis majejlfs principal secretaries of state to the judges at the next affixes after such conviction, who thereupon order such offenders to be transported accordingly: And whereas, by this method of ordering the iranjportation, such offenders lie several months in gaol after convic~ tion 5 whereby they are rendered less capable of being useful to the public in the parts of America to which they are fcnt: for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enaded, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by theau-Where his thority of the fame. That where any offender (hall hereafter be MlCfllibfCr’ conv^e^ °f any crimes for which he or (heis by law to be extended to any dudcd the benefit of clergy, and the judge, or justice of oyer offender, upon and terminer or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, condition of before whom any (ugh offender (hall bcconvided or condemn** trapfpomti*  ^  4  ,

1

1767.] Anrio octavo GfibftQh ill. Ci tgi .  "

ed, (hall grant a reprieve fpr the (laying of execution of such of- on, and the # fender, and recommend him dr her to his Majesty as a proper fignl* objeCt of his Majesty’s mercy: if his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- judge°by one ceflors, (hall be graciously plea fed to extend royal mercy to any of the princi-fuch offender upon condition of transportation to any part of A- pal fccretarief merita* and such intention of mercy (hall be signified by one of pt ftate, such his Majesty’s principal secretaries of ftgteto the judge fo recom-mending; it (hall and may be lawful for every such judge, or for theimme-juftice of oyer and terminer or gaol-delivery, to make an order diate tranfoor-for the immediate transportation of every such offender, in thet^10" fame manner as if such intention of mercy had been signified to 0 CIM,er 5 to him by one of his Majesty’s principal secretaries of ftate, during the continuance of the assizes at which such offender was condemned; and such order (hall be considered as an order made at such assizes or place, and (hall be as effectual, to every intent arid purpose,* and (hall Have all the fame consequences in every refpeft, as any order for the transportation of any offender made by any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for such county* city, or place; and such offender (hall be trarrf- who (hall ferred, conveyed, and made over, to any perfbn who will con- thereupon be trait for the performance of filch tranfportation, and to his and transferred their affigns, for the term of fourteen years* in cafe such con- to the con-VCf dition oftranfportation be general; or elfe for such other term tra&or, &c. or terms as (hall be made part of such condition, if any particular time be specified by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as aforesaid : and such person or persons fo contracting as afore- who (hall have faid, his or their affigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as a property in feforefatd, (hall have a property and interest in the service of the J.hc/er2fe .of said offender* for such terms as aforefaid; and such tranfporta- for the term tion (hall have the effect of a pardon under the great feal for for which he fuch-offender, as to the crime of which he or (he was fo con- or (he is to be viCted: hut if such offender, fo ordered for tranfportation, (hall tianfported. he afterwards at large within any part of this kingdom of Great OfFenderafter-Britain, without feme lawful caufe, before the expiration of the yards seen at term for which such offender (hall have been ordered to bcjSKin, with-tranfported; every such perfon, being thereof lawfully convict- out lawful cd, (hall suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of caufe, before clergy; and (hall be tried before such judges, and in such man- the expiration ner, and the fame evidence made use of tor his or her convic-tion, as are directed, by the laws now in being, for the trial of suffer death; other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to he transported : and whoever (hall difcover, apprehend, and prosecute and the person to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such of- apprehending fender fo found at large within this kingdom, (hall be intitled to the like reward of twenty pounds, and certificate, and in the f0„ t0 convic-fame manna*, as any person may he intitled to for difcovering, tion, is inti-apprehending, and prosecuting to conviction, any person order- tied to *ol. ed to be tranfported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which such person was or- a dcrcd to be tranfported.

Ca

CAP.

40  Anno  octavo  GeorgiiIII. c. i6, ty. [1767.

CAP. xyi.

An aft for making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market ltreet, in the city of Glafgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said city5 and for enlarging and compleating the church yard of the laid church $ and for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an a& passed in the thirty -fecond year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glafgow; and for building a bridge cross the faia river, from the said city to the village of GorbeUs.

CAP. XVII.

An act to amend an aft made in the seventh year of King George the Firfi* intituled* An aft for regulating the | journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of'mor- j tality.

Preamble, re- \\7 HERE AS by an aft made in the seventh year of the reign citing aSt  V V of his late majesty King George the Firfi* intituled* An a<St  |

7 Geo. 1.  for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of

mortality; power is given to the jvftices of the peace* at their gene~ ral quarter fcffions* within the limits in the said aft mentioned* from time to time* upon application being made to them for that purpose*  |

to take into consideration the plenty or scarcity of the times, and other circumfiancis* and thereupon to alter and regulate the wages and other allowances* directed by the said aft to be paid and made to* and the • hours for work of journeymen taylors andfervants retained or employed in the art or mystery of a taylor* within their respective jurifiiftions ; and also to punish all persons not complying with the terms of the said aft* of offuch rules and regulations* in manner in the said aft mentioned: And whereas* by virtue of the power aforefaid* the justices of the peace* at their general quarter fejfions* within the city of London and county of    Middlesexrefpeftivefy* have* from time to time* made orders* rules* and regulations* with respect to the hours of working, and the wages and allowances to be paid and made tojourneymen taylors, and others* as aforefaid\ but doubt sand difficulties having arifen* touching the prosecution of persons offending again ft the said aft* or against the said rules* orders* and regulations* and many fubtildevices having beenprac-tifedin order to evade the said rules* orders* and regulations* the due execution of the said aft hath been greatly objlrufted: And whereas it is necessary that the said aft Jbould in feme other respects be explained and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-Hours and fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and workinglimit- a^ter twenty fifth day of March* one thousand seven hun-ed within a dred and lixty eight, the hours of work in the day for servants certaindiftria. or journeymen, to be employed in the bufinefsof a taylor within the city of London* and five miles thereof, (hall be from fix of the clock in the morning until seven of the clock in the eve* ning, with an interval of one hour only for refrefhmeftt; and that there fiiall be paid to every such servant or journeymen to

be

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 17.

be employed as aforesaid for his work, during the hours afore-faid, the wages or allowances following; that is to fay, any sum not exceeding two (hillings and seven pence half-penny per diem, except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl marthal, in the London Gazette, and during that fpace, any sum not exceeding five (hillings and one penny halfpenny.

II. And it is hereby further enaded, That if any matter tay- Penalty on lor, or other person profeffing, ufing, or exercifing, the artor *(^otheabove myfteryof a tavlor, within the city of London, or within five miles thereof, (nail, after the said twenty fifth day of Manh% give, allow, or pay, or caufe, permit, or luffer to be given, allowed, or paid, directly or indiredly, in money, or otherwife, to any servant or journeyman in the business of a taylor, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances aforesaid, or such Qther wages and allowances as lhall hereafter from time to time be ordered and appointed by virtue and iri pursuance of this ad; or if any fervant, journeyman, or other perfon, using and following the said business of a taylor, within the limits aforesaid, that is to fay, within the city or London, or within five miles* thereof, (hall have, receive, accept of, or take, in any manner, directly or indiredly, by himfelf, or by any other person to his ufe, any more or greater wages or allowances than as aforesaid, in money or otherwise 5 every person fo offending, in any or either of the said cafes, and being thereof convicted before any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, borough, or franchife, therein the offence (hall have been committed, either by confefiion of the party, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oaths the said justices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) upon any information made, or prosecution commenced before any such two juftices. within their respective jurifdidions, at any time within three months after the committing of such offence,

(hall be committed to the house of corredion for the county or place where the offence (hall be committed, by warrant under the hands and seals of such juftices, there to be kept to hard la- . bour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than fourteen days, at the diicretion of the said juftices.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Jufticesim-That it (hall and may be lawful for any two justices of the peace powered to within the limits aforesaid, and they are hereby required, on *n-^f0rethem formation upon oath made before them, by any person or per- on fafpicion fons whatfoever, that there is reason to suspect that any person or that the above persons ufing, exercifing, or following, the business of a matter regulation taylor, or journeyman taylor, within the limits aforesaid, hath given, paid, allowed, or received, greater wages or allowancestnr 8 * than as aforesaid, at the request of such informant, to issue their summons in writing, signed by any such two juftices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice, fervant, or other person or per-, ions employed or retained by such person fo suspected to have Qffended, or any other person or persons whatfoever, whole at-

C 3  tendance

Anno oftayo GeqrqiiIII. c. 17/ tendance such informant (hall think neccflary, for the purpose of giving evidence in the premiflps to attend such juftices, or some other two justices ailing for such county or place, at a time, and place in such summons to be Specified, to tcflify con* cerning the premises; and if any .fuch person fo fumiponed, (hall not attend, and proof (hall be made of the feryice pf such , fummons, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the last or usual place of abode of luch perfon, it (hall be lawful for such two juftices, or any other two justices of the peace acting for such county pr place, and they are hereby required (unlefs a rea~ fpnable excuse be made for such non-attendance, to the fatif-faltion of such juftices) to issue their warrant under their hands and feals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or some other two or more justices of the peace ailing for such county or place, to be examined touching the premifies in the said information contained; and if any such person (b at-; tending, or being brought before such juftices, (hall refuse to be examined, or give their testimony touching the premisses in such information contained, such person (hall by the said justices be committed to the house of corredUon, there to remain until he qr (he (hall submit to be examined and to give testimony as a-forefaid.

IV.  And whereas, under the proviftons of the said at1 made in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Firji, it may happen that one and the fame rate ofwages and allowances to journeymen taylors, may not be appointed and eftabUJbed within the city ^London and Weft-minder, and weekly bills of mortality, which would be highly inconvenient and prejudicial to the public \ now to prevent such inconveni-ence, and to the end that one just and reasonable rate of such wages I and allowances may be established within the city ^London, andfive \ miles therefrom, in future /fubjefl nevertheless to such alterations as \ the exigencies of the times may require; be it enacted by the autho-onsT^ndon a^ore^> That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the to make rcgu- mayor> aldermen, and recorder of the city of London for the lations for the time being, at their general quarter fellions, or genera] feflSons future* of the peace aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpose, to alter, regulate, order, and appoint, the wages and allowances to be paid or made to journeymen taylors and servants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the art or mystery of a taylor, in the making up mens and womens work within the city of London, or within five miles thereof, and the hours of worK: and (hall and may, within the space of fourteen days next after the making every such order, cause the fame to be printed, publithed, and made known, in such manner as to them (hall seem meet, at the rea-r ' fpnable expence of the person or persons applying for the finne * and from and after publication thereof, all taylors, and their journeymen and fervants, within the limits aforesaid, are here? by ftrilUy required to observe the fame, the provisions of the said alt of the seventh of King George the First to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1767J Anno octavo GegrGii III. ct 17.

V,  Provided always. That advertising filch orders of fefiions Sufficient no-three times in any two daily news papers published in London ortlce* JVeftminfttr^ (hall for the purposes of this act be deemed and allowed to be fuffleient notice and publication thereof*

VI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authori- Provisions of

ty aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained (hall extend,  ^

or be construed to extend, to' fix, controul, or regulate, the Taylors fore-wages or allowances or hours of work, of servants in the said 'men, or work-bufinefs of a taylor, bona fidej retained and employed as foremen; ing over

or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other wages or hour## allowances (not exceeding fix pence by the hour in times of general mourning, and three pence by the hour at any other time or times) whicn (hall be agreed upon for wbrkiqg before or after the hours of work limited or appointed, or to be limited or appointed as aforesaid, fo as such over-work be not at any one time less than one hour, and be actually and bona fide done and performed by such journeyman or fervant; and fo as such retainer or. employments and such agreement or payment, be not made in fraud of, or to elude, the regulations hereinbefore provided with>refpe& to wages, allowances, and hours of working, fettled and afeertained, or to be fettled and afeertained as aforesaid,

. VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That front and after the said twenty fifth day of Marcb% one em~ tbouiand seven hundred and sixty eight, if any matter taylor,outof'then? or other person profefiing, ufing, or exercifing, the art or my- mits, to evaxfe fiery of a taylor, residing or inhabiting within the limits afore* the aft. faid, (hall direCtly or indirectly in any manner whatsoever retain or employ any fervant, journeyman, or other perfon, using or following (he business of a taylor, in or about the making up mens or womens work out of, or beyond, the limits aforesaid, with intent or design to elude or evade this aCt, and (hall give, allow, or pay, or cause to be given, allowed, or paid, direCtly or indirectly, to such servant or journeyman, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances fettled and afeertained, or to be fettled and afeertained as aforesaid $ every such person (hall, for every fych offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be sued for by aCtion of debt, to be brought in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter$ wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed5 and wherein the ordinary costs of the fuit (hall be paid; one moiety of which said for-< feiture, when recovered, (hall belong and be paid to the King’s majefty, and his fucceffors, and the other moiet^ to the person who (hall sue for the fame,

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Peribns ag-thority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any per- grieved may fon convicted before any two juttices of the peace as before appeal to the mentioned, to appeal to the juttices of the peace assembled at the 2^cr next general quarter feflions, or general feffions, to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein such conviction (hall be made, .giving1 immediate notice of such appeal, and finding

C 4  fufficieut

24  Anno  octavo  Georgii  III.  c.  iff:  [1767;

fafficient security to the fatisfodion of such juftkes for being personally prefeat at such general quarter feifiotts, or general: feffions, and for profeculting the said appeal with effed, and. abiding the judgment of the court; and such iqftices in fuch: general quarter feffions, or general feffions, (hall finally hear and determine the matter, and (ball have power to award rea-fonable costs to either party,, as to. them (hall feera juft; and if such conviction (hall be affirmed at such general quarter feflions, or general feffions, such appellant (hall be committed to prison for the time specified in the said conyidion, and until^payment of the’ cods fo to be awarded.

Ration of ix. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the author . a ons. rity aforefaid. That no action (hall be brought against any ju-ftice of the peace, conftable, headborough, or other officer, or against any other person or persons whomfoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under, by. virtue, or in the execution of this ad, unless such action (hall be brought within fix calendar months next aftee the doing or com-mitting of such matter or thing.

General iffue. x. Provided also, That if any action or fuit (hall hereaifter be cQtnmenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for. any thine done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this ad, such perjon or persons may plead the general ifiue, and give this' ad, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or suffer difcontinuance, or forbear further profecution, or if judgment (hall be given for the defen-Full costs dant or defendants, such defendant or defendants (hall recover u s* his, her, pr their full cofts, for which he, (he, or they, (hall have like remedy as in cafes where costs by law are given to defendants.

Publick ad. XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, v That this ad (hall be taken and allowed to be a public ad in all courts within this kingdom of Great Britain, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft far raijing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand /even hundred and Jixty eight.

Preamble

Moft gracious Sovereign.

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful' and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, to-? wards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully

!granted to your Majesty, in this session of parliament, have re-olved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after-mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Ma-. jefty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the |prds Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent, ■ *  parliament

1767*] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.18.  25

parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the lame. That Treafury im-it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his P°*e^ Majesty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or not'exceeding more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any ,,*0o,oool. time or times before the fifth day of January, one thousand by loans or seven hundred and sixty nine, to cause or direct any loans to be^<^f4acc taken or received at his Majesty’s exchequer, from any person b J or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of mciney, not exceeding in loans and ex-.

chequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million *".„**'"*.„

.  -  ...  manner as of

eight hundred thousand pounds; in the fame or like manner, the malt aft form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and di- of this session redions, as in and by an ad of this present session of parliament, is prcfcnbed* intituled. An for continuing and granting to bis Majefly certain i^n/or^x-duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year chequer bills one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight) are enacted and pre- thereby au-fcribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or too™**110]* made in pursuance of the said ad,  taken or made,

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That The clauses all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advan-in.th.efeid tages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the said w laft-mentioned ad, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame ad (except such clauses as do

charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame ad, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said ad, and alio except as is herein after mentioned) (hall be applied and extend- extended to ed to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of ***• this ad, as fully and efffedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned ad, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer rity aforefaid. That no exchequer bill dr bills to bo made out by bll!8/°b^f?f virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been issued Reived again at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth in payment of day of Aprils one thouland seven hundred and sixty nine, re- any taxes, ceived or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or col-

ledor in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue,

fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majesty,

his heirs, of fuccefibrs, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from

any fqch receiver or colledor, or from any other person or perr

fons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other

account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in

cafe the fame ihall be in due course or order of payment, before

the said sixth day of April; nor ihall any such receiver or col- nor exchange

ledor exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April) before 6

for any money, of such revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, ;n 17

)u$ bands, any exchequer bill or bills winch ihall have been

*6

A&ion not to lie for such eefufal.

The money So raiftd, to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aids; if none be granted before 5 July, 1769, then to be charged on the unking tod.

and paid thereout.

Monies Co if-fued, to be replaced out of the first fupplies.

Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this a£fc ;

notwithftand lng ad 5 &

Anno octavo Georgii III. C• 18;  [1767*

iffoed as aforesaid by virtue of this aft; nor (hall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of Aprils any thing in the said aft made in this preScnt session of parliament, intituled. An a8 for continuing and granting to bis Mqcfly certain duties upon mak9 nmm9 cyder ^ end perry, for the fervko of the year one thousand /even hundred and sixty eighty or this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the feme, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, 1 and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or fup- , plies which (ball be granted in the next session of parliament; and in cafe sufficient aids or fupplies, for that purpose, (hall not be granted before the fifth day of Julyy one thousand feveti hundred and sixty nine, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the Said fifth day of Jufy9 (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, or the furplufles, exceSTcs, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the Said sinking fund as are- appropriated to any particular use or uses by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of die laid sinking fund (hall and maybe ifliied and applied, as (bon as the feme can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards .paying off, cancelling, and discharging, fucb loans or exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off1, cancelled, and difeharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

faid, That whatever monies (hall be fo issued out of the said furplufles, exccflbs, overplus monies, or other revenues, composing the sinking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by ami out of the full supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein, contained to the contrary notwith* (landing.  |

VI.  And be it declared and further enacted by the authority | aforefaid. That it Shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majcfty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this, aft, any (iim or sums of I money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million | eight hundred, thousand pounds ; any thing in an aft made in the fifth and Sixth years of. the reign of King William and Queen Aiaryy intituled. An a& for granting to their Majeflm \

feveral

1767.} Anno octavo Georgii III. <?, jg, 20.

Jeytral rates and duties upon tonnage of flips and ve£elsy and upon beery ale9 and other liquors, for feeurtng certain recompenses and ad* vantages in the find aft mentioned^ to fuel; persons as flail voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war againff France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftauding.

CAP. 3PX.

An aB for further continuing an alt of the fixtb year of his present Majefy's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more efieftual, in his Majesty’s dominions in America^ an aft patted in this present session of parliament, intituled. An aB for punijbing mutiny and de~ fertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS an aB pajfed in the sixth year of bis present Preamble.

Majefiy's reign9 intituled, An act to amend and render Aft 6 Geo. j. more effeftual, in his Majesty’s dominions in Americay an aft c. S. passed in this present session of parliament, intituled. An aB for punijbing mutiny and defertion9 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which aB was to continue and be in force, in all his Majefiy's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty fix9 until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and which aB was further continued by an aB pajfed in the lafi session of parliament, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and Jixty nine s and whereas it has been found necejfary that the said aB Jbould be continued for a further term, may it therefore please your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, ana by the authority of the continued to fame. That the said aft (hall be, and the fame is hereby fur- *77^arch* ther continued until the twenty fourth day of Marchy one thou- 77 *

(and seven hundred and feventy.

CAP. XX.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March,, one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight, preamble. Where the militia is or (hall be raifed, the receiver general of the county is to issue 4 months pay in advance, according to the eftabli foment of pay here fet down; with hair a year's salary to the regimental and battalion clerks ;,and the allowances to the clerks of the general and subdivision meetings ; and pay for cloathing of the militia. The above Turns are not to be paid, if pay has not before been ifiued, till the Id. lieut, or deputies foall have certified tothetreafuryand receivers general tbeinrolment of three fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the' regiment or battalion (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment | and for independant companies, to the respective captains, or to their order 3 according to the. eftablifoment laid down in the militia aft of a Geo. 1* Atfoond payment i* *llb to be made within throe month*

after

after the first j and a third within three months after the fecond. Receipts of the persons to whom the money (hall be fo paid, discharge the receivers general. The regimentalsand battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the'adjutant ; and % months pay to each captain, for the ferjeants, drummers, and contingent expences of the said company; captain to pay for each man id. per month out of the contingent money, towards charges of the hofpitai 5 and for the ferjeant-major and drum-major; to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong s captains to distribute the pay accordingly 5 ana account for the fame yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant company, according to the following form; and pay back the i surplus monies in his hands, except the contingent expences, which is to be accounted for, and applied to the general use of the regiment, &c. Captains of independant companies to distribute the pay to their men, ana apply the money allowed for contingent expences. Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own falary. When the Id. lieuts. or deputies shall have fixed the days of exercife, they are to certify the fame to the receiver general, fpecifyiug the number of men, and days they (hall be absent from home. Receiver general to ifliie thereupon pay tor officers *  and  men  to the regimental clerk, &c. Where there mail be independant

companies only, the receiver general is to issue pay to the captains, according to the rate here fet down. Clerk to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their Account according to the i following form; to be (igned by them, and countersigned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balance, to the clerk, or receiver general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual (ervice, ana receive pay as * the King's other forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general is to ceafe. Receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks, of the subdivision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants. Orders to dif-charge receivers general. Regimental and battalion clerks to give security i for paying and accounting for the monies received by them$ the bonds ■ to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in fuit by them on non- | •  performance  of  the  condition  $  and  they are intitled thereupon to full

cods and charges, and 5!. per cent, of the money recovered; the residue to be accounted for to the auditor. The regimental and battalion clerks, ! and captains of independant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and difburiements, and pay over the balance to' the receivers general s who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office. Recovery of penalties, &c. No fee payable for any warrant or sum of money '  .  iffiied  in purfoance of this aft Officers on half-pay serving in the militia,

may receive the fubfiftence-money payable to lieutenants or enfigns^ they taking the following oath before a juitice. The oath. Receiver general upon receiving a warrant from the commanding officer, certifying,the receipt of the cloathing, and an order for payment, is to pay the fame accordingly. If any regiment, &c. (hall ceafe, 3 s. per diem is to be paid to the adjutant from fucn time to *5 March, 1769.

Recites aft 6 Geo* $.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for the better pavings cleanfing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof., and for preventing obftruSlions and annoyances within the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an a£i made in the Jixtb' year of bis prefent. Majejlfs reign for tbofe purposes.

WHEREAS by an a£t pajfei in the ftxth year of his present Majejlfs reign, certain commijfmers are appointed for the better paving, tkanfsng, and enlightemng, the (ity of London, mi

3  tbt

I

1

*9

1767.I Anno o&avd Georgii III. C. 21;

the liberties thereof \ and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the fatney and for other purposes therein mentioned j and certain powers are thereby granted to the said commissioners to enablb them to carry the said aft into execution: and whereas the said aft hath been found to be defective in many refpefts, and further powers have been found wanting, without which the good purposes aforesaid cannot be effeftuated: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enadted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and P<>r vsfthig after the palling of this adt, the foie power and authority of pitching, paving, cleanfing, and enlightening, the ftreets, lanes, nayer, com* fquares,\ yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, within the monalty, and said city of London, and liberties thereof, ihall be and the lame citizens, of is hereby veiled in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, *-ondoiu « of the said city, to be executed by such persons as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council afiembled (by virtue and in purfaance of an adt of parliament made in the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the better paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the city of London) now are, or hereafter from time to time (hall be, authorized and appointed by them, to be commissioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties, or by any seven or more of them ; which said perfons, fo from time to time authorized and appointed to be commissioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties, (hall be, and theyare hereby constituted commissioners for carrying this adt into execution.

II.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, That Provifc the authority of the said commissioners for the time being lhall

in no wife be suspended or taken away, save by the appointment from time to time of new commissioners of the sewers for the said city and liberties.  v a a

III.  Provided also, That the recorder and common feijeant

of the said city of London, for the time being, (hall be, and they jeant 0f Lon-are hereby constituted and appointed two of the commissioners don, lhall be for carrying this a& into execution.  commiffion-

IV.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby farther enacted and de-dared. That all the powers and authorities by this adt granted

to, or veiled in, the said commissioners hereby constituted as by the aforesaid, lhall and may, from time to time, be exercised by major part of the major part of fach of them as lhall attend at any publick^he«>miniJr meeting of the said commiffioners,* to be holden as herein after a^a^pubhdt mentioned, the number of the said commiffioners. present at meeting, such publick meeting, not being less that! seven (except for the purpose of adjourning); and all adls, orders, and proceedings, of the major part of the said commissioners present at such pub-lick meeting, lhall have the fame force and effect as if done or made by all the commissioners constituted by this adt.

V.  And

£9  Anne  octavo Georgii III. c* at. [17671

Firftpablkk Y« And it is hereby further declared and en&Aed, That the meeting. first publick meeting of the said commifiioners, to be had by virtue of aod under this aA, (hall be at such time and place at the mayor of the said city (hall think proper to order and ap* point: and the said mayor is hereby directed to order and apn point such first publick meeting to be held on or before the first day of /tpril next, and to cause the said comtniflhxiers to bi summoned to attend the fame.

Power to ad- Vi. And it is hereby further enaAed and declared. That it !****• (hall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the said commifiioners present at Rich first publick meeting, or at any subsequent publick meeting of the said commifiioners (the number fo attending not being less than three) to adjourn such publick meeting to any future day and time, and to any place Within the said city and liberties.

Provift.  VII.  Provided  always.  That every commissioner (hall have

notice to attend at such adjourned publick. meeting, by the usual summons from the clerk to the laid commifiioners.

Mayor to ap- VIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaAed and

ent a pub-" declared. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor 1 meeting, of the said city for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a publick meeting of the said commifiioners, at any time and place he (hall judge proper for the execution of this aA. notwithstanding any adjournment or non-adjournment of the laid commifiioners, and (hall cause the said commifiioners to be summoned to.attend the fame. '

Commiffion- IX* And it is hereby further enaAed, That the said com-, ers to appoint miffioners (hall and may, from time to time, at any of their dcrks. said publick meetings, eleA and appoint one or more clerk or clerks, and one or more surveyor or furveyors, and also such and fo many other officers as they (hall find necessary for the due execution of this aA (fourteen days notice of their intention to proceed to sucheleAion or appointment having been first printed and published in two or more of the daily news papers, and notice thereof being also expfefled in the summons for such publick meeting) and the said commissioners (hall take Iuch security as they (hall think proper for the due execution of such refpeAive offices; and (hall and may, from time to time, remove any of the said officers at their will and pleafure, and appoint others in the room of such as (hall die, or be removed as afofefaid: and the said commifiioners (hall and may, out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this aA, appoint and pay such falaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they (hall judge reafonable, to such officers, and to aH fuch. other perfons, as shall have been, or (hall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the execution of this a A.

X.  And it is hereby further enaAed, That if any clerk, fur-veyor* or other officer or fervant, who (hall be employed by the said com miffioners in the execution of this a A, or any part thereof, (hall exaA, demand, take, or accept, any fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever (other than such falaries, allowances, and

rewards,

To prevent clerks, &c. taking any fees.

1767 ] Anno o£fam> Georgii III. c. 2 1.  j*

reward*, as (hall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the laud commiffioners) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this ad; or for forbearing to do any thing hereby, or by the laid commiffioners, directed to be done, or on any account whatfoever, relative to the execution or ncri-execution of this ad; or (hall any way be concerned in interest in any bareain made, or to be made, by the said commiffioners, for any of the purposes intended by this ad; every person fo offending, (hall, from thenceforth, for ever be incapable of being employed under this ad, and (hall, over and above, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who (hall sue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Ma-jetty’s courts of record at Wefimitifter, or within the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed ; in which action or fuit no protedion, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XI.  And it is hereby further enaded. That all the ads, or- For entering ders, and proceedings, of the said commiffioners, at their said proceedings, publick meetings, from time to time, (hall be entered in a book

or books to be kept for that purpose by the said commiffioners, and (hall be signed by their clerk for the time being, and such entries (hall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said commissioners ; and such book or books (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatfoever.

XII.  And it is hereby further enaded. That the said com- Allowing per-

miffioners may, and they are hereby authorized add impowered^ r°ns not. free from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or per-  the ?ty

fons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about the pav-  cmp oyc  *

ing, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleanfing, all or any of

the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, passages and places, within the said city and liberties, and in and about the enlightening of the fame, and in and about the several work& hereby directed to be performed; and to contract for the performance of the (aid works* or any of them, with any per-fon or persons whatfoever, in such manner as the (aid com-miffioners (hall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be fo employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be fet to work by or under them, or any of them,

(hall, for any ad done or to be done in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any adion, indidment, or information, upon the statute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft containing divers orders for artificers, labourers*, servants of husbandry, and apprentices; or be liable to be filed for any breach of the custom of London, or for any penalties inffided by any by-law of the said city.,

XIII.  Provided always. That previous to the making of For giving any such contrad, notice (hall be given in some of the daily notice of news papers, that the said commissioners do intend to make contra<ag* such contrad, and that all persons willing to engage therein

may

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.  [1767*

may make proposals to the said commissioners at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified j and all contracts made, or to be made, in/ consequence of such notice, (hall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof; and the fame (hall be (igned by the clerk for the time being of the said commifiioners, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works refpedtively, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said com-mifii'oners.

No member of XIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted. That the common no perfon, being a member of the court of common council of c0000*! to be the said city, (nail be diredUy or indirectly interested or con-anyCcontrat cernec* *n anY contract which (hall be made or entered into by y  *  or on behalf of the said commifiioners, for or concerning any

of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this a<t, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract (hall be null and void; and that the person who, being ,a member of the said court, and (hall be fo interested or concerned therein, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who (hall sue for the fame ; to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or fuit refpectively, no prote&ion,

N efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and every person against whom the said penalty (hall be recovered, (hall, for ever thereafter, be difahled from being elected a member of the said court of common council.

For paving XV. And it is hereby further enacted. That, the said com-ftreets.  miffi oners may cause all or any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares,

yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, to be new paved or repaired, when and as often, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said commifiioners (hall think fit$ and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into,'the fame, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they (nail judge necessary ; and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels running in or through the fame to be turned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter (hall be laid, underground, to be taken up and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said commifiioners (hall judge beft; and may cause such posts as they (hall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise all fteps, bulks, (hew-glafles, and (hew-boards, encroaching upon the foot-ways, as also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways '  into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XVI. And

tySy^] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2u  33

XVI.  And it is hereby further enabled, Th*t the /aid com- For taking tniflioners ihail and may cause ail figns, or other emblems, *wjg uied to den6te the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person *° *' or perfons, fign-pofts, figri-irons, pent-houfes, /hew-boards, fpouts, and gutters, projecting into any the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatfoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed ; and lhall cause all figns, or other emblems, as aforesaid, /hew-boards, and gutters, or such parts thereof as they (hall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houfes, ihops, ware* houfes, dr buildings, whereunto they refpeCtively belong, or were befordaffixed, and not otherwife; and /hall return.or cause to be returned, to the refpeltive owners, fo much of such figns, or other emblems, fign* polls, or other pods, fign-irons, /hew-boards, fpouts, and gutters, as (hall not be affixed or put Up, or otherwise made, use of, in the alterations directed by this ad; and that, for the future, all figns, fign-boards, and gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, to which, they refpeCtivelv belong, and not otherwise : and if any person or persons /hall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCt, or build, any fign, fign-poit, or other poft, fign-iron, pent-houfe, fhew-board, /pout, gutter, or other projection, obftruCtion, or annoyance, or cause the fame to be done, contrary to the direction aforefaid; every per-fpn fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 'die sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty /hillings for every day such offence /hall continue.

XVII.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, Directing that

That it (hall and may be lawful to. and for any person or per- j*a“es fliar,r fons to keep any crane or cranes already fixed up against any ^ thc^waUa warehouse or warehoufes, within the said city and liberties 0f  *

thereof, or to affix any crane or. cranes to such warehouse or houfes. warehoufes, and to make use of such crane or cranes, fo as fuch

crape or cranes he turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses when not in aCtual ufe; any thing ih this aCt, or any former law, ciiffom, or ftatute, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nufances and Directing that objiruflions in the said city and liberties, it is hereby further enaCl-

ed. That if, after the twenty fifth day of March next, any com- th* m . mon stage waggon or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other above one carriage, (hall, for the purpose of loading or unloading the hour, fame* or any part thereof, be suffered to (land or continue in any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paf-fages, or places, above the space of one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, /hall be placed and suffered to stand athwart or across any such ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paffage, or place, tor the loading or unloading thereof,, or for any other purpose whatfoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or.other carriage, (hall be suffered to (land Vot.XJCVIIL  D  or

Ahfio octavo GEoRGii III. C. ti.

hi*?*

or continue in any pert of such ftreets, lasses, fqumts, yards, courts, alleys, paffagcs, or places, longer than is nece0ary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any goods, materials, or things whatfoever, (hall be laid or placed, and. left in any fuck ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paffrge, or place, fo as to obstruct the free palfags thereof; then, and in. every such. v  cafe,  any  one of the said commi(Tinners, or any aim.of their of-

ficers to be by tFfen* appointed to remove aufances, (hall and may feize, or cause to be feized,- the ft age waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other Carriage, fo placed, or fuaered ta ftahd or Continue, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, together with the horse or horses thereunto belonging, or the goods, am* terials, or things, fo laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the fame,, or cause the fame-to be.removed* to the common pound of the said city, commonly called The Green Yard, there to Be kept and detained until the owner, or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or fevvants, shall and do claim the feme, and pay to the person or periods in whose cuf-tody the fame (hall then be, the sum of twenty (hillings, together jvith the charges of removing and keeping the fame; and in cafe the fame (hall not be claimed, and the (aid film, of twenty (hillings and charges paid, within the (pace of three days next after such feizure, it (hall and* may be lawful to aod for the said commissioners to cause the feme to be apparaifed and fold, and the monies arising therefrom (hall be applied to the purposes of thjs aft.

For prevent- XIX. And it is hereby further eiiaftdd, That if any person or ing buildings persons whatsoever (hall ereft’ or build, or cause to be erected Si the^ftrsets or any polls, bars, rails, boards, or other things, by way * of enclofure, for the purpose of making mortar, or depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, for building on repairing any houfes, buildings, or other works* within the feid city or libera-ties, in any other manner, or (halt suffer the fame, to remain for any longer time, than (hall be necefiary for such building or repairs; or (hall lay any rubbilh within such enclofure, or on the outside thereof. Or near thereto; and complaint thereof shall be made to the said commissioners by any two hou (holders of the (aid city or liberties, and the feid commissioners (hall, upon view, or other due proof of rhe matter of the said com->  plaint,  find  the  feme  fo  be true; then, and in .every such cafe,

the person or persons erefttog and building, such enclosure, and suffering the fame to remain longer than (hall be neeeflary as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings; and moreover, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to cause such enclosure ocereftfon to be pulled down and removed* and the materials thereof, as aWb all bricks, mortar, lime, or other valuable things contained within the fanje, or thereto belonging, to be depofired ia the Green Yard aforesaid there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or fervanis, shall and do pay, to the person or persons in whose custody the feme

.  •  fhall

t?6y.] Anno odavo Georgii HL c. a*.'  ^5

fhall be* the charges of pulling down and removing the fame ; and in cafe the fame (hall not be claimed* and the mid charges . paid* within the space of eight days next after such seizure thereof* it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commif-iioners to order the fame to be appraised and fold* and the money arising therefrom (hall be applied to the purposes of this adt: and the said commissioners are further authorized to remove such rubbi(h to such place as they (hall think convenient; and every person laying such rubbi(h, or causing or procuring the fame to be laid* within or on the outfide, or near to such en-clofure* (halt forfeit a sum not exceeding treble the value of the cods of removing the fame.

XX.  And it is hereby further enaded* That no person or No lime (ball • persons whatsoever (hall flake lime in the foot-way or carriage- be flaked in

way of any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares* yards* courts, al- Je ftrcets» lies, paflages* or places* or in any house or houses within the * ' fame; upon pain that every person fo offending (hall, for every foch offence* forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

XXI.  Provided always* That nothing herein contained (hall But not to re-be confftrued to restrain any bricklayer or plaiflerer from flaking tftrain brick-lime within the yards or cellars of houses which (hall be ncw terersto^ake building or repairing* or within the yards or cellars belonging ;n the cellars to the dwellihg-hQufeofany such bricklayer or plaifterer, fo that of houses new the fleam of such lime be conveyed into and through the chim- building or Hey of such house refpe&ivcly; and that no lime be flacked in repaying, any cellar or yard* after the hour of (even of the clock in the morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the hour of

eight or the clock in the morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day 5 and if any lime (hall be flaked contrary to the directions of this aCt, every person fo offending (hall* for each offence* forfeit the sum of forty (hillings.

XXII.  And be it further enafted, That if any person or per- For preventions (ball for the future carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be ing damage carried* run, driven* or drawn, on any of the foot-payments the^oo^avt^ within the said city or liberties* any bier, or any wheel or wheels, mcnt™ fledge, wheel-barrow* orother carriage whatfoever; or (hall wilfully ride, lead, or drive* any horfe* aft, mule, or other cattle^

coach or other carriage whatfoever, upon any part of the said foot-pavements ; then* and in any of the said cafes, and fo often as they or any of them (hall happen* it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatfoever, who (hall fee.any such offence committed* to feize, and also for any othdr person or persons to assist in feizing, such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this adt* and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her* or them, into the custody of a peace officer* in order to be secured and conveyed,, before Tome justice of the peace of the said city; and the party or parties accused being brought before him, such justice (nail proceed to examine* upon oath* any witness or witnesses who (hall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which the said justice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter*)

Da  and

For fixing up the name of the ftreet, &c.

' For preventing alterations in ti)e form the ftreets.

. Commiflion-ers to fix the places where hackney coaches are to Hand or ply.

Anno o£tavo Georgii III. c« 2i.  [1767,

and if the party lor parties accused (hall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confeffion, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, fo convicted, (hall forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings for the first time of offending 5 the sum of twenty (hillings for the second time of offending; and the sum of forty (hillings for the third and every other time of offending.

XXIII.  And it is hereby futher enabled. That the said com-miffioners (hall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or de-r fcribed, in done, or other wife, and to be affixed in a confpicu-ous part of one or more house or houfes, building or buildings, at or near each end. Corner, or entrance, of each of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, the name, by which each respective ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paffage, or place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, in each of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, .and places, to be marked or numbered in such manner as they (hall judge most proper fpr distinguishing the fame; and if any person or persons (hall wilfully or maliciously de-ftroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any such names, def-criptions, marks, or numbers, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every person fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit .and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

. XXIV. And it is hereby further enadted, That no person or persons (hall, without authority from the said commiffioners, alter or cause to be altered, the form of the pavement of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares,. yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, which (hall be new paved or repaired by the (aid com-miflioners, or in any way incroach thereupon,,upon pain that every person fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds over and above the expence of relaying and reinstating the fame according to the directions of the said commiflipners ; the said forfeitures and expence$ to be .recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the com-million of such offence; in which adiion or fuit, no protection, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXV.  And whereas many hackney coaches have fixed their Jlands, and do-ply at improper places, within the said city , and liberties therer of, whereby great obfiruftions and annoyances are occafioned, and merer over, persons wanting to hire such coaches, are jrequentiy obliged to fetch the fame frotjt inconvenient difiances: And whereas it would be of great benefit to the said city, as well as of convenience to persons having occahon to hire such coaches; if the said commissioners were veiled with the power of fixing the Jlands thereof at more proper places, be it therefore enadted. That, from and after the palling of this adt it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commif-

fioners.

1767*1 Anno d&avo GeoRGII HI. c. *t.  57

(toners, from time to time, bv writing under their hands and feals, or the hands and seals of three or more of them, to be publickly affixed in Tome conspicuous part of the Guildhall of i the said city, to direct and order at what place or places refpec-tively, within the said city, and the liberties thereof, any hackney coach or coaches (hall stand and be plied, and how many coaches (hall be plied at each ftand; and if the driver of any such 1 coach or coaches (hall suffer the fame to ftand, and (hall ply at any other place or places than according to the order and directions of the said commiffioners, to be notified as aforefaid; or if any driver (hall suffer any such coach or coaches to. be and continue at or upon any (lands, after the number allowed by the said commissioners to stand and be plied at the fame (lands respectively (hall be complete; then the owner or driver of every such coach or coaches (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings.

XXVI.  And it is hereby further ena&ed. That after the ex- For repairing piration of twelve calendar months next after the patting of this bad pavc-aCl, if any two housekeepers within the said city and liberties

(hall make complaint in writing, under their hands, to the said commiffioners, of any defedl, or want of repair,, in any of the pavements of any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, either before or after the fame (hall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this all $ then, and in every such cafe, the said commissioners (hall forthwith cause the pavement fo complained of to be infpeCted by their furveyor; and if the fame (hall by him be found defe&iye, and fo reported to be to the said commiffioners, uniefs such defeCt (hall appear to arise from a defedi in the water-pipes lying un-  t

der such pavement, they the said commissioners (hall forthwith give orders to their contradlo^ or contra&ors, pavior or paviors, to repair the fame: and if the contractor or pavior of the said commiffioners, to whom such order (hall be given, (hall not, within four days next after the receipt thereof, repair the said defedlive pavement; then, and in every such cafe, the said contractor or pavior (hall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings for everyday that the said defective pavements (hall remain un* repaired after the expiration of the said four days.

XXVII.  And it is hereby further enacted. That when and fo  up

often as any pipe or pipes, belonging to any of the water com- ^VrTthe wa-panies who furnith any part of the said city and liberties with ter pipes are water, and. which now lie, or (hall hereafter be laid, under broken.

S'round, in any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, al-eys, paflages, or places, (hall happen to break, burft, or decay,* fo as to require reparation; the surveyor of the said commissioners for the time being, or such other person or persons as the said commissioners (hall appoint for that purpose, (hall forth-, with give, or cause to be given; notice thereof in writing, to thd pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends the said pipe or pipes to belong; who is hereby required to take up the (aid pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where

D 3  such

Atarfb octavo GKORGii ni. C.2K {1767*;

Fuch reparation (hall appear to be wanting: and if the said pa— vror (hall, upon taking up such pavement, and bpening such. ground, discover that the pipe or pipes fo broken, burft, or decayed, does not, or do not, belong to the said water company whose pavior he is; then and in every such cafe, he (hall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior of the company to xwho'm the said pipe or.pipes (hall appear to belong; in which cafe such lad-mentioned pavior is hereby required, upon demand, to make satisfaction for the taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, to the pavior giving notice as aforefaid; and the pavior of such water company, to whom the (aid pipe or pipes (hall belong, is Hereby required to cause or procure the said pipe or pipes to be repair* ed, and afterwards to fill up the said ground, and ram down tire fame, within two days next after such notice to him given; ami as soon as such pipe (hall have been fo repaired, and the ground fo filled up and rammed down, he (hall give, or Caufe tb be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior or ceritra&or for the time being of the said commiffioners: and if the pavior of any of the said water companies, to or for whom fudh notice shall be given, or left at his place of abode, (hall, by the ipace of two days next after the giving or leaving fuch'notice as afore* feid, refuse or neglect to take up such pavement, and open such ground; or if upon discovering that the pipe or pipes fo broken, burft, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the company whose pavior he is, he (hall refuse or neglect to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the pavior of the company to whom she said pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the .pavior of the water company, to whom such pipe or pipes (hall belong, (hall, by the space of two days next after such notice given to him, or left at his last place of abode, refuse or neglect to cause or pro* cure such pipe Or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground fo taken up, or to give focb immediate notice of his having fo done, to the pavior or contractor of the said commissioners for the time being; then, and in every such cafe, the person or persons fo respectively refuting or ne* gle&ing (hall, for every such offence, severally forfeit and payUte (urn of five pounds: and if any pipe or pipes not belonging to any of the water companies, (hall happen to break, burft, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places; then, and in every such cafe, the respective bwner or owners thereof (hall forthwith cause the ground over the fame to be qpened, and such pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in Writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said commiffioners, or in cafe of refusal or negleA fo to do, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fom of five pounds: and if any pavement (hall be broken or taken up for the purpose of mxking,rep&iring, or altering any vault or drain, or for any other purpose whatfoever; then, and in every such cafe, the person or persons fo breaking or WkirJg up the fmdipavtmcnt, oroairftogthe feme to be fabrokeq

qr

39

i7$7*]  A*1*50 *>®3to Gboxgh III. c. ti?

or taken up, (ball as soon as the nature of the work will permit, cause the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said commif-(loners; or, in cafe of refusal or negleS fo to do, /hall, for every fuck offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings; and the laid clerk of the /aid coouniflioners; (hall forthwith, upon every such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his lad place of abode,

Sranfou*inch notice, or cause the lame to betranfmittecL, tothe pavior or oemradtor of the said commissioners for the time being; and if the/aid clerk (hallrefuie or negledt, by the space of two days next after any such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at bis la# place of abode, to transmit such notice, or cause such tfo-rice to be traofiaakted, fo the said pavior or contra&or for the time .being of the (aid commtffioners; or if such pavior or contractor, So whom any such notice as aforesaid (hall be fo tranf-jxMtted, (hall,, by the space of two days next after the tranfmit-ting of such notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or negleCl to relay and repair the pavement fo broken up; then, and in every foph cafe, the person fo refusing or negledmg (hall forfeit and pay the fern of twenty (hillings for every day such pavement (hsdl continue unrelayed or unrepaired after the expiration of the said two days*

XXVIIiL Provided always, That if it (hall happen that at where there any time there (hall be no regular or fixed appointment of a pa- is no fixed vior of any of the water companies, in that cafe such notice as pavior, notice aforesaid (hall be delivered to, or left at, the office of the clerk or  at

fecretery of such company respectively, who (hall, in evefy such ny's office/ cafe, be fuhftituted in the room of such pavior, to all the intents and purposes aforefaid.

XXIX And it is hereby further enacted. That the several Directing the and respective paviors now employed,- or hereafter to be em- ^e^com1 ployed, by the said water companies respectively, within the feid nies^og^no-city or liberties thereof, (hall, within the (pace of thirty days tice of their next after the patting of this a&, or within three days next after names, &c. they (hall be refpe&jvely appointed paviors to such company or companies, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the said ^oronuffioners, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the name of the respective company whose paviors they are, and of the respective district to which • they arc appointed; and in like manner the clerk for the tkne being of the feid .commiffioners (hall, within the respective times aforesaid, give notice to the refpe&iye paviors of the said several water companies of the names ana plaoes of abode of the pavior or paviors, contractor or contractors, for th e time being, of the said commiffioner?; and if any of the said paviors, or the dork of the (aid commissioners for the time befog, (hall neglect to give such notice within the refpc&iye times aforesaid, each of them (hall* for overy fcch offence, severally forfeit and pay the sum of. twenty (hillings.

XXX.' Provided always, and k is hereby further enacted and

p4  declared.

40  Anno  octavo Georgii III. c. 21.  [1767.

Water com * declared. That the charges and expences of relaying the pave-paniest0 P8? ment which (hall be broken, or taken up for the purposes of re-of jiewP!ayfng Pairing or amending any such pipe or pipes, lhall be reimbursed pavement, * and paid to the (aid commiffioners, or to such person as they when the  (hall appoint to receive the fame, by the clerk or treasurer for

pip?® ar®  the time being of the respective water companies to whom fufch

pro en,,&c. pjpC or pjpCS (han belong; or if the fame (hall not belong to any of the said water companies, then by the respective owner or owners thereof; and the charges and expences of relaying *  the* pavement which (hall be broken or taken up for the pur- !

pofes of new making, repairing,' altering, cleansing or emptying, any fewer, drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates, (hall be defrayed and paid by and out of some rate or rates to be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said a& of the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King 1 Claries the Second; or by the person or persons who (hall take ! tip the said pavement, or any part thereof, or cause the fame to be taken up for any of the purposes aforefaid: and if such clerk or treasurer to any of the said water companies, or the refpec-* tive owner or owners of such pipe or pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such charges and expences, (hall refute or neglect to pay the fame within ten days next after demand thereof, in writing, (igned by the clerk of the said commiffioners, and left at their respective dwelling-houfes or last places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to such demand, containing an account of such charges and expences; then, and in every tech cafe, the money fo expended (hall and may be recovered oy the . said commissioners of and from the person or persons fo liable thereto, by action or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or informa* tion, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler^m the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the (aid city of London, to be commenced withm three calendar months next after tech demand refpedHvely; in which a£Hon or fuit no pffoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one impart Jance, (hall be allowed.

Expence of XXXI. Provided neverthelefe, and it is-hereby further enadt-alteration of ^ That if at any time it (hall be found necessary for the pur-b^defrwd' P°fes Qcw  or altering the pavement, of any of the faid

out of the ' ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafiages, dr places, monies of the to raife, fink, or any otherwise alter the position of, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by any of the said water companies, or by any other person or persons whatfoever, the pharges attending the fame (h%ll be paid out of the monies arif-jng, or to arife, by virtue of this adh For procuring XXXII. And for the more eaftly obtaining of water in cafes of water in tim.es fire, it is hereby further enaded. That the teverai water co(n-of fire. panies, who (hall tepply any of the inhabitants of the (aid city Names of the with water, (hall, from time to time, within the space of four-tnrnpocfcs tp Jeep (jays aftpr the pafling of this alt, or witfrifl fevep days after

th9

1767-] Anno o£avo Georgii III. c. 21.  41

the appointment of any turncock or turncocks, give notice, in be delivered writing, to, the said commiffioners, of the names and places ofin* abode of their refpedHve turncocks, diftinguithing the districts to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said com* penalty for panies (hall negledt' to give such notice within the times aforesaid, every negfed they (hall, for every such negledt, forfeit the sum of forty fhil**. therein, lin^s; and the said commissioners (hall, and they are hereby required yearly to caufeto be printed and diftribiited through eve* ry ward within the said city and liberties, to and amongst the several hou(holders within the fame, a lift of the names and places of abode of the several turncocks of the district or districts within which every such ward respectively (hall lie.

XXXIII.  And it is hereby further enadted, That the said For watering commissioners (hall have full power and authority to cause the the ftreets. said streets to be watered as often as they (hall think fit; and

alfo to cause any well or wells to be dug and funk in such places as they (hall think proper; and also any pump or pumps to be eredtea in or near such places f and also any pumps now (landing for the purpose of watering the said ftreets, or for any other purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the purposes of, this adh -

XXXIV.  And, for the more effectually cleansing and keeping clean For making the said Jireets, lanes, fquares, yardi, courts, alleys, pajjages, tftfrfdull-holcs, places, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ®c*

That it (hall(and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners

to cause any number of moveable or fixed duft-boxes, duft-holes, or conveniencies, wherein dust and a(hes, or other filth, may bedepofited for the scavengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in such parts of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, as they (hall judge neceflary; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of houses or tenements within the laid city and liberties are hereby required daily, and every day, to cause all their duft, a(hes,' and other filth, to be deposited in the said duft-boxes, duft-holes, or other conveniencies, or elfe to keep the fame in their refpedHve houses or tenements, with the appurtenances, until the fame (hall be removed" and carried away by the refpedHve rakers, to be in this behalf appointed : and in cafe any such occupier of any house or tenement within the (aid city or liberties (hall depofit, or cause or permit to be depofited, any a(hes, duft, or other filth, in any part of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pa(-(ages, and places, except in some of the duft-holes, duft-boxes, or other conveniencies, (o to be erected or made as aforefaid; then the person fo offending (hall, for every such offence, for* feit and pay the sum of temlhillings.

XXXy. And it is hereby further enadted. That every occu* For cleansing pier of any house or tenement within the said city and liberties, foot-ways, and (in respect of houfes.lett to inmates) every house owner,

(hall once in every day, between the hours of eight and ten of fhc c)ock in the forenoon of each day, (crape, fwcep, and clean fe,

the

3*

Anno oflavo Georgii III. c. 21.  [1  j6jl

may make propofalsto the said coirimiflioners at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified $ and all contracts made, or to be made, in'confequence of such notice, (hall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof; and the fame (hall be signed by the clerk for the time being of the said commiffioners, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works refpe&ively, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said com-miffi'oners.

No member of XIV. Provided alio, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That the common no perfon, being a member of the court of common council of council to be the said city, (hall be directly or indirectly interested or con-an^contrai? ccrne<* in anY contra# which (hall be made or entered into by y  *  or on behalf of the said commiffioners, for or concerning any

of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this ad, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract (hall be null and void; and that the person who, being ,a member of the said court, and (hall be fo interested or concerned therein, (hall, f6r every such offence, forfeit and pay the (urn of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who (hall sue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeft-minjier, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or fuit refpedively, no protedion, v efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty (hall be recovered, (hall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being elected a member of the said court of common council.

For paving  XV. And it is hereby further enaded. That the said com-

ftreets.  miffioners may cause all or any of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares,

yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, to be new paved or repaired, when and as often, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said commissioners (hall think fit; and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into,'the fame, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they (hall judge neceffary; and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels running in or through the fame to be turned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter (hall be laid, underground, to be taken up and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said commissioners (hall judge bed; and may cause ' such posts as they (hall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewife< all fteps, bulks, (hew-glaffes, and (hew-boards, encroaching upon the foot-ways, as | also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XVI. And

tjSy?] Anno offcavo Georgii III. c. 2 r*:  33

XVI.  And it is hereby farther enaded, That the said com- For taking tnifftoners ihall and may cause all figns, or other emblems,

ufed to denbte the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person p° *x or perfons, fign-pods, figri-irons, pent-houfes, (hew-boards,

(pout?, and gutters, projecting into any the said dreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatfoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed ; and Ihall cause all figns, or other emblems, as aforesaid, (hew-boards, and gutters, or such parts thereof as they (hall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houfes, lhops, ware* houfes, Or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwife; and (hall re turn.or cause to be returned, to the respective owners, fo much of such figns, or other emblems, fign* pods, or other pods, fign-irons, (hew-boards, fpouts, and gutters, as (hall not be affixed or put Up, or otherwise made, use of, in the alterations directed by this aa; and that, for the future, all figns, fign-boards, and gutters, ihall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, to which, they refpeCtively belong, and not otherwise : and if any person or persons (hall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCfc, or build, any fien, fign-pod, or other pod, lign-iron, pent-houfe, (hew-board, (pout, gutter, or other projection, obdruCtion, or annoyance, or cause the fame to be done, contrary to the direction aforesaid ; every per-fpn fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay ihe sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty (hillings for every day such offence (hail continue*

XVII.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, Directing that That it (hall and may be lawful to. and for any person or per- cranes ihall fons to keep any crane or cranes. already fixed up againd any ^thcPwCiia warehouse or -warehoufes, within the said city and liberties 0f War^ * thereof, or to affix any crane or. cranes to such warehouse or houfes. warehoufes, and to make use of such crane or cranes, fo as fuch

crape or cranes be turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses when not in aCtual ufe; any thing in this aCt, or any former law, cudom, or datute, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XVIII.  And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nufances and Directing that objlruftions in the said city and liberties, it is hereby further enaCt- jj.°,71gg5n-ed. That if, after the twenty fifth day of March next, any com- street m

. mon dage waggon or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other above one carriage, (hall, for the purpose of loading, or unloading the hour, fame, or any part thereof, be suffered to dand or continue in any of the said dreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paf-fages, or places, above the fpaceof one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, (hall be placed and suffered to dand athwart or across any such dreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paffage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatfoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or.other carriage, (hall be suffered to dand Vm.XJCVIII.  D  or

For paying ' #e money collected into the chamber-Iain's office.

Colle&ors to deliver in an account in writing under their hands.

Anna octavo Georoji III. c. a t; [1767;

in their ward, in proportion to the yearly rent of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments refpe&ivelv, as the fame (hall be fricertained and rated in the rat? or affeument towards the land tax; then, and in every such cafe, upon comolaint thereof made by any inhabitant of the (aid city to the said commiffion-ers, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to ap~ point a day for hearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining (hall give three days notice at the least of the' day fo appointed, to the, alderman of the ward to which such complaint (hall relate, or to his deputy ; and such notice having been given, the said cognmiflionera (ball and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint; and for that purpose (hall and may fumtnon witnefTes before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath ; which oath the said conunifiioners are hereby authorized and impowered to admioifter ; and if the said commiffionera (hail judge the matter of such complaint to be tFue, they (hall make such alterations in the said rat? or af-feflment as mail be juft.

LXIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That every collector of the rates and affeflmenta aforefeid (hall, from time to rime, pay the monies arising therefrom, as he (hall receive the fame, to the chamberlain of the (aid city of L/ndm for the rime being\ and upon every such payment, the (aid chamber-lain, or one of his elerka, (hall, without fee or reward, sign and give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which th? (aid collector (hall belong; and if such collector (hall at any time keep and retain in his hands, of the monies to to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London bring within that time open to receive the fame) then, and fo pftqn, such collector (hall forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings* for every day he (hall retain the laid sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXIV. And U is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in purfaanee of this aft (hall, upon three days notice in writing given to or left for him at his usual place of abode, by the . alderman, of the ward to which such collerior 0taU belong, or his deputy, attend the (aid alderman, of his deputy, at such time and place, within their ward, as he (hall appoint; or upon notice in writing to be given op left as aforefek), by the clerk or clerks refp*&tvely» to the said oommifiioners, (hall attend the said ccenmiffioners at fetch place as they (hall appoint in such notice; and then and there* if required, deliver to such alderman, or his deputy,, or to the said co&i|HffioA0F$, upon oath (or if such collector be a  then  upon  his  fedemn

affirmation; which oath or affirmation such aldermen or deputy is hereby impowered toadmmiftcr}*teue, e*e&»and porfeA account in writing, unde* the b«ad of such ccdfedta, of all ferns of money yvhjfb he (hall then have reoriyed feyregfoo ef th* said uficetj and

' '  ,  7  alf9

\j67.3  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. *i\  $$

alfo a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward, who (hall have refused or neglected to pay his, her, or their said rates or afleffments, with a true account of the fevers! sums of money which fucb persons (hail refpeCtively be in arrear, to the intent that the fame may be speedily got in *nd recovered: and if any collector, after such refpeCtive notices given as aforesaid, dial! refuse or negleCt to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the fame, or to account for any sum or sums of iponey by him collected or received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed j then, and in every fach cafe, such' collector (hall, for every such refusal or negleCt, forfeit and pay such sum of money as the rates and affeffments, which he (hall have been entrusted or authorized to colleCt, (hall amount unto, after deducting the amount of the sum or sums by hint actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being; which forfeiture (hall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said iqayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; in which aCtion or fuit, such collector (hall be held to special bail, and no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Colleaors re-deciaVed, That if any collector or coile&ors of the said rates l^c* and affeffments, (hall have in his or their hands any of the said *t0 ^ jc. rates or assessments collected by him or them, and (hall refuse vied by di-* to account for and pay the fame as aforesaid, it (hall and may fceft and fale. be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the fai • city, by warrant under his hand and feal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way; and if, upon the confefiion of such collector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witneffes, upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) it (hall appear to him that any of the monies which (hall have been collected and railed by virtue of this aCt, (hall then be inr the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refu&th or refuse to pay the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chatties of such collector or collectors refpeCtively j and if no goods or chatties of such collector or collectors can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of such dtftrefs and fale, then the (aid justice may and shan commit fach collector or collectors to one of the compters of the laid city, there to be detained and kept with-' out bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall pay the fame, or fbch composition as the laid commissioners (hall agree to accept

E 4  *  *  Hi

&

Appeal to

court of mayor and aldermen.

For aftefling 'wharfs, . warehoufes, vaults or cellars.

For examining books re ]*tmg to the poors rates.

AmK>o£fevoGEo*Gn III. c. 21,  [1767.'

to the (aid commiflioners, by petition, in writing* flatting forth, thecircumfiances of his, her, or their cafe, giving notice to the alderman of the ward wherein such rate or aflefltnent (hall have been made, or his deputy, and such petition (hall be taken into consideration by the said commilfioners at their next publick meeting, of which the alderman of the ward, or his deputy, (hall have special notice; and if it (hall then appear to the said commiflioners, upon hearing the said petitioner or petitioners, that the said petitioner or petitioners is or areintitled to relief; it (ha!! and may be lawful to and for the said commiffion-ers, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to award* the said petitioner or petitioners such relief as they the said commissioners (hall think just and reafonable.

XLV. Provided always. That if the alderman, or his deputy, or the major part of the common council men of such ward, (hall think such award unjust or unreafonable, or if the party or parties concerned (hall think him, or herfelf, or them-felves aggrieved, by such award; it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal, from such award, to the court of mayor and aldermen or the said city, who (hall finally determine whether the said petitioner or petitioners is or are iotitled to any, and1 what relief in the premifles.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted* That no f>erfon or persons (hall, in respect or any wharf, or of any warehoufe, vault, or cellar, upon any wharf, not fronting any street or lane, be rated or afTefled, or be liable to pay more than two thirds of the rates or affeffinents herein before directed to be rated and afTefled on lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the several wards of the said city of London; any thing herein before contained ta the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLVII. And, in order to ascertain the rates and ajfkjfments to be made by virtue of this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid. That the several aldermen of the said city, or their reipedtive deputies, (halt and may, and they are. hereby authorized and impowered, to cause any of the books pf assessment of the land tax, within their respective wards; and also any of the books of affeflTment of the rates towards the relief of the . poor, within the respective parishes of the fame wards, to be Drought before them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they (hall think fit, without fee or reward; and if any petfon or perfons, in whose custody or power any of the said books (hall be, (hall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen, or their deputies, with such book or books, or to permit them to take copies thereof,' as ^forefaid ; then, and in every such cafe,-every person who (hall fo refuse or neglect (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

XLVIII. And, for as much as it is reasonable that all publick buildings (hofpitals excepted) and dll dead walls, and void spaces of ground, should be rated and affejfed in a due proportion, towards the

paving,

,?^7;3  Awitto&awo Georgii IIL c. til  47

Paving* eleanftttg, and enlightening9 the faii city, and the libertiess thereof * it is hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be For assessing lawful and for the alderman of each ward, within the said churches and city and liberties* or his deputy, with the major part of the otherpubliek common council men, and they are hereby required at such ^g^P9 times as the rates and aflefiments hereby directed to be made by houses and order of the said .cpmmiffioners as aforesaid, (hall from time to void spaces o£ time be made, to rate ahd assess towards the purposes of this ground.

$3 all pari(h churches, church-yards, chapels, and other pub* lick buildings whatfoever, not charged to the land tax; as alfo. all meetkig-houfos, and all vend spaces of ground, fituate, lying, and being, within their ward, other than and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in Linden, and the church-yards and ground within the iron rails encompafiing the said cathedral church, at such rate as the commiflSoners, by writing under their hands and foals, or the hands and seals of any foven or , more of them, (half order and direct for every square yard of such churches, church-yards, chapels, and publick buildings, meeting-houfes, and void spaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four pence per square yard and also to rate and aflefa all dead walls within their wards, towards the purpose9 aforesaid, at such rate as the said commissioners (hall order and di-re& in manner aforesaid, for every yard runnihg measure of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of fix pence per yard ; fach rate or rates, assessment or aflefiments, fo to be, from time ' to time, made upon any parith church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens; and the rate or rates, afieffinent or aflefiments, fo to be made, from time fo.time, upon any meeting-houfe within the said city or liberties, to be paid by the nfinifter and deacons, or other per-, ion usually officiating therein: and if such ohurch or chapel warden, minifter, deacon, or other perfon, (hall refuse or negledk to pay the feme upon demand; then, and in every such cafe, such rate or rates, afieffinent or afiefiinents, (hall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons fo required to pay the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’* courts of record at JFeflminfter, or within the said city, to be commenced and prpiecuted in the name or names of the mayor and commonalty and citizens; in which action or fuit no e/Toin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or aflefiments, to be made on any mseting-hoofe as aforesaid, the fame (hall be and reT main a charge upon such meeting-houfo, and be paid by the landlord or owner thereof refpe&ively; and such rate or rates, aflefitnent or affeffments, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any publick building (not being an hofpttal) or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, (hall be paid by the refpec-tive owner or.owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space of ground, (hall not.be known, or cannot be

found.

48  Anno  octavo  Georgix  III.  c. itl -  [17&7;

found, then the said rate or rates, assessment or afleffinents, to \  be thereon made, (hall be advanced by the chamberlain of the

>  city of Londtn for the time being out of the cash of the faid

city in his hands, and the said ground (hall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors for repayment of all rates to to be by him advanced.

Directing that XLIX. And be it further epafted, That it (hall and may be inns of court lawful to and for the alderman of Farringdm ward without, or ihall be rated his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of | forth%p k1*’ the said ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, po erot this tQ rate an(j a(j-efs> in every such rate and assessment as aforesaid, the several inns of court and chancery herein after named, in I the several and rcfpeftive sums herein after mentioned, as a composition for the repairs of the pavements which they have respectively sustained ; that is to fay, the Inner Temple, in the sum of two pounds two (hillings per annum; the Middle Temple, in the sum of fix pounds fix (hillings per annum; Serjeants Inn \ in Chancery Lane, in the sum of ten pounds per annum: and also to rate and assess the several inns of chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned$ that i is to fay. Staples Inny in the sum of fourteen pounds per annum; ' Fur nival* s Inn9 in the sum of twenty pounds per annum; Barnards Inn, in the sum of fix pounds per annum \ Clifford's Inny in the sum of two pounds two (hillings per annum: which rates or assessments (hall be paid by the treafurer, principal, or other proper officer of the said inns of court and inns of chan- I eery refpeftively; and in default of payment, may be sued for ! and recovered, in like manner as the rates and afleffinents upon parifii churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before directed to be sued for and recovered.

L. And whereas the pavement lying between the fence of the churchyard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul, in the said city of London, and the channels of the several Jlreets and ways adjoining toy and furroundingy the said churchy contains two thousand two hundred ana forty square yards; and the charges and expences of repairing, cleanfingy and enlightening the fame, is now paid out of the interejl and yearly produce of the surplus money of certain duties on coal granted by divers alts of parliamenty and vested in the lord archbifbop ^Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of For afleifing the city of London, for the time being j be it hereby further enaft-the pavements ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said corn-belonging to miffioners, or any seven or more them, and they are hereby re-church'of St <lu*re<*» when apd at such times as the rates and assessments Paid. °  # hereby directed to be made (hall, from time to time, be made,

to rate and assess the said cathedral church, toward the purposes of this aft, at such rate as the said com miffioners, or any seven or more of them, (hall judge reafonable, not exceeding the rate of one (hilling and three penbe by the year, for every square '  yard of the said pavement now kept in repair, out of the in-

tereft of such truft-monies as aforefaid; and that such rates or afleffinents fo to be, from time to time, made on the said cathe-•  dral

%

49

1767.] ’Anno oilavo Georgii III.^c**21*

dral church as aforesaid, (hall be paid by the lord archbilhop of Canterbury, lord bi(hop of London, ana lord mayor of the said city of London, for the time being, or their treasurer, or other1 proper officer, out of the interest and produce of the said fur-plus-monies fo veiled in them, upon the trufts, and for the purposes aforefaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That Not to vacate nothing in this adt contained (hall be deemed or taken to make any aeree-void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord imeni[ and tenant touching or concerning the paving, cleanfing, or tenant ^ enlightening, any part of the said ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, allevs, paflages, and places, within the said city and liberties, but that every such landlord who is now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanfe, or enlighten, any part thereof, (hall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their refpeltive tenant or tenants, the rate or rates to be rated or assessed on such tenant or tenants refpedtively, or fo much thereof as (hall be just and reafonable, according to the true meaning of such con* trad, covenant, or agreement, for and during the time of such contract, covenant, or agreement, (hall remain in force; and in cafe any dispute (hall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said court of mayor and aldermen (hall have power to hear and finally determine the fame.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfort or per- For recovery fons, who (hall be liable to pay any rate or assessment to be of rates a-made by virtue or in pursuance of this adt, (hall become bankrupt or bankrupts before he, (he, or they, (hall have fully §fall°be liable paid and satisfied all the money then due and owing for such to pay the rates and afleflfments; then, and in every such cafe, the assignee fame, becom-or assignees of his, her, or their estate and effects, or other inS bank* perfoti or persons possessing the fame, (hall, out of such estate ruPt8* and dffedtS, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors his, her, or their cods of suing out and prosecuting the cotn-miffion against any such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London, ifor the time being, all such Turns of money as were due for such rates and assessments at the time of the suing out any such com-miffion against him, her, or them refpedtively, or fo much thereof as the said estate and effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain (hall be a good discharge for the said money; and every assignee or affignees, or other per-fon as aforesaid, may,' to any action or fuit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and (hall be allowed such payment out of the estate or effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts, prior to any other dfcbt or demand whatsoever (except as before 19 excepted) and in cafe of non-payment of the fame by the space of one% calendar month after the fame (hall be demanded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to commence and prosecute one or more action or adtions, fuit or Vol. XXVIII.  E  fuits.

49

For making duplicates of rates.

For appointing cotte&ors.

Obliging the collectors to take an oath.

Anno octavo GeorgiiIII c.£i. [i767. Juit-s, for the fame, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at ffeftminfler* or within the said city, again!! such af-Ggnee pr affignees, or other persons as aforefaid.

LIU.  Ana it is hereby further enafted, That the alderman | or his deputy, and the major part of the common council j men for the time being, in each ward within the said city or liberties, are hereby required to fet down in writing, and sign two duplicates of the rates and afieffinents which they (hail, from time to time, make by virtue of this aft, for the pur-pofes aforefaid; in which (hall be exprefied the names of the collectors who (hall be appointed to collet! the fame; one

of which duplicates (hall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the beadle pf the said ward | in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London, where ! the fame (hall remain; and every citizen of London* liable to be rated by virtue of this aft, (hall and may have free access thereto, at all convenient times* and be permitted to infpeCt the fame without fee or reward; and the person or persons neglecting to. deposit such duplicates, in the manner, or within the time aforesaid, or refusing to permit such infpeftiori as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence r.e^e&ively, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LIV.  And, to the end that thefaidfeveral rates and ojfejfments map bo fully wit eomploatly raised and paid for the purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman op his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the fealt day of Saint Thomas the apofile for the choice of ward officers, to return to the said wardmote the names and places of abode of a competent number of fub-ftantial inhabitants of such ward, of whom, fo many as the said alderman,, or his deputy, and the major part of the said common council men, (hajl think (it and direct, not exceeding half the number pf persons fo returned, (hall be chosen and appointed at the fold wardmote, to be collectors of the rates and afleffinents which (hall be made in pursuance of this aft, for one whole year, from the said feast day of Saint Thomas the ! apolUe to the fame feast day then next following, and fo yearly, and from year to year: and the said collectors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the respective ward* for which they (hall be fo chosen collectors, to collect and receive, from time to time, such rates, afleffinents, and fum&of money, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this aft, of and from all persons liable to pay the fame; and all persons who, by virtue of this aft, (hall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such rates or affefftnents unto iuch respective collectors for the time being accordingly; such collectors, from time to time, giving receipts for the fame gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon requeft: and every such collector, who (hall be

.  chpfen

5i

176?.']  Anno odavo Gfcoft&ri 111. t. air.

chofen by virtue of this aft, lhall, at the wardmote at which h« '

(hall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the (pace of twenty days then next enfuing, before the alderman of the w^rd for which he (hall be fo chosen collector, or his deputy, take afid subscribe the following oath, or, being one of the people called $>uaker's9 make and subscribe the following folemft affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the said office.

I A. B. do swear (or Solemnly affitm) that lwl% according to The oatfy the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a collector, within the ward of according to the directions and true intent of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his Majefly King George the Third, for the better paving, cleanfing, and enlightening, the city of Londoft* and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obftruCtions and annoyances within the lame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Which oath or affirmation (hall be adminiftcred, Without fee or reward, by the alderman of each rerpeCtive wafd for the time being, or his deputy: and if any collector, chosen in pur-fuance of this aCt, (hall refuse or negleCt to take the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, or to take upon himself the said office, of, after having taken upon himself the said office, (hall refuse or nCgleCt to serve and execute the fame, according to the true iritent and meaning of this afl; he (hall, for every such refusal of negleCt, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty poundsj and (hall, neverthelefs, continue liable to be chosen into the said office again the year following, or at any other time, and (hall be liable to the like penalty, fo often as he (hall thereupon refuse or negleCt to take upon him and duly to execute the fame.

LV. And it is hereby further enaCted, That when and as In cafe of re-often as any person (hall refuse or negleCt to take upon him the or said office, or to execute the fame when chofen, or (hall die, or remove out of the ward in and for which he (hall be fo chosen alderman’, and appointed, before he has finished bis collection ; then, and of the ward, in every or any such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for kcc. may ap-the alderman of such ward for the time being, or his deputy, pomt olb€r*# with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, by appointment under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper person within such ward, to coiled the said rates therein, or such sum or sums of money as (hall remain due and unpaid thereofand if such other person fo appointed (hall refuse or negleCt to take and subscribe the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, to ferveand execute the said office; then, and in every such last mentioned cafe, every person fo re-fufing or neglecting (hall be liable to the like penalty of fifty pounds as if he had been chosen into the said office at the wardmote, as aforefaid.

E 2  LVI.  Pro-

Impowering the collectors to distrain in cafe of nonpayment.

£2  v  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2*;  ^1767.

Not to extend  LVI. provided always, and it is hereby further enafted,

to oblige per- That nothing in this aft contairied (hall extend, or be con-

font to serve (trued, to oblige any person or persons to serve the said office

who are by 0f colleftor, who, by the laws now in being, is or are exempted law exempted. from ferVin»g any w^rd office

' LVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any person or persons who (hall be rated or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of ‘tt\is aft, (hall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, alTeffinent or af-feflments, (hall be due, and demanded by the collector or collectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the fame (fuch demand being either personally made to the respective person or persons fo charged, or left in writing at his, her, or their respective house or houfes, or place or places of abode) then, and in every such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such collector or colleftors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of the said com-miffioners, or any three of them (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required tp apply for$ and the said commiffioners, or any three of them, are hereby authorized and required to grant) and, with the aflidance of a condable, or other peace officer of the ward, county,* city, or liberty, where the person or persons fo refuting or neglecting (hall refide, to enter his, her, or their house or houfes, apartment or apartments, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their goods and chatties5 and if the fame (hall not be replevied, or (uch rate or afleflinent paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the cods and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and such part of the said goods and chatties as (hall be sufficient to pay the said rate or afleffinent, with the cods and charges attending fudh distress and fale; returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods or chatties, (the said cods and charges to be fettled and allowed by the said commiffioners, or any three or more of them) who (hall have granted such warrant or warrants refpeftively.  •

LVIII. Provided always. That no such didrefs (hall, by virtue of this aft, be made out of the limits of the said city and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants refpec-tively (hall be fird backed or countersigned by some magidrate of the county, city, or liberty where rach didrefs is proposed to be made; which warrant or warrants any magidrate who (hjdl be applied to for that purpose, (hall forthwith back or counterfign, without fee pr reward.

LIX. And it is hereby further enafted, That if any such collector or collectors (hall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to make such didrefs and fale, pursuant to the directions of this aft, except in cafes where such didrefs (hall be dispensed with by the alderman or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of each respective ward, by writing under their hands, ia re-

fpeft

Warrant of distress to be backed.

For puniftiing persons neg-le&ing their duty 111 granting or executing any warrant.

53

*7^7-3  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r.'

fpe& of the poverty of the party or parlies afleffed; such collector or collectors (hall, for every such refusal or negleCt, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds : and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to him made to back or counter-fign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, (hall refuse or negleCt fo to do, such justice (hall, for every such refusal or neg-ieCt, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds : and if any con-liable, being called upon by any collector or collectors having such warrant or warrants, (hall refuse or negleCt to aid and assist him or them in making such diftrefs. and fale, he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

LX. And* for the more effectual enforcing the payment of the said rates and ajfejfments for the purposes aforefaid> it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any freeman of Rendering London, liable to pay the said rates and afieffments, or any re-  '1

afleflinents, which (hall and may be made in the cafes herein rates.^inca-after-mentioned, (hall have neglected or refused to pay the pable of vot-fame, or any part thereof, after such demand as aforefaid; or >ng at el®e-if any such freeman (hall, for or in respect of poverty ortioiu* inability, have desired to be excufed, and accordingly (hall have been excufed, from paying any such rate, afleffment, or re-afleffinent; then, and in every such cafe, every such freeman (hall be'under the fame incapacity of voting at elections within the city of London, as any person or persons now is or are, who dp not pay their scot and lot to any of the yearly rates and af-fdTments to which the citizens of London are, at this time, or (hall hereafter, become liable*

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCt- Allowing an fcd. That any person or persons who (hall think him, her, or commiflion-C themfelves, aggrieved by any rate dr afleffinent to be made by virtue Of in pursuance of this aCt, may, within the space of thirty days next after such rate and afleffinent (hall have been demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said commiffioners; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such appeal; and the party or parties fo appealing (hall give three days notice, at the lead, of the day fo appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the said af-feflment (hall have been made, or to his deputy ; andTuch no- 1 , tice having been given, the said commissioners (hall'and may, upon the day fo appointed, proceed to hear and determine such appeal; and their determination (hall be final; and no fees (hall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining, of such appeal. '

LXII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted and Dire&ing the * declared. That if the alderman of any ward, within the said commissioners city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the com- determine mon council men of the faia ward, (hall, at any time or times complaints of hereafter, in any rates or afleffintnts by them to be made, by any inhabit-virtue or in pursuance Of this aCl, negleCt or omit to rate or an*8 .uP°n a*7 Affefs any penon or persons liable to such rates or afleffinents, or (ball negleCt or omit to rate or afiefs any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, with-*  E  3  ib

S 4

For paying ' £jte xponjey collected into the chamber -Iain's office.

Colie&ors to deliver in an account in writing under their bands.

Anno q&»vo Georgji III. c. a*.  [1767;

in their ward, in proportion to the yearly rent of .fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments refpe&ivelv, 9$ the fame (hall bo pfcertaiqed and rated in the rate or affeument towards the land tax; then, and in every foch cafe, upon complaint thereof made by any inhabitant of the laid city to the fain commiffion-ers, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining (hail give three days notice at the least of the day fo appointed, to the, alderman of the ward to which such 1 complaint (hall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the laid commifiioners (ball and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint; and for that purpose (hall and may fununon witnefies before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath ; which oath the said commissioners are hereby authorized and impowered to admfoifter ; and if the said commissioners (hall judge the matter of such complaint to be true, they (hall make such alterations in the said rate or af-fcflsnent as mall be juft.  ]

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That every collector of the rates and aflbflmenta aforefcid (hall* from time to rime, pay the monies ariifog therefrom, as he (hall receive the fame, to the chamberlain of the said city of London for the .time being; and upon every fqch payment, the (aid chamber-lain, or one of bis elerka, (hall, without fee or reward, sign and give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which the (aid collector (hall belong; and if such Collector (ball at any time keep and retain in his hands, of the monies fo to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London being within than time open to receive the fame) then, and fo pftqn, such collector (hall forfeit and pay the sum of ten (hillings1 for every day he (hall retain the (aid sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector to bo appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this a$ (ball, upon three days notice fo writing given to or left for him at his qfual place of abode, by the alderman of the ward to which, such collector fltall belong, or bis deputy, attend the (aid alderman, of his deputy, a* foch time and place, within their ward, as he (hall appoint; or upon notice in writing to be given or left as aforefek), by the clerk or clerks refpe&ively, to the said commiffioners, (hall attend the said coenmiflioners at fceh place as they foil appoint in such notice; sad then and there* if required, deliver to such alderman, or bis deputy,, qr to the (aid commiOSoaeFS, upon oath (or if foeh colle&o? be a  then  upon  hfo  fblemn

affirmation; which eaib or affirmation suchstdermao or deputy is hereby i mpdwcred toadm foi ftcr }fctnoe, ei*aCk,awd R*rfeA account in writing, under fo band of such coUedfox, of ah foms, of money yvh^h be (hall then have redyed byretfso of fo said office; and '  .  ‘  7  alfq

i7<>7-] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.  $$

aHb a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward, who (hall have refused or negleCted to pay his> her, or their said rates or afleflments, with a true account of the several sums of money which such persons (hall refpeCtively be in arrear, to the intent that the fame may be (peedify got in £nd recovered: and if any collector, after such refpeCthre notices given as aforefakl, (half refuse or negleCt to attend, or deliver in his accounts as afore-faid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the lame, or to account for any sum or sums of money by him collected or received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed; then, and m every such cafe, such collector (hall, for every such refusal or negleCt, forfeit and pay * such sum of money as the rates and afleffments, which he (half have been entrusted or authorized to colieCt, (hall amount Unto, after deducting the amount of the sum or sums by hint actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being$ which forfeiture (hall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; in which action or fuit, such collector (hall be held to special bail, and no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Colleaon re-dedared, That if any collector or coilefior9 of the said rates %^Gm and afleflments, (hall have in his or their hands any of the said fame *t0 ^ \Qm rates or assessments collected by him or them, and (hall refuse vied by di>' to account for and pay the fame as aforesaid, it (hall and may and (ale* be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the fai • city, by warrant under his hand and feal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a furhmary way; and if, upon the confession of such collector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witneffes, upon oath (which oath such juftite is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) it (hall appear to him that any of the monies which (hall have been collected and raised by virtue of this aCI, (haH then be inr the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refu&th or refuse to pay the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this aO, the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and fele of the goods and chatties of such collector or collectors refpeCtivcly $ and if no goods or chatties of such collector or collectors can be found sufficient to answer and fetisfy the said money, and the charges of such distress and fale, then the said justice may and fhafl commit such collector or collectors to one of the compters of the (aid city, there to be detained and kept with-. out bail or mainprise, until he or they (hall pay the fame, or fbch composition as the laid commissioners (hall agree to accept

£4  '  •  *  i*

and examine collectors, upon oath, touching any complaint or negleCtof dpty.

56  Anno  octavo Georgii III. c. 21.  [t 767.

in full; which composition such cotmniiTioners arc hereby im-powered to make.

Commifllon- LXVI. And it is hereby further enaCted, That every colors to summon ]C(c}or t0 jje appointed by virtue or in piirfuance of this a<St, (hall, upon three days notice in writing, given to or left for him at his usual place of abode, by the clerk of the said commiffion-ers, attend the said commissioners at such time and place as lhall be appointed in such notice, and then and thereof required, answer upon oath (or if such collector shall be a §tua\er^ then upon his solemn affirmation j which path or affirmation such commiffioners, or any two of theft, are hereby impowered to adminifter) touching any negleCt of duty, or other matters of complaint against him j and if any such collector (hall refuse or negleCt to attend on such notice a$ afore faid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and feals, or the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to cause such collector to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, in a fummarj way; and if such collector (hall not (hew good cause of excufe, to the fatisfaCtion of the said commiffioners, for his neglecting or refuting to attend on such notice as aforesaid, he (ball, for every such neglect or refufal, forfeit the sum of forty (hillings, to be levied by diiirefs and sale of the goods and chatties of such collector; and if no goods and chatties of such collector can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the fame, and the charges of such distress and fale, then the said commiffiPners, by their warrant as aforesaid, may and (hall commit such cpl-JeCtor to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept for any time not longer than one month, nor lefs'than fourteen days.

LXVI1. And it is hereby further enabled, That if any collector or collectors (hall happen to die, or become bankrupt, before he or they (hall have fully paid and satisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this aCt, or such (ignees, to pay composition for the fame as aforesaid ; then, and in every such toe money, cafe, the executors or administrators, executrix or adminiftra-trix, or other legal representative or reprefentatives, of such collector or collegers, or other person or persons poflelfing his or their estate and effeCts, (hall, in the first place, out of such estate and effects, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of %<mdQn for the time being, all such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors at the time of his or their death j and the assignee or assignees of his or their estate and effects, in cafe of bankruptcy, (hall, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their costs of filing put and prosecuting the commission against such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the said chamberlain al] such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors, at the time of the suing out of any such com-pviflion of bankruptcy against him or them, or fo much thereof

' *  as

Tn ease of collectors becoming bank rupts, executors, or af-

1767.] Anno o&avp Georgii III. c. ar;  57

as the said dftate or effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain (hall be a good discharge for the said money; and every executor or adminiftrator* assignee or af-:ignees, or other perfon, as aforesaid,. may, to any action or fuit commenced or brought against him or them, plead, or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and (hall be allowed such payment out of the estate and effects of such colledtor or col-ledtors, prior to any other debt or demand whatfoever; and in cafe of non-payment of the fame, by the space of one calendar month after the fame (hall be demanded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the said ward, or his deputy, to commence and prosecute one or more action or actions for the fame, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, against such executors or adminiftrators, assignee or x affignees, or other person as aforefaid.

LXVIII. Andy to the intent that fubjlantial persons may be chosen If collectors and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enadted, or receiver That in cafe any colledtor or receiver of the (aid rates or affeff- ^CC®IX^ ments (hall become insolvent, or (hall embezzle, or make away ^oney to be* with, detain, or mifapply, any sum or sums of money fo col- again affefled* ledted by him for the uses aforesaid, fo that the fame cannot be recovered, or (hall die possessed of any sum or sums of money by him or them collected by virtue of this adt, and which (hall not be paid by his executors or adminiftrators; then, and in every such cafe, such sum and sums of money (hall be again rated and a(Te(Ted on the inhabitants of the ward for which such person was chosen and appointed colledtor, by the alderman of such ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, in such proportion and manner as the rates are directed to be made by this adt; and (hall be colledted, lpvied, and distrained in such manner, and under such penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this adt.

LXIX.* And is is hereby further enadted. That the cham- Chamberlain berlain of the said city of London for the time being (hall and to pay all may, and is hereby authorized and required, out of the mo- ^ms hies collected and paid into the chamber of the said city pur-©f^thc cwn-^ suant to this adt, to pay all sums of money which the said com- miflioners,and miffioners (hall, from to time, draw upon him for, or order to make en-him to pay; and the said chamberlain, for the time being,trie8#

(hall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries in a book or books to be for'that purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his receipts and payments, on account or in pursuance of this adt; to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the said rates, (hall and may have free access at all convenient times, with full liberty to in-fpect the fame, without fee or reward; and also that the said chamberlain, for the time being, (hall, once in every year, have the said accounts audited and palled by the said commiffioners, find (hall deliver copies of the said accounts to each hoqfe qf

par*

Com mi (Hollers im powered to borrow money upon, the credit ot tilt rates.

For borrowing money, by annuities on lives.

If annuitants die, any per-fon may pur-chafe annuities for their lives.

Anno odavo Gtonou III. C. 2 r. [1767.

parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every feflion.  '

LXX. Andy for th§ more effeflually enabling the fata commiffsefters to execute the purposes of this afiy in the niofl expeditious manner, it is hereby further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faicl commiflioners, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they (hall judge it necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at intereft'any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred thoufaitd pounds, upon the credit of the rates or aiTcffments to be made and payable by virtue of this a<ft; and by any writing or writings, upon vellum or parchment, ftgned by them, to afiign the said rates or afleffments, to any fetch person or persons who (hall advance or lend such money thereon, >as a fecurhy or securities for the several sums fo borrowed, with legal or lower interest for the fame; which interest (hall be payable and paid half-yearly by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to aHfe by or from the said rates or aflfe#-ments.

LXXI. And whereas many persons may ehufe to advanee money for the purchafe* of anmitiesy to he jecwred upon9 and payable out ofy the said rates and affejfmentsy it is hereby farther enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance and pay, into the hands of the said commiftioners, for the purposes of this a<5t, any sum or f»n*9 of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thouiand pounds, for the abfblute purchase of one or more an-nuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the fall term of the natural life of such peribns, being of the age of forty live years, or upwards, as (hall be nominated by or on the be-half of such respective contributors, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid : all which annuities fo to be purchafed, (hall be payable and paid by the said chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates and af~ feffments, by four equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made to the refpeciive purch^fers, or their afiigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment pf their refpec-tive purchafe-monies; the rate whereof (hall be fettled and adjusted by a publick (ale of the said annuities by the (aid commissioners to the best bidder for the fame.

LXXtl. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed; j That when and as often as any such annuitants (ball'die, it (haH j and may be lawful for any person or persons to purchase of the said commiffipners one or more annuity or annuities upon the life of such perfons, and upon such terms and conditions, and to be payable in such manner as above mentioned; fo that the sum or sums to be contributed for the purchase of any annuities

59

1767.] Anno octavo Geokgii III. c. a il

unities to be granted by virtue of this ad (hall, at no one time, exceed the laid sum of one hundred thousand pounds*

LXXI1I. And it i? hereby further enaded, That the clerk Clerk to enter of the said comtniflioners for the time being (hall enter in a securities book or books to be for that purpose provided and kept by the said commiftioners, all securities for monies borrowed, or an* annuities* nuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this ad,, and all granted, afiignments or transfers thereof, exprefiing in words at length the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other de* fcriptions, of all such persons as iball, from time to time, be intitled to such fecurities, and the sums received upon such fe-curities; and also the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other deferiptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities (hall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities (hall respectively be payable; to which book and books the person and persons intitled to, and poflelTed of, such annuities, and all and every the person or persons liable to the payment of the said rates and auefiinents,

(hall, at all seasonable times, have accefe, with free liberty to infped the fame, without fee or reward.

I«XX1V. And it is hereby further enaded,That all and every That the an-perfon and persons who lhall purchase such annuity or annui* nuities (hail ties, and (hall duly pay the purchafe-monies for the fame at the not he liable rates aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective executors, ad^t0 taxe#* miniftrators, and affigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities fo purchafed, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons by them respectively nominated at the time of such purchafe, and (hall have good, fare, abfolute, and indefeasible estates and imerefts in the said annuities refpedively, according to the true tenor' and meaning of this ad; and that none of the said annuities  ^

(hall be subject or liable to any tax alfefled upon land by authority of parliament; and every such purchaser (hall, upon payment of his or her purchafe-money as aforesaid, have an. order on parchment or vellum for payment of the annuity 01* annuities fo purchased by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of such person or persons as (hall be nominated by him or bar as aforefaid; which order (hall be signed by the said commUfioners; and, after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and efFedual in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this ad.

LXXV. And it is hereby further enaded, That it (hall and jror affign-tnay be lawful to and for any person or persons intitled to any ment ot ic-of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, curities. adminiftrators, or affigns, at any time or times, by writing Under his, her, or their hand or hands refpedively, to align or transfer such fecurities, by indovfement on the bock thereof, to any person or peFfonswfaatfoevcr, and fo tottis quetiis; and • fitch afiignments or transfers after they (ball respectively be entered by the clerk of the said commissioners in manner afbre-fekl‘ fwhWh he is hereby required to do without fee or reward)

1  (hall

&c. of any annuitants.

6o  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. z i.  [iy67*

•fhhll Intitle the person or persons to Virhom they ‘(hall be re-fpeftively made, and his, her, or their respective executors, ad-miniftrators, and affigns, to the benefit of the security or fecit-rities fo afiigned or transferred.

[n cafe any LXXVI. And be . it further enafted, That if any person or jerfonsi(hall persons whatsoever (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be affiSnmentany ^orSe<^ or counterfeited, or wilfully aft or assist in forging or certificate/ counterfeiting, any afiignment of any such annuity as afore-faid, or any certificate of the age or of the life of any nominee, or any order or authority in writing to receive any annuity due, or to grow due; to any proprietor thereof, or any part thereof, or (hall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, arw such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue or any forged or counterfeited afiignment,. letter or attorney, certificate, inftrutnent, order, or authority, in writing, 'or (hall falsely and deceitfully per-fonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any such annuity or annuities, or the assignee of any such proprietor or proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of any such true and lawful proprietor or afllgnee, as if such offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cafes, all and every such person and persons fo offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

LXXV1I. And it is hereby further enacted. That all and every the sum and films of money fo to be advanced and lent, and the filtered thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, under and by virtue of this aft, (hall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising from the rates and assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the purposes of this aft; and all the persons who (hall be fo possessed of such fecur!frles (hall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in re-fpeft of the priority of his, her, or their, advancing the money thereon.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That po person who (hall be charged or assessed towards the rates to be made by virtue or in purfuancp of this aft, c^areSwnh thereafter liable to, or charged with, any other rates or other rates of assessments made, or to be hereafter made, by virtue or in pur-former fuance of any former aft or afts of parliament, for or towards the paving, cleanfing, or enlightening, the said city and liberties, or any part thereof.

Not to extend LXXIX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted and to repeal rates declared, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be *ormcr construed to extend, to repeal, annul, Or make void, any of the * #  said rates or assessments made or charged by virtue or in purfu-

anee of any such former aft or afts of parliament, which were due and payable, or in arrear, oa the.twenty ninth day of S#-

tembiPy

For charging the money borrowed on the rates.

No persons charged towards the

3767.I  Annq  o&avoGEofcGii III. c.ai.  61

tember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, or any of the remedies, powers or provifions, given of provided by nich former act or aCls refpeCtively for the collecting, levying, or recovering the fame5 but all such rates and afleffments, and all arrears thereof refpeCtively, which were due and payable on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred ~ and sixty feven, and all the remedies, powers, and provi-fions, in and by such former act or aCts refpeCtively granted, enaCted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the fame refpeCtively, (hall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

LXXX. And whereas certain parts of Holborn, the Minories, For assessing ** and Alderfgate Street, are supposed to be out of the liberties of the certain placet said city {/'London, by means whereof the pavements of the several fireets and places within the fame respectively cannot be completely 0f the liberties finijbed by the powers hereby vejled in the find commissioners \ where- oftbe said d* fore, for the better and more speedy completion of the fame, be it ty, for the enadted. That the several powers and authorities hereby veiled  °*  '

in the said commiffioners, and all the proviiions and regulations11118 herein before eftablifhed, declared, and provided, for the pur-pofes of paving, cleanfing, and enlightening, the said city and the liberties thereof, and for other purposes of this aCt, (hall refpeCtively extend and (hall be in force, and (hall in all refpeCts be executed by the said commiffioners, within such parts of HoU bom9 the Minories, and Alderfgate Street, as are, or are supposed to be, out of the liberties of the said city of London; and the courts and alleys leading into the fame, or communicating therewith, and the inhabitants of the several parts and places aforesaid, (hall be rated and assessed according to the provisions herein before made by the alderman of the ward next adjoining to the fame refpeCtively, or by his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, and such rates (hall be recovered in manner herein before directed; any law, ftatute, cuftom, ufage, or prefeription* to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and de- Liberty of dared by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this act con- St. Martin le tained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to the liberty ofGrandexcept-Saint Martin le Grand belonging to the dean and chapter of of tlus Weftminjler; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding,

LXXXII. And whereas it was by an aft of the seventeenth year Recites the aft of the reign of his said late majesty King George, the Second, inti- *7 Geo. *. tuled, An act for making effectual provision for enlightening the ltreets of the city of London, enabled. That if at the expiration of seven years, it'Jbould be found that any surplus Jbould have arisen from the monies collected by virtue oftbe said aft, over and above wbat Jbould have been ijfued and applied in pursuance thereof, such furplus-monies Jbould remain in the chamber of the said city of London, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and aJfeJfmentSi or to be otherwise dif-

pojei

2

the recited aft. See. to be applied to the purposes of t&is aft.

6z  Anno octavo Georgii III. C. arI [1767.

pofed of to and for the use and benefit of the citizens ^London, as they by ana# ofcommon council Jhoulddireft and appoint: And where-as part of the money arising by the sale of Jix thousand pounds, three per cent, consolidated tank annuities, which were purebafed with or out of the fur plus money coUefted by virtue of the said lajl mentioned fifty over ana above what bad been issued and applied in pursuance thereof is now remaining in the chamber of the said city\ and it will tend to expedite the good purposes of this present aft if such money as now is9 or hereafter may be, in the chamber ^London of the monies coUeftedy or to be coUeftedy by virtue of the said former aft9 were to be applied towards the carrying on the purposes aforefaid; therefore Surptafi mo- lt “ hereby further enacted and declared. That the said money, nicscollefted at|d such furplufles as have arifen, or (hall or may arife, from by virtue of the monies collected, or to be collected, by virtue of the said aft of the ieventeentth year of his said late Majesty, and (hall on the twenty fifth day or December9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, be remaining in the said chamber of Londony over and above what (hall then have been ifiued and applied in pursuance of the said last mentioned aft, (hall and may be applied towards the purposes of this present aft at such time or times, and in such manner, as the said commilfioners (hall, from .time to time, think fit, order, or direft; and the chamberlain of the said city for the time being (hall immediately after the .(aid twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and sixty (even, cany the said money, and the amount of the surplus of the said monies which (hall then be in hfc hands, to the Credit of the account of monies to be cqllefted and paid into the said chamber by virtue or in pursuance of this prelent aft.

LXXXIIL And to the end and intent that the useful purposes of this aft may be the better and more speedily carried into execution, and fcverai turn- fQr  towards increasing the fund for defraying the charges of the

me^oned X fam*  *s hereby further enafted, That upon and after the firft

before any* Sunday next after the passing of this aft there (hall be paid to the cattle or car- receiver or receivers, collector or colleftors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any cattle or carriage (hall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes herein after mentioned, or through any turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other aft or afts of parliament near the fame; videlicet 9 the turnpike at Mile End, the turnpike at Bethnal Greeny the turnpike at Hackneyy the turnpike ox Kingfiandy the turnpike at Balls Pound or Pondy IJBngtony the turnpike at Holloway, the turnpike at the end enf Saint John's Streety the turnpike at the end of QafweU Street y and the turnpike on the New Ready commonly called the City Ready all which turnpikes are in the county of Mtddlefexy the following ing tolls'; videlicet%

A toll to be taken at the

riage (hall be permitted to pass on a Sunday.

The tolls. For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horses or mules, the fuin of ten pence \ and for every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, cala(h,

or

6$

j 767.3  Anno octavo Georgii. III. c. % t.

or other carriage, drawn by four horses or mules, the film of eight pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calalh, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses or mules, the sunt of fix pence; and for every chaife, chair, calalh, or other carriage drawn by one horse or mule, the sum of three pence.

For every horfe, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

•

Which said rtfpedive sums of money (hall and may be demand- The raid tolls ed and taken for, and in the name of, a street toll, over and to be taken above, and exclusive of, all other tolls which are or (hall be ab<jJ^ and j*-authorized to be taken and collected upon or on account of the otter^oHs. (aid roads, or any of them ; and the monies ariling therefrom Tolls veiled in (hall be, and are hereby, veiled in the said mayor and common- the mayor and alty and Citizens, and (hall be disposed of for the purposes of commonalty this adt: and the said commissioners are hereby impowered, by and citizens, thetnfelves, or by any person or persons by them thereto autho- Tolls may be rizcd, to levy the toll hereby required to be paid upon any per-fon or persons who (hall, after demand thereof made, neglect or m refuse to pay the fame as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any  '

paffage through the said turnpikes respectively until payment thereof ; which said toll (hall and may be levied by distress of any horse or horfes, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this aiSfc impofad, or upon any of the goods and chattels of such person or persons who ought to pay the fame; and all such horfes, cattle, or goods, may be detained until such toll, .with the reasonable charges of such diftrefs, (hall be paid ; and it Diftrefs may Hiall and may be lawful for the person or persons fo diftraining, fold after after the space of four days from the time of making and taking 4day$-Cuch diftrefs, to fell the norse or horfes, cattle, goods, or chattels, fo diftrained, rendering the owner or owners thereof the overplus, upon denland, after satisfaction of the said toll, and the reasonable charges in and about making such diftrefs, keeping, and fate, (hall be fully paid and (atisfied.

LXXXIV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Commiflion-aforefakl, That it (hall and may be lawful for the said commit- ers m?y er®& fioners, if they (hall think proper, at any time or times, during turnPlkc8»&c» the continuance of this adt, to cause to be erected any turnpike or turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective places aforementioned, for the purposes of coiledting the several and refpec- 1 tive toils hereby made payable; and'alfo cause to be erected or provided a toll-houfe at or near each turnpike, and, from time to time, td remove or alter the fame, as they the said commissioners (hall think expedient; and the right and property of all Turnpikes, die turnpikes and toll-houfes to be, from time to time, erected &c» ve^ed in and prpyided by virtue of this adt, and the right and property com^otialt^ of the materials provided for building or repairing the fame, a^d Citizens, (hall be, and are hereby, veiled in the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of the corporation, #

64  Ann6  octavo Gfepftdn Ilf. C. ill [1767'-

ratloni arid to prefer, or order the preferring of, indictments a-gainft any person or persons who (hall injure the fame, or any part thereof, or disturb them in the potiemon thereof, or take or. retain, or hold possession thereof, after being required by order of the commissioners to deliver up the fame.

Tolls may be LXXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted collected at an(j declared, That it (hall and may be lawful for the several and LAadyerea- respective receivers or collectors, and other persons to be aped.  pointed  by  virtue of this aCt, to receive and col|eCt the feveral

tolls hereby'made payable, and they are hereby authorized ancf impowered, for the purposes of this ad, without the let, hindrance, or moleftation, of any person or persons whatfoever, to make use of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and toll-houfes, already ereCted, or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any ad or ads of parliament, at or near the several and respective places whereat any toll is hereby authorized to be taken, fo as such respective receivers, colledors, or other1 perfons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the tranfading of an/ bufinefsor purpose for which such turnpikes and toll-houfes were respectively eroded or provided.

Tolls to be LXXXVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, paid but once That no person or persons shall be liable to pay the said ftreet-a d*y* to|] more than once for palling or repassing at any time or times on the fame day as aforesaid, with the fame cattle and carriage; but that all and every person and perfons, alter having paid such toll once as aforefdia, (hall, during the remainder of such day, pass toll-free, with respect to the said street toll, with the fame cattle and carriages, through the gate or turnpike at which any such toll was paid, and also through all other gates and turnpikes whereat the said tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a note or ticket denoting, the payment of such toll; which notes or tickets the colledors of the said tolls are hereby required to give.gratis on receipt of such tolls.

Commiffion- . LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enaded. That the said ers may leafe, commissioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon ten &c* the tolls* days notice being given in the London Gazette, to lease or farm by>the year the tolls by this ad granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or perfons, at of for the larged yearly ^  fumathat  can  be  got for the fame, provided that such lettings

or agreements be made in writing, and (igned by the person or persons taking or farming any such tolls, and by the (aid commissioners letting the fame, and be not made for more than three years at a time, and that the money that (hall be fo agreed to be paid for the said tolls (hall be made payable, and (hall be paid to the chamberlain of jthe said city for the time being, by quarterly payments, and that the person or persons to whom the fame (hall be fo lett (hall always pay one quarter's pay in advance : and if any letting or agreement for letting the (aid tolls, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be made, and any default (hall be made in paying the money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this ad; then every such letting and agreement

(hall

. Anno odwoGjEOROllIH; C.\2 r.  6$

(hall be void, and the perfcoe* jperfens to whom the fiu4 tolls (hall be lett (hall be liable to account for the lame, and te have the fame levied and recovered upon ahd of him or them, ia-the fame manner as is by this aft directed for the accounting for the (aid tolls by the coUeftors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and of them.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the autho- Commiffion-rity aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for thcf^”*^^. •faid commiffioners, at any time or times, by any writing or ^ writings under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint such perion or peslons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said respective tolls, as they (hall think fit; and all per(bns by this aft made liable to pay the said tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame to such receiver or receivers, collector or colleftors, as aforesaid t end all such receivers and collectors (hall refpeftivcly pay the fame into the office of the chamberlain of the (aid city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and reftrifttone, as are herein be- ■ fore exprefled, of and concerning the collecting and paying the rates and aflbffinents aforefaid; and (hall also upon oath, if officei* teW-thereunto required by the (aid commiffionprs constituted by this ceent upon aft, (which oath the said commissioners am hereby authorized oatb* and impowered to adminifter) from time to time give unto the said commiffioners, or to such person or persons as they (had. appoint for that purpose, a true, exaft, 'and perfect account its writing, under their respective hands, of all monies which they, and every or any of them, (hall to foch time have received by virtue of this aft; and if such receiver or collector (hall not Officers retail make and render, or (hall refuse to verify upon oath, anyfuch inKt0 ac* account, or to make payment as aforefaid; then, or in either count* of such cafes, it (hall be lawful to or for one or foate juftipe or justices of the peace; and fetch jufticeor indices, upon com- jaftice* to en-plaint to him or them .made, is and am hereby authorized and quire jnto the required to make enquiry concerning such default, as wcH by default, confession of the parry, as by the teftunony of any credible witness or witnefies, upon oath (which oath hub jufticeor justices is and ate hereby impowered and required to adminifter, . without fee or reward^; and if any such receiver or collector (hall be convicted of auyor cither of the offences aforesaid, such justice or justices (hpb commit every such offender to the com- aB£j conbnit ‘ mon gaol, without :bail or mainprize, until he (hall; give or knake the offender, a true and perfect account and payment as aforeiud, or until untft payment he (ha(l have compounded with die said commissioners copfti-tuted by this aft, and fhqll have paid (uoh campofition-iu fetch manner-as they (hall appoint, which cpmpofitkm the (hid eom-mifti oners are hereby impowered to make; and the fapd com- commiflion-tniffioners (hall and aqay, outof the monies anting by the (aid <ra to allow of. tolls, or otherveife, make such allowance unto their receivers and ficers&laries, colleftors, and aH other peefons to be employed by or finder .the said commiffionem in the.execution of this aft, for their case Voft.XXV]fL .  F  and

6$  ' Anno octavo GeorghIII. c.21.  ~  [1767;

•and pains In-their respective offices, as the said commissioners (hall think fit and reaionable.

For firming . LXXXIX. And it is hereby further ena<9ed, That it (hall the tolls* Land may be lawful to and for the commissioners of any one of ♦the (aid turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commissioners of each of the said turnpikes, at any of < •'  their putdick meetings, to treat and agree with the commiffion-

ers constituted by this alt, for the taking or farming any of the said tolls*

Tolls may be ' XC. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That the said com-affigned for miffioners may, and they are hereby impowered, to borrow and money bor- take up at intereft, any sum or sums of money upon,the credit rowed, 0f tjje tous  by virtue of this alt, and to assign over the

fame, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and foals, the charges of such alignments and con-•veyarices to be paid out of such tolls refpeltively, to any person or persons who (hall advance or lend their money thereon, as a , security or securities for the several sums which (hall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforefaid: and copies of all such AJKfehments alignments and conveyances (hall be entered in a book or bopks to blentered to. be kept for that purpose by the clerk for the time being of in a book** the said commiffioners; and all and every person and perfons,* to whom such alignments (hall be made, are hereby impowered,. from time to time^ to assign and transfer their right and intereft, by indorsement on the back of their fecurities, in like manner and form, as the securities for the monies borrowed on the rates and afteffinents to be made and fevied by virtue of this , alt, are before directed to be assigned and transferred ; and all - * such assignments and transfers (hall be produced, notified* and entered, in like manner as is before defcribed, with refpelt to the producing, notification, and entry, of the assignments and ^  transfers of the securities .for such rates and afteffinents ; and it

(hall not be in the power of any person who (hall have made « - any assignment or transfer of their fecurities, on the said tolls, to make void or discharge the fame, or any money due thereon ; •and no person or persons advancing any sums of money on the .credit of.the said tolls, (hall be intitkd to any preference with All creditors *xefpe& to the priority of advancing any such sum or fums; but deemed equal .all perfons, to whom any mortgages or assignments (hall be in dcgrep.*" made as aforesaid, (hall be creditors in equal degree one with another,, in proportion to the sums therein mentioned.

Penalty on XCI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person ' forcibly pa(T- or persons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or Dafs with any horfe, fog through beaft, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is by the gate?, &c..vjrtue 0f this a§ to paid, without paying such toll, or pro-• educing a note or ticket as aforesaid, at such turnpike, or (hall «  ‘knowingly or defignedly, afiault, interrupt, or obftrult, any or

-  y  either of the collectors or persons employed in the collelting or

itceiving any or either of the said tolls, in the execution of his or giving or /or tbfeirrefpeltive office*or offices; or (hall .forge* counterfeit, leceiviiig or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from* any other person or tickets, «c*  perfons.

ijSy.y Annq o&ftvc* Georgii IIL c* 21/  67

perfons, any hote or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of to avoid pay-any or either of the said tolls, or any part thereof 5 every perfon, of fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay thet0 sum of forty (hillings, over and betides such damage? and pu-nilhments as they and every of them respectively (hall be liable to by law ; and it. (hall and may be lawful to and for the said receivers or colledtors, and for every of them, arid all other persons required by them, to assist in that refpedt, to seize any • horse or horfes, cattle, or goods, belonging to, or in the po(-feffiori, or under the care of, any person or persons fo offending in the premises, and to take such offenders before any justice of the peace, and before to make complaint ot such of* fence or offences; and such justice may and i9 hereby required toenquire into'the fame, as well by examination of the party or. parties, as by the teftitnbny of any credible witnefe or witneftes, upon oath (which oath such jufticeis hereby impowered.to ad-minifter, without fee or reward) and, if the said justice (hall fee caufe, to convidt the party or parties complained of. in the pe- , nalty aforefeid ; and for non-payment thereof, and of the tolls that (hall be due (though the fame (hall not be demanded). by warrant under his hand and feal, to cause the said horse or horfes, cattle, or goods, to be fold for payment of the faid: tolls and penalties ; and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such fale, rendering the overplus (if any there (hall be) to the owner or owners of the said horse or horfes, cattle, orgoods, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whole pof-feffion, they respectively were fo seized as-aforefeid; and if no such seizure as aforesaid Can or (hall be made, then the .afore-faid ^penalty and tolls (hall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, as herein after mentioned: 1 and moreover, it (hall and may be lawful for any of the col- Perfons a£ leCtors of the rates hereby granted, or other .officer, to be ap- faulting, &c. pointed by virtue of this adt, who (hall be affimlted, obftruCted, they are im^* or interrupted, in the execution of any of their respective offices, powered to ~ and for every of them, and all other persons required by them take them be* to assist in that refpect, to take such offender before any justice fa* a justice of the peace, who is hereby required to inquire into the feme in of thc P*acc# manner as above directed, and, if be (hall fee caufe, to convidt the party or parties complained of in the penalty last mentioned, to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed*  *  •  %

XCII. And it is hereby further enadted, That all the monies All monies to be railed by virtue of this adt (hall be, and the feme are here- railed by vir* by, veiled in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens oftu®'oftew aff the said city, and (hall be applied to the purposes of this adt,  *

-and to and for no other ufeor purpose whatfoever..  commonalty

XCIIL Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, and citizens. That the charges and expences of procuring and paffirig this Charges of adk (hall be paid out of the first monies which (hall be-railed by th\ virtue thereof.  £*,howtobe

. XCIV. Provided alfo^nd it is hereby further enacted by the ^ri j.  to

authority aforoftid, That no nomination, contra#, bond, war- be without . .  Fit  rant,fteropt.

Gt

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Gsoisniflt.  1X767*

Vaftt, judgement, or'otUtfr Writing whatsoever, tinder the hand and feal, or hands and feals, or only sighed by any CMhmttBdn-er or commissioners couftituted by this alt, or hny justice or Radices of the peace, or exhibited before aciy of them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and fiats, or only signed by any other person or perfohs whartbever, relating to the execution of this alt, (hall be “chargeable With any duty whatsoever.

XCV. Atid it is hereby further-charted by the authority a-forefaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this alt imposed (the manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly dire&cd) (hall be recovered and levied by distress and sale ot the offender** goods and chattels, by warrant tinder the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any one or more Juftice or justices of die peace of the city or place where the offence (hall be committed, or the offender found; which warrant such justice or justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the confelfion of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible wfehefe or witnefles, upon oath, (which oath stich justice or justices is fend ate hereby i hi powered to adtninifter 5) and the penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party Or parties Whofe goods and chattels (hall be fo distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and' sale being drft deduced) (hall be paid tb the Chathberfain of the (aid city for the'time being, und'be applied the one half to the informer, and the other half towards the porpofes of this alt; and in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for arty such justice or justices to com-thit focn offender to any prifeh of the city Or place within his Or their juriftrltion, without tftil or mainprhje, for any fpaoe of time not exceeding thirty days; nor less than ten days; and in cafes where the penalties -and forfeitures hereby inflicted for any offence contrary to this alt (hall not exceed the (urn of forty (hillings, such offences (hall be beard and determined by the commftnonersito a futtVnttTy way.

XCVi: And iris hereby'farther enailed, That no proceed-fog to; be hftd touching'.the ■eonviltkm of any offender or of* wantof form  egaieXt  this  a&, :ordife order made, erorher mutter or

thing to be ddne'br traWftltei, inor relating to the execution of this alt, (hall be vacated'or waafhed for wadt of form ; any law or ftahfte to the contrary H«tw$(iMti(Hding.

XCVII. Andit is'hereby Writer halted, ThwnoaAionor fait (hall be 'cemfoenced 'sgalwft aoy pctfon or persons for any thing done in •purfitanfoe of (his'klt until Mretey one clear days notice (hall be thereof given, inwriring, to‘«ns chirk forthe tithe being of the comfhmionerrcoAfthmed by this oil,’ or after sufficient fatisft&ion or tender “thereof hath been mode to'fft'e party or parties aggrieved, or ftftfer fix<alenchr>i*ttRfts:rfe«* after the fait committed for which such altion or a&ions, fuit or fobs, thsll befo brought, andwely (iichuAion ffitdl btf-bfought, laid, -and trted, in »he ‘Ckyor'<»wrty’Wliwu««he oMfrvf«&fce> Hwll

*  arife.

Phjceedfngs not to.be

Limitation Of actions.

1767.} APQP bftayo G$9RGH HI. C.2ii  <0$

arife, and not. eliewbere; and that the.defcndant or defendants in such scions of frits, andpvpry of them, may plead the general General iflue. Iflue, *pd giye this aft and the (peciaj matter, io evidence, at any trial or trials which (hall bp had thereupon, and that them at ter or thi.ng.fry which frch aftiop or aftions* frit or frits, frail be lb brotnght was done in purfrance and by the authority of this ad.: and if thy said matter or thing frail appear to have been lb done, or if it (hall appear that such action or frit was brought before twenty one clear days notice given as aforelaid, or that sufficient frtisfaftipn was made or tendered as aforelaid, or if any. frch action or frit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purppfe limited, or frail be laid in any other county or place than sis stfotefaid. i then the jury or juries (ball find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in frch action or aftions, frit or frits, frail become nonfuited, or suffer a difcpntinuance of frch action or adions, or if judgement (hall , be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cafes aforelaid, frph defendant or defendants (ball have treble colls, and (hall have such remedy for recovering the Treble coSs. fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cafes by law.

XCVHI. And it is hereby further cnaded and declared. That  a£t*

immediately after the several authorities, powers, and pn>vifion$,.6 Geo. 1. herein before given or granted, eftajhlifred, declared, and provided, 1 (hall commence and take effect refpeftively, for the pur-pofes of paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the said city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purposes of this a<51, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, the said aft made in the sixth year of his prelent Majesty’s reign, for the better ■paving, dean ling, and ealightening, the city of London, and the •liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned, ex-r cept as afbrefaid, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en- n0 appoint-afted, That nothing herein contained (ball extend, or be con- ment of of-(trued to-extend, to make void the appointment of any officers fibers, or other already appointed by virtue of the said aft hereby repealed 5 or.{”^*'^1^. to make void any other proceeding already had or commenced ^te<] aft, &c. .by virtue of, and under the authority of the said aft; or to pre- to be made vent the compleatingpf any such proceedings; but that the said vo’d under commissioners conffitutcd by this aft (hall and may carry into tb“ execution, and com pleat all frch proceedings commenced under - the laid aft. hereby repealed, in the like manner as if the fame bad been commenced under and by virtue of this aft.

C. Provided alio, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Repeals aft* That nothing ua this aft contained (hall extend, or be construed ** & *} Car. to extend, to revive fo mulch of the said aft made ip the twenty *• feoond and twenty third years the reign of the late King Cbarlti the Second, or of an aft made in the second year .of the ,  &  M.

reign of thftr late xnajefrwe Kin gWiiliam and .Queen Mary, as

F 3  relates

7<>  .Anno octavo Georgii lit-C.4».  (1767J

relates to the paving'and clea'nfing the streets In the said city of London, and to the preventing of nuisances and obstructions wjthin the fame ; or fo much of an ad made in the tenth year so Geo, i. 0f the reigtf of his late majesty King George the Second,* as relates to the paving the said ftreets; or to revive the laid aft made *7 Geo, i, in the seventeenth year of the reign of his latfc majesty King George the Second, or any of the powers, provifions, claufes, and .matters, therein respectively contained; or to revive fo much and 33 Geo.t. of an ad made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said , - late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the repairing and relaying such pavement in the said city as (hall be damaged by the breaking up of the fame to amend and relay any water pipes; but the fame (hall remain, and they are hereby declared t5 be respectively repealed and made void.

Publick aft. CL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatfoever, without (pedal-ly pleading the fame,

CAP’ XXII.

An aft for the more easy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures irtflifted by the afts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the Britifli colonies and plantations in America.

Preamble, re- \X/HERE AS by an a ft made in the fourth year ofbisprefent citing ciaufes V V fyajtfty's reign, intituled. An act for granting certain da-in aft*Geo.3. ties in the Britijh colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual,an adpafled in thelixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George,the Second, inti* tuled. An aft for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majejlfs sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said ad, towards defraying the expences of defending, proteding, and fe-cuting, the said colonies and plantations $ for explaining an ad made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland 0#</Eaftland trades, and far the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the dan-deftine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the : fame and Great Britain; it was enacted and declared. That all the forfeitures and penalties inflicted by that or any other a ft.or afts of parliament, relating, to the trade and revenues of the Britifli colonies or plantations in America, which Jhould be incurred there, Jhouldand might be profecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in. the said colonies or plantations where such offence Jhould be' committed, or in any court of viee-admirahy . which might or Jhould be appointed ever all America $ which court

J Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 23J •.  yi

\ of admiralty^ or vice-admiralty^^ were thereby rtfpeftively authorized • and required to proceed*, bear, and determine the fame, at the election of the informer or profecutof : and whereas prosecutions and suits for ' recovery of forfeitures and penalties, inflihea by any aft or afts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the said colonies or plantations, in one court only of vice-admiralty over all America, : may* in many cafes, by reason of the dijlance of the places where the cause of such suits and projections Jkall arise from the place where such court is or JbaU be ejlablijbed, be attended with great inconvenience 5 may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enadt- ,

| ed; and be it ena'dted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by ! and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-| poral, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and ' by the authority of the fame, That from and- after the first day After 1 Sept, of September, one {houfand seven hundred and sixty eight, all the pe-forfeitures and penalties mflidted by any»ad or acts of parlia-ment relating to the trade or revenues of the Britijh colonies or relating to the plantations in America, may be profecuted, sued for, and re-trade or reve-covered, in any court of vice-kdmiralty appointed, or to be ap- tb.c pointed, and which (hall have jurifdidtkm withinthe colony,.nicsorplanl plantation, or place, where the cause of such prosecution or Animations in A*, lhall have arifenr.  mcrica, may

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be sued for That in all cafes where any prosecution or fuit (hall bd com-menced and determined for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by of vice admi-any such adt or adls of parliament, in any court of admiralty in ralty within the respective colony or plantation where the offence (hall'be the colony j committed, either party who (hall think himself aggrieved by -aggneveTby such determination may appeal from such determination, to any the determi-court of vice-admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, and which nation of such (hall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, or place * court, may which court of vice-admiralty is hereby authorized and required aPPc .  .  ^

to proceed, hear, and determine, all such fqits, profecutions, and appeals; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.  ,

CAP, XXIII.

An act to repeal fo much of an aft made in the fourth year of bis present Majesty, as aftefts the ijlands of Guernfey and Jerley, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said ijlands under certain re-fttiftions and regulations \ and for continuing an aft made in the thirty third year of bis late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain.

THERE AS by a clauft in an aft of parliament made in the Preamble, re.

VV fourth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An citing clause adt for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out 0f wt4G*Q«l the sinking fund, for the lervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for preventing, in certain cafes,

•  F 4  the

Anftd 6&avd Gt6tt<3li 111. C. 4 J. * [1767*

ttte bbHrihing of allowances kt itfped of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom; add for making forth duplicates of cfccbteqttet hills, tickets, receipts,Annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or othertoiffe dfeftroyedj it is enafttd) That from and af ter the first day of May, edit thbufotid fevik hundred arid fortyfour, no merchant shall be allowed twelve per centum, or hone any amwance. for leakage tipon any wine imported into tbit kingdoms mkfsfoch Wine be imported direflly from the country or place of the growth of the said wine, or the iifoal port or place of it9s first /hipping (except as therein excepted:) And whereas it bath been found that great loft From and af- dffi detriment hath accrued to the inhabitants of the ijlands of Guern-ter 15 May, fey and Jerfey, by reason of such reftriStion; may it therefore-1768, the re- please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted  I

fofora*it * ^y the King’s most excellent Majetty, by and with the advice  |

affe&ft the  consent  bf  the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

iflands of  in this present parliament aflfeffcbled, and by the authority of the

Guernsey and fame, That from aftd after the twenty fifth day of March, oft* ^ani tW1th ^ufahd seven huhdrbd and sixty eight, the faid-el&ufe, fo far as leakage of * the farme aflfc&s the islands of (Suernfey^itid Jerfey* with regard 1 wines, re- to the allowance on leakage of wines imported from the said peeled; islands into this kingdom, mall be repealed.

provided a II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by j proper certi- the authority aforefeid, That ho person or perfens (hall be in-ficate on oath, titled to any allowance on wines imported into <his kingdom  |

to th°Taula- ^rom ^ ^an<^s> unless certificate, on oath, made before the  |

tionslherl11 * magiftates of the royal courts, or any thTee of them, <h*H be  |

mentioned, be produced before tree colle&or, or other proper officer of the  ,

produced be- customs at the port where such wines (hall he landed in Great ^©ficw at Br*tain> w^ich oath is to be taken by the (hipper of the wines 1 the port of hn- at  islands aforesaid, or either of them, certifying the name bf

portation in the vessel in which such wines are (hipped, the name of the Great Britain. master or commander thereof, and the number and quality of calks fo (hipped, with the marks thereon, and that such wines ,  have received :no mixture since their landing at the said iflands,'

or either of them, except such mixture only as is ufual-and ne-ceflfary for clearing and forcing such wines, and that such wines have been imported Into the said iflands, or one of them, in Britijh bottoms only, unless in time of actual war; and the said wines are, at the time of (hipping at the islands aforesaid, or either of them, the property of Britijh ftfbjedts only.

Where wines MI* Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no ibail be im- Vines from such countries where Britijh conftils,refide, (hall be ported into the jntitled .to any allowance for leakage on wines imported into find islands th;s kingdom from either of.thft said iflands, unless a certificate, trie? where under the hand and feal of the Britijh consul refidi'ng in the coun-Britifli consuls try where such wines (hall be first (hipped, (hall have been pro-are refideht, duced at the time of the importation into the said iflands, or ei-eeroficates * therofthem, before the royal courts there, and tfhall have ’been fror^them, regiftened in the fame, teflifyifigthat such wines were (hipped and produced Tor the said iflands, orone Of them, in Britijh bottoms, uhlefs at the court* in tithe of a&iial war, and that the feme ere tbeprdpefty of Brh

1

1767*] Auflo oAavo G*orgh III. c. 24,25.  73

/4ft fabje&S only, (pecifjring the name of the vessel in which filch»«the . wine* were (hipped, and the name of the matter or commander )wntd'| thereof, and alio the quantity of such wines; which certificate, them to the indorsed by the maonrates of the royal courts, or any three of allowance for them, (hall be tranlmitted to the collector, or other proper of- leakage, &c. freer of the cuftoms, at the port where such wines (hall be landed in this kingdom.

IV.  Provided always. That in cafe such wines (hall be im- if focb wines ported from the laid iflands, or either of them, into this king- be imported dom, in different parcels, the laid certificate (hall accompany the ,er<“* first parcel of such wines fo imported; and with regard to the remainder of such quantities to be impoited in any subsequent j, w accom. parcel or parcels, the fame (hall be certified by the fhipper of pany the first such wines, upon oath made before the royal court of the island Parccl* *pd -; from whence such wines (hall be imported, testifying the fame

to be part of the wine contained in the said certificate from the [1 ^ dipper, British conful, and declaring what quantities and parcels of the 7 lame have been (hipped, in wbat vettels, and to what ports, with the quantity the (aid different parcels fo (hipped amount to.

V.  And be it fiarther enabled by die authority aforelaid. That Aft 33 Geo,*, an aA made in the thirty third yearof the reign of his late Ma-

jefty Kim Gorge the Second, intitled. An a£t to continue an aSt made in the twelfth year of the reign ef her hue majesty $>veeri Anne,. entitled. An aSt for the better encouragement off the making of £ut doth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand (even hundred and fluty (even, ana from thence to the end of the then next session Of parliament, (hall be, and the (atne is hereby further further con-continued, from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth tinned to *9 day of September, one thousand (even hundred and seventy (bur, Sci*t* '77«* and from thence to the end of the then next (effion of parliament.

. CAP. XXIV.

An act to permit the exportation of certain qnantitiee of mak belonging to certain merchant* in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thoufimd seven hundred and sixty fix, and the palling the aft of the last session for prohibiting the exportation of malt.

Preamble, reciting clauses in aft 6 Geo. 3. and 7 Geo. 3. and S Geo. 3.

Merchants of Wells impowered to export to Holland (too quarter* of

long malt now lying in the King’* llorehoules, on or before * June, *76!,  ■<

which «*a* declared and entered tor exportation on or before 16 Dec. 1766}

the exporters giving security | and the proprietors are thereupon dilcharg.

ed from all penalties in respect thereof.

CAP. XXV.

An a& fur reducing the duties on foul fait to be ufei for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of ajfurance; for amending fo much of an a£l made in the thirty third year of the reign of bis late majesty "King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties tf cuftoms, and exemptingfrm the duties of excise such

rum

Anno odavo Georgii III c. 25'  [1767*-

rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, as (hall be exported from this kingdom*, for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported \ for repealing a clause in an ail made in the last fejjion of parliament, prohibiting thefale of condemned tea for home confumption; for amending such parts of two ails made in the jixtb and seventh years of the reign of bis present Majefly, as relate to the depoji* ting, in the wareboufes belonging to . the euftom-bouft at London, foreign wrought Jtlks and velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the feizure'thereof

Preamble,.  TT7HERE AS all white felt, the product or manufacture  of the

V V kingdom ^/England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, is, by several aits of parliament, charged and chargeable with the payment of three (killings and four pence a bujbel duty, at the rate of fifty fix pounds weight to the bujbel, and no more, to be paid, or fecuredjo be paid, by. the makers or proprietors thereof, before the fame'can be removed from the fait works where the fame is made: And whereas, in the manufacturing such white fait, confider-able quantities of foul fait, called by the several names of grey or fcrow fait, fait fcdle, sand fcale, or crufiings, are necejfarily produced, which cannot be applied to the curing of provifions, nor can the fame be removed from the [aid fait works, as the laws now (land, without thek payment of the said duty of three (hillings and four pence a bujbel, which is confider ably more them the value thereof; and it is apprehended Jhat the said foul fait may be a ufeful, manure and very beneficial in agriculture, in. cafe the fame were charged and chargeable with only a small duty 5 may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords, fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Prom 1 May, aftembled; and by the authority of the fame. That from and 1768, all foul after the £rft day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fix-faltat the fait ty eight, all grey or ferow fait, fait fcale, sand fcale, and cruft-STargeabte mgs or other foul fait whatfoever, already produced, or here- ' with a duty of afte/ to be produced, at any of theTaid (alt works, (hall he charge #d. per bushel ed and chargeable with the payment of a duty of four pence a •“ty*  bushel  only, at the rate of fifty fix pounds weight to the bulhcl,

to be paid in ready money, without any allowance for difeount on prompt payment, or allowance for waste of fait carried coaft-wife, by the makers, or proprietors thereof, before the fame (hall v be removed from the fait works where the fame has been, or hereafter (hall be, produced or made; which said duty ihall he Duty to fee un* un<jer the care and directipn of the commissioners for the re-m^ffionerTaiid ce*Pt> management, and government, of the duties on fait, ap-officers for the.pointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, and of the officers for fait dutiesj&c. the said duties on fait for the time being, in the fame manner as the duties op fait now are managed, levied, collected, or yeceiv-••

1767*] Anno odavo GEORGirlll. c.25*  75

ed ; and (hall be paid and applied in inch manner as the duties now payable on such foul fait are paid and applied.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, That Notice to be from and after the -laid firftdayof May, one thousand seven giwntothe hundred and sixty eight, no fucn foul (alt (hall be delivered by |£°Pfer

the maker or proprietor from any- fait work or works without ry ofany such notice first given to the officer appointed, for that purpose; nor Alt;

(hall any carrier, or other person or persons whatfoever, remove, and entry to carry, or convey, any such foul fait without due entry of the bemadetbere-fame, and payment of the duties hereby imposed thereon, or  of*t2e

without a warrant or permit for carrying the fame, under such  amj a

pains and penalties as are mentioned and contained in the ads permit ob-of parliament relating to fait, or any of them; to be levied, rc- tained, &c. covered, and diftributed, by such ways and means, and in fiich manner and form, as the duties on fait were thereby appointed . to be levied, recovered, and diftributed.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, g0].

That if any person or persons (hall, after such foul fait has been on employing removed from any fait work or works, ufe, employ, or confume, the-Aid alt the fame for any other purposes whatsoever than for the manur-to ing of land as afbrefaid; he, (he, or they, for every offence, that’ofma' (hall forfeit and pay the sum of sixty pounds; one third part nure. thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; and the remainder thereof to such person or persons who (hall inform or -  •

fue for the fame; which laid laft-mentioned penalty and forfeiture (hall be recovered and levied in such manner and form, and -with fiich power of mitigation, as any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by action of-debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler; wherein no efibin, protection, or privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.  '

IV.  And whereas by an oli made in the lajt ftffien of parliament, Recftil of intituled, An act for altering the damp duties upon policies of c**^**‘ *° affurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect jteriogtbe* of the prompt payment of the damp duties on licences for retail- fttmp duties ing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for explaining upon policies and amending several ads of parliament, relating to hackney °f affurance^ coaches, and chairs, after reciting that by an a£i made in the fifth

year ef his present Majefiy’s reign, intituled. An act for altering the damp duties upon admissions into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain; it was, among ether things, enafted. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousandjeven hundred andfixty five. If the properties of more than one person in any flap, cargo, or both, or of more than a particular number of persons in general part-nerjhip, or ef more than one body politic or corporate, to a greater amount in the whole than the sum of one hundred pounds, in anyjbip, cargo, or both, be assured on the fame policy, fucb policy should be void, and the premium paid thereon remain the property of the ajfurer\  ,

with a proviso that itjhould and might Jbe lawful to offure, or caufe

76  AnnQ  o£Uvo  Georsh  IH.  •  £  1767.

f* S^rW) *& properties of any, number of parfbnswhatformer, in any jhip, cargo* or both* by one policy JkmpM with fine frapp* of five Jbi&ngs each.; any thing therein contained: to the contrary not-withfianding \ and after reciting- thatfucb part of the find aft as be* fore recited, had been found very inconvenient to merchants, traders, and others r refuting; out of the kingdom, and injurious to the cam-. mental dealings thereof; it was enabled {among, other'things) That from and after tbefirfl day. of Auguft, one thousand /even hundred and sixty Jeven% it Jhould and might be lawful to ajfure, or caufie to he affured, the properties of any number of persons whatfoever, in any firipy cargo, or bothy to the amount of any fumy net exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds, by a policy fidmped with aflamp . . _  of five Jhillings; and that it Jhould and might be lawful to affure, or

eaufe to be qffured, the properties of any number of persons whatfbaver, in any Jhip, cargo, or bothy to the amount of any sum whatfoever, by one policy Jlamped with two damps of five jhillings each; and that every policy foJlamped, Jbould be good, valid, and effedual, to all in-tents and purposes whatsoever % my thing in the fund recited aft of the fifth year of his prejont moiefifs reign, or any former aft to the contrary notwUbfranding; with a provifo, that if any rifqueov ad~ venture, dtftinft from the rifqup or adventure mentioned in the origin ml policy, and Upon which any further premium should be given, Jbould be, by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to any fucb original policy, such additional affurame should be void, and the premium paid thereon should remain the property of theajfurer, audit was there-by further enabled. That if any person or persons Jbould be sued or pro-fecuted under and by virtue of the said aft, fur the assuring the prok perties of any number of persons whatsoever in any Jhip, cargo, or both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand pounds, h a policy Jlamped with a Jlatnp of five Jhillings only \ then, and in fucb cafe, the proof as. to the amount or. value fo offered Jboifid He on the person or persons that Jhould be fo sued or profecuied, and not on the person or persons who Jhould sue $r projectile: And whereas a doubt has art fen, whether the property of a single perfon, to any amount, required more iST  hftomp  of  five  jhillings: therefore, be it enafied by the au«

eves, whereby thority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one property, to thou sand feyen hundred and sixty eight, all policies of assurance theappunt by which the property of one perfon, or of a particular number Perfcw> w one general partner (hip, or of one body politic or fured,' are to corporate, in any (hip, or cargo, or both, (hall be allured to the have two 5$. amount of more than one thousand pounds, (hall be stamped ft amps, See.  with two five (hilling (lamps 5 and that every fiuch policy, which

(hall not he fo damped, (hall be void) and the premium paid Perfons sued thereon (hall remain the property of the adorer, for affiiring V. And be it further declared and enabled by the authority Too^ pro- *forefa»d, That if any person or persons (hall be sued or property, by a feouted under and by virtue of this ad, for adoring the property policy with a of one perfo.n, or of a particular number of persons in one gene-5 s. (lamps partnerftiip, or of one body politic or corporate, in any (hip, or ony’  .cargo, or both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand

are to prove pounds, by ,a policy damped with a .damp of five Shillings only; the amount  and  in  fucli  cafe* the proof as to the amount or value fo

affurqd

r/CyJ] Anno dflarvh GeorsU HI. c. «$.'\

allured (toll lie on tfce peffen orperfo«s thafcflurilhe (b leed or or*atue 46 . profccuted,. and not on the person or perfbns who ihafl foe or profecote.

VI.  Provided always, That ifamy riftpje or adventure distinct And any ad-from the riftfue or adventure, mentioned in the original policy, ditirtial stand upon tvhioh any farther premium (hall‘be given, (hall be,

by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to any cy,8wh«rethe foch original policy, such additional anurance (hall be void, and nfque a dif-fhe premium paid thereoti (hall remain the property of the af- tina there-furer.  from,

VII.  And whereas by an all made in the thirty third year of the pJemiunTfs^ reignof his Idte mdjefty King George the Second, intituled, An. a61 given, is to be for encouraging the exportation ofrum and spirits Of the growth, only damped produce, and manufacture, of tht Bfitijb sugar plantations from alfo>

this'kingdom; and tjf British Spirits made from nfeltflbs; it is, Recital of , fansongfi other thikgs) enalttd, That upon the exportation of rum or daufes in aft spirits of the growth, produce, and manufaUure, of the BritMh^Sgitr plantations in America, from ftm kingdom as merchandize, there exportation /hall he an allowance of-allrhe duties of tufim payabie vtpon the impor- of rum and tatiOh'dffteb nans or fpirits, and that the famefhaUbe freed and fpint* of th® HftMrgod ftm ad duties of exiife in fitch manner as therein is di- ®nt'^ relied-, but by the find OS, it is further enacted and required. That ^ all such rum or spirits fo-io be exported/hall be proof fpirits, and that the fame /had ie certified by the proper officers to be proof fpirits, before the bonds given for fimring and paying the duties of excise upon, the importation affitcb rum or Jpirkscanbe delivered up: And whereas great part if the rum or spirits of the growth, produce, andmanu-faliure, of the British sugar plantations* imported into this kingdom for exportation as merchandize, are not prof fpirits; and by reason thereof,-Und by the find refirillion in the before recited alt, the proprietor'of the find rstmdr spirits cannot, if on the exportation thereof, obtain the drawback of the tuftoms, or be freed or difibarged from the said duties sf exnfe whereby <the good- end prepefed by' the said recited From sj alt wiil be in-great meofure, if not totally,frufretted-, be it there- March, 17 s*, fore enofted by the authority aforeftid. That From and after the f® lPu5h °f thc twenty fifth -day of March, one thoufimdfe ven hundred and fix- squires ibch ty eight, Yonauch of the find'reddedasaeqmres fbch ruin or ruJ, or rpirita (pints fo to be exported to be preof (pints, and to be certified lb fo to be expor-to be, (hall be, undie-hereby repealed and made null and void; ted,tobepioof -and that (ram thenceforth, upon exportation of rum or spirits {^^ified as of the growth, produce, and mmtifa&ure, of the Briti/h sugar fUch,is re-ptantathoot, from this kingdom us merchandize, under-the roles, pealed; reftri&ions, and regulations, by - the said recited alt established and upon the and referred to (atuhiutt bercbyrepesrled) there (hall .be an ai- drawback is* lowance or drawbatk of -all rite duties at cultoms payable upon to be allowed the importation thereof, and - such rum or (pints (hail be freed of all the du-and difchargedfrotn-ull- duties «f exdfe, though the fame (hall ties payable not be proof (pints; any *thing in the Aid recited -aft to the ^,"^011'm* .contrary notuutitftahdrng.  thereof.

Vitl. Andwheroasbym all-pqffiiin the thirty firfl- year of the  .

reignJof isis•mafifiydSng-Qanugovbu-Stcnd, inttoukd, An-iitt for

COO-

78  Anno  octavo  Gbqkgii III. ©. 25.  [1767.

si Gco. *. re- continuing* certain lawsthereiri mentioned relating to British Met* Ml doth,' and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth ; and. paymeatef to t^e .allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpow-tte dudes on der; and to the encouragement 6f the trade of the sugar colo-fbreign excife. nies in America \ and to the landing of rum or spirits of the Bri-?w*%“or#  tijb fugjfr plantations before the duties of excise are paid there-

imported.  pn. an<j for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign ex-

cifeable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Wharton, with rc-' gard to the drawback on certain East India callicoes ; and for rendering more commodious the new pafiage leading from Charing Crojs; it was enacted, amongst other things, That from and after tVe fifth day of July, one thoufond ftven hundred and fifty eight, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of any kind of foreign liquors liable to the dutiesjf excife, within thirty days next after the mafier or purser for that voyage of the/hip or vejfelwherein the . ,  said foreign excijeabie liquors, or any of them, Jhau be imported or

brought into the kingdom of Great Britain,^// have or ought to have made a just and true entry or report, upon oath, of the burthen, con- . tents, and loading, of fucb Jbtp or vtfil, in pursuance of the direction of the Jiatute made tn the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the rtigri of King Charles tbefecond, intituled, An ait for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty’s cuftoms, shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excife, in the port or place where such foreign excifeable liquors /ball bje imported, of all fucb foreign excifeable liquors on board fucb ship or vejfel belonging to fucb proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers 5 and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the duties of excise due and payable for and in refpeCl of the said foreign exifeatne liquors, and land the fame, on pain to forfeit for every negleCi or refusal to make due entry or pay-meat, or to land thefame, according to the directions of this aCt, allfucb foreign excifeable liquors, with the cajks and package wherein the fame shall be contained on board such Jbtp or vejfel belonging to fucb proprie- | tor or proprietors, importer or importers, of the fame, fo neglecting or refufing, which shall and may befeized by any officer or officers of the excifej and that all feizufes to be made in pursuance of the JaidxCiJhall he .applied, {the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being firfi deducted) one moiety to and for the use of bis Majefly, bis beirs, and fuccejfors; and the .other moiety to the feizer or^profecutor : And whereasfince the puffing of thefaid AC!, it frequently happens that foreign liquors liable to the duties of excise are imported into this kingdom, and duly reported, but the proprietor or proprietors, importer or , importers, or the persons to whom configned, under pretence that the said foreign liquors are much under proof, or for other pretences, neg-leCl or refuje to make due entry or payment, .or.to land the fame, according to the directions of the find aCt,mdthe fame become forfeited: And whereas the said foreign liquors when condemned are fold dutyfree, whereby the value (f the moiety of the said forfeiture, which by the said act is given to. his Majesty, bis hejrs, and fuccejhrs, is much less than the duty that would have, artfen had the fame foreign liquors been duly landed ns they ought to have been; whereby many per-Jons are tempted to commit great frauds and abuses to the\ prejudice of ...  '  ~  his

1767.] Anno octavo Gbospii III. c. *5;  79

bis Ma)ejly*s revenue, and of the fair traders: for remedy thereof,be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the *5 twenty fifth day of March, one.thousand seven hundred and fix-ty eight, the refpeiHve commissioners of excise in England and qUOrt habjetp Scotland (hall, after condemnation, cause all such foreign liquors, the duties of liable to the duties of excife,'which (hall be seized for neglect or excife, and refufaV to make due entry or payment, or landing the fame, *°due0t within the thirty days, according to the directions of the said a<$, ^trvthereof, to be publickly (old to the bed bidder, at such places as the said Sec. are, after respective commissioners (hall think proper, for and towards condemn*^ satisfying the duties chargeable onimported foreign liquors liable i°ickit°^P?b* to the duties of excise $ and the qverplus (if any be) to be.ap- fatisfyl plied to and forNthe benefit of (he officer seising the lame: and ing the duties; in cafe the said foreign liquors, fo to be fold as aforesaid, (hall and the over-not be of value sufficient to fatisfy, or (hall barely fatisfy, the f*U8 *? 8° *? whole of the said duties of excife; then, and in such cafes, the [ng the^amc1*" officer making such seizure (hall be rewarded in such manger as But where the the said respective commissioners (hall think proper, such re- produce /hall ward not exceeding two (hillings per gallon, to be in lieu of all bcaomore, or other allowances; any law, ftatute, or provifion, to the contrary dubJs^thL* thereof in any wife not wi thftanding,  the officer is to

IX.  And whereas by an aft made in the loft session of parliament, be otherwise intituled, An adl for taking off the inland duty of one (hilling per rewarded, pound, weight upon all buck and finglo teas consumed in Great Recital of Britain; and for granting, a drawback upon the exportation of0*?^^® teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a U- feffion,%ejau mited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect ing to’the ex-thereof by the Epfi India company, as is therein mentioned j for portation of permitting the exportationof teas in smaller quantities than one condemned lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for pre- tca8t venting teas seized and condemned from being consumed id

Great Britain; it is, amongji other things, enafted. That all teas which shall be seized and condemned for being illegally imported, or. for any other cause shall not be fold for confumption.within this kingdom, but shall be exported to Ireland, or to the British colonies in America, under certain rejlriftions, in the said aft mentioned: And whereas the consumption of such teas in this kingdom will greatly reduce the price and value thereof, and thereby dijeourage the officers of . f the cujloms and excise from mating Jetzurys of such tea, and prosecuting thc railed thefame to condemnation, which will promote the illicit importation and aa, asprohi-fmuggling of tea into this kingdom, and be very prejudicial to the pub- bits the felling lie revenue and the fair trader: be it therefore enacted by the au- ^uc,b fe**cd thority aforefaid. That from and after the pafling or this a<$, cdt^Tfor111" such part of the (aid recited a<5- as prohibits the felling for con- borne consumption within this kingdom such seized and condemned teas, iismptkm,ls( (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, repealed. . repealed.

X.  And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the Jixth year of Recital of the reign of his profent Majejly, intituled. An a& to .prohibit the fes m importation.of foreign wrought silks and Velvets, for a limited 6 co# * time; and .for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the (ilk mwufa&ure; iV/j, amongji other things,

enaftedi

$b  Anna  octavo Georgii III. <5. *5:  [  1767;

tnaftei, Thatforthwith after the fetzure of any fncbforeign wrought fills or velvet, or other works made thereof or as fom after as conveniently may be, the fameJhall he font to, and deposited tn, one of the and 7/Geo. t, Kinfs wareboufes belonging to the euftom-houfe at London: And relating to the whereas by another ad! made in the lafi fijftm of parliament, intituled$ fending up to An act to amend and enforce the afts of the eighteenth, twenty London all firft, and thirty second years of thdreign of his late majesty King wrouahtrCign George the fecond, for the more effectual preventing the fraudu-filksor cam- *ent importation and wearing of cam bricks and French lawns; it bricks, &c. is, among/! other things, enafted, That forthwith after the fetzure of any fitch cambricks Or French lawns, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the fame shall be lent to, and depofted in, one of the Kings wareboufes belonging to the euftom-houfe at London: And whereas • * the fending all such goods to London, immediately after fetzure, when seized at an out-fort of this kingdom, is attended with great inconvenience to the officers making fueh fetzures, as %weU as to the owners and propietors of fueh goods, who live at remote distances from London ; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority afore-AJJMTuch laid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one from and af- thoufarid seven hundred and sixty eight, aH such wrought silks ter 25 March, and velvets, and other works made thereof, and aH cambricks 176s, to re- and French lawns, which have been seized in Great Britain, for many cause of forfeiture, (hall and may remain in any cuftom-wtoSwSs koufe watChoufe where they are or were depofited; and all such there depofu- as (hall be seized after the said twenty fifth day of March, (hall be edf  carried to, and deposited in, the next euftom-houfe, and (hall

and such as remain there until the feme (hall be legally condemned, unless . (hall be seized the commissioners of the customs for England or Scotland refpec-aftbr the laid tively (haH judge it necessary and expedient todireft such goods carried^to°the 10  amoved Toonerfrom thence: and after such goodsihall be j

next cuftom- condemned in due course of law, it (hall and may be lawful for ' houfe, and re- the said refpcftivecoimniffioners to cause such goods to be mark-main there til! or stamped in such manner as they (haH think proper, and 1 unkfeThe brought to any of the King“s warehouses belongmgto the cuftpm- I commiffion- . houses at London or Edinburgh refpeftively, to ne there fold for ers (hall direft exportation in the manner directed by the (aid afts of pariia-otherwife s mer herein before recited respectively relating thereto; any ^mation°n *king therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

they are to be marked, and brought to die King'* warehouses at London or JEdinburgb, and there fold for exportation,

XI/ And be It further enacted by the authority afocefakl. That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft.any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this aft, ihe de-fendant ordefendants in any such action or fuit, may plead the ge-Genemi uni* i^eral -iflue, and give this aft, arid the special matter, in evidence at .any trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme was done ■in pursuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it shaft appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant ordefendants: and if the plaintiff lhall’be nonfuited, or difcOntinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the,defendant or defendants

*• (hall

1767.] Annoo&avo Georgii III. c.26.  St

(hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law,

CAP. XXVI.

An all to enable bis Majesty tot make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other purpojes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS bis royal bighnefi George prince of Wales now Preamble.

ftands seised of the duchy of Cornwall, and the pojfeffions thereof: and whereas it is necejjary to enable his Majesty to grant offices, and to make leases and grants, by copy of court roll, of lands and hereditaments, parcel of the laid duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the minority of bis royal bigbnefi; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all leases and grants made, or to Leafes, and be made, by letters patent or indentures, under the feal of grams of of-Great Britain, or feal of the court of exchequer, or by copy of land?* court roll according to the custom of the refpfedtive manors, mentseiac-U* within seven years next enfuing, of any offices, mefluages, cording*^ the parks, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (other than honors, custom of the lordfhips, or manors) parcel1 of the possessions of the said duchy refpeftiv© ma-of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, (hall be good and effectual ne?ten-in law, according to the purport and contents of the fame Lingering*1" copies, leafes, and grants, against our sovereign lord the King, panel of the his heirs, and fucceflbrs, his royal highness George prince of duchy of Wales, and against all and every other person or persons who (hall, at any time hereafter, have, inherit, or enjoy, the said good duchy, by force of any ad of parliament, or by other limitation and valid, whatsoever.

II. Provided always. That every (uch lease or grant fo made, Reftnftions or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three lives,are limited, or for one and thirty years, or under, or for some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and if such leases or grants be made in reversion or expe&ancy. Conditions that then the fame, together with the estates in pofleffion, do with respect not exceed three lives, or the term <rf one and thirty years, orto thc said some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, ,ca °r and be not in any wife made difpunifhable of wafte; and fo gran as, upon every such lease or grant, there be, or (hall be, reserved the ancient or most usual rent or more, or such rent as hath been referved, yielded, or paid, for the fame lands or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leases or grants; and where no such rent hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every fueh leafe, there be, or (hall be, reserved a reasonable rent, not being under the twentieth part of the clear yearly value of the mef-fuages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments, con-.V01, XXVIII.  G  taincd

82  Anno  cxEtavo Georgii 111. c. 27J  [1767.

taincd in such lease or grant; and all leases and grants other-wife made, or to be made, (hall be null and void.

All cove- III.* And be it further ordained and enabled by the authority nons*’ a °d re" a^ore^a^i That all covenants, conditions, refervations, and fervations, &c. ot^cr agreements, contained in every leafe, grant, or copy of contained in court roll, made or to be made as aforesaid, (nail be good and every foch effectual in law; according to the words and contents of the ikc^eclared^ ^atne» as wc^ f°r and again# them to whom the reversions of as^good and ^ame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall come, as valid, 1 for and against them to whom the interest of the laid leafes, as if the Ena grants»or.coP>cs (hall comerefpeftively, as if our sovereign lord the were seised of King’s majefty, at the time of making such covenants, con-the fee-fimpje. ditions, and refervations, and other agreements, were seised of .. .an absolute estate in fee-hmple in the fame lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

General re- IV. Saving always to all and every person and peifons, rirhul°n bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and fucceflbrs, execu-s  tors, adminiftrators, and affigns, other than to our said fove-

reign lord the King, and his heirs, and fucceiTors, and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time beiqg, and his and their heirs, and all and every other person and persons that (hall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall^ by force of any aft of parliament* or other limitation whatfoever; all such rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, tenures, claims, and demands whatfoever, of what nature, kind, or quality foever; of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this aft, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form as if this aft had never been had or made; this aft, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary not-withftanding. .

CAP. XXVII.

An ecR for the further continuing several aRs of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried ori by bis Majeftfs JubjeRs.

Preamble. \X7HERE A S divers aRs of parliament have hen made for the VV encouragement of bis Majejly's fubjeRs to carry on and improve the whale fijhery, which) by the bounties given by the said aRs, did greatly increaje, to the advantage of the trade and navigation of these kingdoms: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Aft 5 Geo. 1. aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made which was \n tjle fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the feyeral * t*lc Second, intituled. An aR for encouraging the Greenland subsequent fijhery) which was to continue in force for nine yean, from the a6t$ or twenty fifth day of December) one thousand seven hundred and thirty one ; and which aft, by an aft of parliament made in,the 13 Geo. z. thirteenth year oi his laid late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for

• t7<>7*3 Anno octavo GeorgiI SI. a 27.  .&$

continuing the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafis, yards, and bowfprtts, tar, pitcht and turpentine j to Britifn made fail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign fall cloth j to the Greenland, and to the whdle fjheryi for granting a further bounty for all flips employed in the whale fifbery during the present war j for exempting barpooners and ethers employed in the Greenland fifbtry trade from being imprtffed', and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be pom for the indentures and controls of clerks and apprentices, was continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and front thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which ad, by an ad of parliament made in the twenty second year of his laid late Majcfty’s 11 Geo. •* reign, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement and enlargement of the •wbale.fi/bery, and for continuing Jueh laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization offucb foreign protefiants as J,hall feme, for the time therein mentioned, on board Jueh flaps as Jbeil be fitted out for the said fifbery, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament j and which ad, by an ad of parliament made in the twenty eighth year of his said late it Geo. 1. Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aSt for continuing, explaining, and amending> the several aits of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fifbery carried on by bis Majefiy's. fubjeSh \ and (a authorize the payment tf the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three .flaps fitted out for the said fijbtry, and loft in the Greenland ftas, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day vi-December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which said several ads, by an ad made in the fourth year and * Geo. j. of the r$ign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for continuingfevtral alls of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fifbery carried on by bis Majtftfs fubje&s, were further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand^ seven hundred and sixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued from the time in the said lad-mention- further coned ad limited, from the expiration thereof, unto the twenty tinned to fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, »j Dec. 1770. and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.  '

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The aft of That an ad made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late 6 Geo. *. Majesty, intituled. An aH for the further encouragement of tbo —nrinwrfbv whale fifbery carried on by bts Majefiy's fubjelts, which was to be feveraWVib- * in force during the continuance of the ad of the fifth year of sequent afts, his'faid late Majesty’s reign', intituled, An alt for encouraging the Greenland fifbery, and which was, by the said ad of the thirteenth year of his said late Majesty’s reign, continued unto the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred

G 2  and

»4

is further continued to »5 Dec. 1770.

The aft of. ax Geo. x. % which was continued by fevera) fubfe-quent adti.

is further continued to X5 Dec. 1770.

The aft of ♦Geo. 3.

. Armo octavo Georgii III. g. 27;  X*7^7#

and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament; and which alt was, by the said alt of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament3 and which adt was, by the said adt of the twenty eighth year of'his said late Majesty’s reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feveh hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 3 and which adt was, by the said adt of the fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of Dumber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, (hall be and the fame is hereby .further continued from the time in the said lad-mentioned adt limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twentjr fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the said adt of the twenty second year of his said Majesty’s reign intituled. An aft for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fijhery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign, protestants as shall ferve%for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fijhery3 which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand (even hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of a parliament 3 and which was, by the said act. of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty’s reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 3 and which alt was, by the said alt made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, and from thence to the end of the

• then next session of parliament 3 (hall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the time in the said laft-mentioned alt limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and from thence to *he end of the then next session of parliament.

IV.  And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That the said alt of the fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for continuing fevsral afts of parliament made far the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majejiys subjects 3 which was to be in force frons the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, ana from thence to the end of the

then

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a 8, 29.  85-

then next session of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is here- is further con-by, further continued, from the time in the said laft-mentioned tinued to act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day *5 Dec. 1770. of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An a3 for licensing a playboufe within the city of Norwich.

WHEREAS in and by an ait of parliament made in the

tenth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George chu/iTui a& the Second, to explain and amend fo much of an ait of the twelfth to Geo. *. year of the reign of §>ueen Ann, for punijbing rogues, vagabonds,

Jlvrdy beggars, and Vagrants, as relates to common players of interludes, it is provided, That no person or persons shall be authorized, by virtue of any letters patent from bis Majesty, bis heirs, fuccejfors, or predecejfors, or by the license of the lord chamberlain of bis Majesty's houjbold for the time being, to ait, reprefent, or perform, for hire, gain, or reward, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any part or parts therein, in any part of Great Britain, except in the city of Weft-minfter, and within the liberties thereof, and in such places where lit Majesty, his heirs, or fuccejfors, /ball in their royal persons re-fide, and during such residence only: and whereas it may be proper to impower the lord chamberlain of bis Majesty'$ houjbold for the time being, to grant bis licence to persons to represent and perform plays and other entertainments of the stage within the city of Norwich ; may it therefore please your most excellent Ma-» jetty, that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord chamberlain of his jx>rd chain-Majefty’s houshold for the time being, and he is hereby au- berlain im-thorized and impowered to grant his ^licence or licences, from P°wcr*? to time to time, to any person or persons to represent or perform f^nce forth* for hire, gain, or reward, within the said city of Norwich, any performing such tragedies, plays, operas, or other performances of the occasionally stage only, or any part or parts therein, as have already been <uch plays or (hall hereafter be licensed by the chamberlain of his Ma-jetty’s houfhold, at such times and seasons only as (hall be ex- as fcave been, pressed in such licence; ’the said recited a<ft of the tenth year of or (hall be, the reign of his late Majesty, or any thing therein contained, to duly licensed the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.  to&n am*

CAP. XXIX.

An aft far redeeming the remainder of the joint ftpek of annuities established by an a£l made in the third year of his present Majesty*s reign, intituled. An a£t for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all

63  cyder

86  Anno  octavo  Georgii  III. c. 29.  [ 1767#'

cyder and perry; and for raising the fom of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the laid duties*

Moil gracious Sovereign, p w TT7HEREAS in pursuance of an aft made in the third year routing a& VV of your Majesty's reigny intituled,, An a6t for granting to 3 Gcp. 3, his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry ; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lbtteries, to be charged on the said duties ; the sum of three millions Jive hundred thoujand pounds was raifid for the public fervice; which sum was to be deemed one capital and joint Jiocky and to be attended with annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum redeemable by parliament: and whereas one fourth part of the said capital and joint flock was redeemed on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred andfixty eighty in pursuance of an aft made in thelafi fiffim ofparlia-menty whereby the said flock was reduced to the Jim of two millionsfix hundred and twenty five thousand pounds: and whereas your Afajefi/s mod dutiful and loyal JubjeftSy the commons of Great Britain, in par-liament affembledy have refolvedy that one third part of the find capital Jhck which Jbould remain after the said fifth day of January,, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty be redeemed and paid off on the fifth day of July following; and that such part of the said capital flock as Jboula remain after the said fifth day of July, be redeemed and paid off in manner following; that is to fayy one half of fucb remaining part of the said capital Jiocky on the tenth day of Oftober, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and the other halfy being the residue of fucb capital Jiocky on the fifth ip of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and feveraj public notices have been given pj the said refolutionsy by the speaker of the house of commonSy pursuant to the orders of that houje: therefore, your faithful commons, do most humbly be-feech your Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com** moos, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the au-Notices given thority of the fame, That such notices as aforesaid (hall be, by the (peak- and. be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fuf-d^mfoeYhe fic*cnt notice and notices, within the true intent and meaning of remainder of the said aft, for the redemptions, at the times aforesaid of such the joint flock part of the said capital and joint stock as remained unredeem-e(j after the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun* theredt^b7 4^ aw* sixty and of the annuities attending thereon, ^ of 3 Geo. and the fame (hall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

3. as remained unredeemed on 5 Jan. 1768, deemed good and fufHcient.

The following IE And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* fiima to be if- That out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this fef-fued to the fion of parliament (except any particular aid or supply which w * out o bath been, or (hall b$ in the fame session specially and intirely

apprqT

1767.] Anno octavo Gboxgii III. c. 29/  87

appropriated to any one particular use or purpose) there (hall the (applies and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of j»r*htcd the bank of England., on or before the times herein after limited, 0en before the following respective sums of morfey for the purposes herein 5 July, 176s./ after mentioned; that i$ to fay, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the sum of 875,0001. eight hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, for redeeming on that day one third part of the said sum of two millions fix hundred and twenty five thousand pounds, being the remainder, after the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the said capital and joint flock; and on or before the tenth day of O&aber, one thousand seven hundred an<f sixty eight, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five by to Oft. thousand pounds, for redeeming on the said tenth day of Qfto- *75>°°o1* bery one other third part of the said sum of two millions fix hundred and twenty five thousand pounds; and on or before the fifth day of January* one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five thousand by 5)311.1769, pounds, for redeeming on the said fifth day of January, the re- 875,0001, maining part of the said capital and joint (lock : which refpec- Thc money live sums (hall be applied by the said governor 2nd company in ifTued to be" payment of the said three turns of eight hundred and seventy applied by the five thousand pounds each, for the redemption, and in fuH batik in pay. satisfaction of the said respective parts of the said capital and J^feveraf joint dock, on 'or before the respective days herein before fums, mentioned for redeeming and paying off the fame.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Money to be That on or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven  at

hundred and sixty eight, the said tenth day of Oftober, one thou- e™t sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and the said fifth day sinking fund, of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine re to the bank, fpe&ively, there (hall and may be issued and paid at the re- ?or djfcharg-ceipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, to jhe governor and com- Unties au" pany of the bank of England, out of the furplufles, excefles, tending such or overplus-monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, such part of the sums of money, as (hall be necessary for the discharge of the annuities attending such part of the said capital and joint dock, |j«cmed ^ as (hall be redeemed on each of the said days, to every such ' day respectively tnclufive,; which sums (hall be applied by the said governor and company in payment of such annuities accordingly, at the fame time that the respective parts of the said capital and joint (lock (b to be redeemed, (hall be discharged and satisfied ; and that such annuities, in respect of each part An<J ^ of the said capital and joint flock, (hall ceafe, determine, and *0ceafbfrom be extingui(hed, from the time of the redemption thereof re- the times of fpe&ively; and that the payment of all the annuities which redeeming (hall become due on the tenth day of Oflober, one thousand them, seven hundred and sixty eight, upon account of such part of Such as d^l the said capital and joint flock as (hall remain, and (hall not then be redeemed and paid off, (hall, together with the charges ,76st with the of the management of all the said annuities, after the fifth day charges of

G 4  of  management.

88

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 29,  X*7^7*

to be paid  one  thousand  seven hundred and fixtv eight, be, and

of,theP the fame are hereby charged upon, and (hall be payable and

* _ _     (  1  ^ J ^  _ E  A i—    /^.  !  E+« a  ^a aa aMa iba a.  1 ■■ 11m C^!L ^  Oa - - X  «  -  _  ^  ^ ^  J

are out sinking fund, to the bank,

and the monies tor these purpoies are to be iiTued by aq order of treafury,

paid out of, the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund,, tp the said governor and company of the bank of England9 who (hall apply the monies fo iflued, in payment of such part of the said annuities accordingly.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies which are by this ad authorized or appointed to be paid out of the laid fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (hall and may, by order of the commissioners of the treafqry, or any three or more of them, or the high treafu-toth^tfank^ rer ^or t*mc ^c*nS> wlthout any farther or other warrant to by way df  be had in that behalf, be iiTued and paid at the receipt of his

ifnprctt. ‘  Majesty’s exchequer, to the laid governor and company, out of

the said fund, by way of imprest and upon account, after pay-, ing, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Turns of money as have been charged thereon by any aft or ads. made in any former session of parliament; but in preference to any sum or Turns directed to be paid thereout by any ad of this session of parliament.

Annuities to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-jbe paid up to rity aforesaid, That if all or any of the principal monies com-the days ap- ppfing such respective parts of the said capital and joint ftocfc, th^particular hereby intended to be redeemed on the said fifth day of July* redemption pne thousand seven hundred and iixty eight, the said tenth day tjhe*eof. of Oftober, one thousand seven hundred and iixty eight, and ‘the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, (hall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England, before the respective day appointed for any such redemption ; the said governor and company (hall, in every such cafe, pay, and they are hereby impowered tp pay, in respect of the principal monies fo difeharged, the full sum which the annuities attending the fame would have amounted unto, on the day herein before mentioned for the redemption of such part respectively 5 any thing herein, or in any other aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority incur anydif- af°refaid. That the said governor and company, or any mem-ability in re- her thereof, (hajl no* incur any difabdity for or by reason of fpeft of this his or their doing apy matter or thing ip pursuance of this aft, *$•  VII. And be it further epafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, jnolened, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained such person or persons (hall and peneral iffue. may plead the general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence fpr his and their defence; and if a verdict (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his qr their aftion, or.be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or other-Xreble coils. wife; then, such defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods < '  *o him or them awarded again# such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

ri 767.] •'Anno octavo GcoRGii in.* c. jo.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the fink* ing fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, tor the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight 5 and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this iefiion of parliament.

Preamble. 1,150,000!. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be ifiued by the treasury accordingly. Treafury impowered toraifethe said fum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund 5 and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for re-payment of the money fo advanced; the interest thereof to * be paid quarterly. Orders to be registered in courfe. No undue pre- * ference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken3 on forfeiture of* treble damages, with full cofts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or paymentj to be recovered Sn any of the courts of record at Weft min fter. No undue preference, which of the tallies or orders brought the fame day, are entered first } nor if subsequent orders are paid before, others not brought in courfe, fo as money be referred tor the precedent orders. Power of aflignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it ihall be judged more advifeable, the treasury may raise the said film by ' exchequer bills, instead of toans. AH advantages and penalties in the malt* act pf this feilion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this aft. Tne said exchequer billsj intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund, Bank authorized to lend the said fum, notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary. 400,000). payable into the exchequer by the East India company, and produce or the duties on gum Senega and gum Arabic 3 to be ifiued towards making good the said fupply. 70,0001. out of such monies as Ihall be paid into the exchequer between 1 Feb. 176S, and 5 April, 1769, produce of the revenues reserved for the difbofition of parliament, towards the charge of defending the colonies in America, to be applied accordingly. 106,358!. 178 8d. out of the several films, &c. herein particularized ; to be applied in making good the supply granted towards defray- , ing the extraordinary expences of he land forces, &p. incurred, to 15 Dec. 3767. not provided for. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, East India agreement, and other sums remaining in the exchequer, &c. together with the several sums before granted and fpeciiied, and such sums as (hall arise by sale of lands in the ceded ifiands 3 viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1,5x6,3571. nd. towards naval services herein fpecified. 159,3281.11 s. 6d. for charge of the office of ordnance; 68,944b 11 s. nd. to the said office, for services performed in 3766, not provided for. 1,196,1x51. 138. id iq. towards the land forces, and other services in general 3 of which 69$,1111. ns. iod. and seven eighth parts of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfcy; 316,950b 48. 9d. and seven eighth parts of r d. for guards and garrisons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Sec. and provisions for the forces abroad3 7,116 ). 173. id'. 1 q. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irifh eftablifh-ment of troops in the Me of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded ifiands3 11,137b 78. 3d. for general and general staff officers 3 131,4311. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines 3 1,7151. 13 s.. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the fuper-annuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards; 5,117b 14s. for reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced 3 1,536 b to the pen (ions of officers widows; 108,949 b 17 s. 6d. to the out-petitioners of Chtlfea hofpiral93,629 b 6 s. 6d extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for 3 i,8oo,oPPb towards paying off exchequer bills ifiued pursuant to an aft of the last fefiion ; 10,500b to make good to his Majesty the like sum ifiued pursuant to the addre/s of the houfe'of commons 3 5,000 b for a passage to tne house of commons; 3,895 b is. Hd. for supporting the civil eitablifhment of Nova Scotia 3 3,986 b for the civil establishment of Georgia 3 4,750 b for (he pivil establishment of East Florida 3 4,400b for the civil eftablifhmbnt

Anno oftav© GxoroiiIU c. 31.'  [1767.

of Weft Florida; a 0361.14s. towards expence of general surveys in America ; 13,0001. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of the African company; 5*5501. charges of the civil eftabliihment of Seitegambia; 09,000!. to the foundling nofpital; and x,oool. towards apprenticing children from thence: blit not more than 7I. to be given with any one child; and both Aims to be ifiued without fee* 3,0001. to the trustees of the British Mufeum. 53,9801.17 s. gd. 30. to replace to the fink-ingfund the like fom iflaed thereout, to make good tn£ deficiency of the fund for paying annuities eftablifiied by aft 31 Geo. s. 59,31x1.16 a* 10 d. to re* place to the faidfnnd the like sum paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the aft of 3 Geo. 3.  19s.  6d.  %  q.  to  replacejothe  sinking fund

.the annuities granted in refpefi of certain navy and vi&ualling bills. See. unredeemed; 8,750!. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum ifiiied thereout, to diftharge the annuities attending fiich part of the joint stock e&abfiJhed by aft 5 Geo. 3. as was redeemed m pursuance of an aft of the last feffion. 391,4841.4*. $&. and threeeighthnartsof 1 d. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the last year. Theft aids to be applied to no other ufes. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. aft 7 Geo. 3. Rales to be obftrved in the application of the surplus of the federal fume of i351S991. 8s. 4d. appropriated' in 1766, to the pay. meat of reduced officer*.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for railing a certain fumof money, by way of annuities, and a lottenr attended with annuities, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two afts of the third and sixth years of the reign of hi* pre* font Majesty, to the (aid fund.

Preamble. The fnm of 1,900/1001. granted; to be raifed, viz 1,300,0001. thereof by annuities, ana 6oo,oool by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, nave fobferibed to the said sum of 1,900,0001. and aepofited 15I. percent, of their fubfeription-money, are to pay the remainder as herein airefted. 101. percent, by 19 April, 1768; sol. per cent, by 7 June ; 151. per cent, by 19 July ; 151. per cent, by no Auguft; 15!. per cent, by si Oftober; and sol. per cent, by 05 Nov. Subfcnptions to the lottery to beipaid, viz. S5I. per cent by 17 May ; 301. per cent, by sS June ; and 40I. per cent.by 8 Sept. Subfcribers to the said sum of 1,300,0001. intitled to an annuity of 31, per cent* Intereft to commence from 5 Jan. 1768. The 600,0001. to be raised by a lottery, to carry an interest of 3 L per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1769. In-tcrefton both films to be paid half-yearly, on 5 July, and 5 Jah. Subfcrib-ers paying the whole of their fubfenptions towards the annuities on or be-fore 17 0£toberr and to the lottery on or before 15 June, to be allowed intereft,' by way of difeount for the fame. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to fubferibers com pleating their fubferiptions. Annuities made transferrable. Receipts to be given for the money paid in towards the said fnm of 1,300,0001. the fame are made transferrable. ' Cafiiier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treafury to apply the money to the services voted this feffion. Names of contributors to be entered in books to be

Provided by the accomptaot general of the bank; to be inspected gratis: duplicate to be transmitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors duly paying their contribution-monies, intitled to a proportionable (hare of the annuities; and the fame are to be tax-free; but where the sums fubferibed (ball not be duly paid, the depofir, Set. is for-feited to the publick.a Credit to be given, in the books at the bank, to contributors completing their payments to the said sum of 1,300,0001. Perfons, to whose credit such films (hall be placed, may assign the fame; the said sums to carry 3I. per cent, intereft, and be deemed transferrable dock. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cathiera of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the

middle

- 7^7*} Anno odavo Georgii III. c. 32 .*

niddle columns to be rotted up, and fattened with ilk; and cut off in-lentwife into a box marked with the letter (A) Box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with % columns, on each of which 60,000 rickets to be printed. Tne number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the laft-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, andcusout indentwife, into a box marked with the letter IB) Box to be locked up and fealed. PubUck notice to be given of times* or putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 14. Nov. 1768. Method to be observed in drawing. fee. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and fealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the fame, to be printed. Difputes relating thereto to be adjofted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be fworn. Caftiier, on receiving the residue of the sums fubfcribetl, the bearers intitl'ed to one lottery ticket for every* 101. fubfcribed. Contribu-tors not making good their payments with rtfpeft to the said lottery, within the times limited, to forfeit their depofits; and the tickets for fach sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, fee. to be paid by the commissioners of the treafiny. Limitation of file of chances, fee. Penalty. Perfons felling (hares in tickets’of which they are not poflefled, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland againtt afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punUhable, and may be sued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, fee. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, fee. Certificates to be figned, fee. Accomptant general to give audit for the principal sums in the certificates. Alignment* may be made of the said fums, fee. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. Bank to employ a chief clerk and accomptant general. Monies to bp issued out Of the sinking fond, from time to time, to the (aid clerk, for payment of the annuities3 who is to apply the fame accordingly, and render an account thereof. Accomptant general to inspect the receipts and payments, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a personal eft ate, and to be added to the joint stock transferable at the bank j subject to redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring ftock. Annuities devifeabl© by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Treafury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this aft 3 and to make an allowance to the caihier, ana accomptant general; to be at the disposal of the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities be redeemed, fee. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies; annuities, fee. on penalty of so 1. Tne monies arising by the duties upon wines and vinegar imported, granted by aft 3 Geo. 3. and duties upon cyder and perry granted by aft 6 Geo. 3. Sec, are to be carried to the sinking fund, towards making good the annuities granted by the recited aft of 3 Geo. 3. until redemption of the capital, fee. Duties to be continued, notwithstanding such redemption. General ifiiie. Treble oofts.

. CAP. XXXII. aS for carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brookfbank efquire, secretary to the commissioners of his Majtftfs revenue of excife, for the purebafi of Grefham College, and the ground and burnings thereunto belonging ; and for vesting the fame unalienably in the crown for the purpose of tree-iilg and building an excise office there; and for enabling the

leHurtrs

9Z

I

i

Preamble.

Anno oftavp Georgii III. c. 32.'  f 1767.

leffurm of the said college to marry, notwithstanding an) refitiBion contained in the will of Sir Thomas Grdham knight, deceafed.

WHEREAS tie house and buildings now made use of forth managing and conducing the business of his Majeflys revenue of excife, situate in the Old Jewry, London, and called or known oy tie name of The Excife Office, are, for want of necejfary room for the officers and clerks, found very inconvenient find insufficient for the well ordering and conducing the business of the said office, which business hath, of late years, been considerably encreafed: and whereas the said house and buildings, as well from their confiruBion, as from the number and nearness of the ancient houses which confine and fur-round the fame, are greatly exposed to fire•, and no place has been, nor can be there found fefficient and proper to secure the records and papers of the said office from fiuch accidents; and as the lease of the said house ana buildings will expire on the tenth day of O&ober, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, it is nuejfary that some more fafe, fit, and commodious place be prepared, to which the said office may be removed: And whereas the mejfuage, tenement, edtfices, and buildings, now called and known by the name of Grefham College, situate in the parish of Saint Helens, in Bifliopfgate Street, and in Saint Peters the Poor, in the city of London, have, upon enquiry, been deemed a proper and convenient place for the erefling and building an office for the managing, conducting, and carrying on, the business cf his Majeflys revenue of excise : and whereas upon confidera-tion of the premtjfes, the commissioners of his Majefiy's revenue of excise did, by and with the confent, approbation, and direction, of the commissioners of his Majeflys treafury, treat with the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, who are seised of the said college called Grefham College; and in pursuance of fiuch treaty, articles of agreement bearing date the tenth day 0/* December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven, have been mutually entered into by and between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonqlty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, cf the one part, and Stamp Brookflbank efquire, secretary to, the commissioners of his Majejlfs revenue of excife, of the other part, whereby the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers j of the city of London, for and in consideration of one yearly annuity \ of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and de- \ du ft ions wbatfoever, to be fettled on the mayor and commonalty and j citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, for ever, to commence from the feaftday of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to be issuing and payable out of his Majefifs revenue arising from the duties of excife, as in the said agreement is mentioned, havf confuted and agreed to furrender, yield, and give %p, ! •  **  *  -  ’  '  the

93

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii IIL c. 32.

the said messuage or tenement called Grefham College, herein after more particularly mentioned, and defcribed> with all its rights, member s% and appurtenances, to be fettled unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of making, ere fling,  establishing there,  office for

the condufling and carrying on the business of bis Majejly's revenue of excife9 and to be called dr known by the name of The, Excife Office: and whereas the said agreement cannot be carried into full and com-pleat execution without the authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it en-adted by the King’s mod excellent majeity, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and com* mons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day 'of From and March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all that afte^March messuage or tenement called Grejham College, in the parish of 176*1 the . Saint Helens, in Bifhopfgate Street, and in Saint Peter's the Poor9 in the city of Londonand all the ground thereunto belonging; College, and containing on the wed front next Old Broad Street in length, the ground, from north to fouth, two hundred and five feet, little more or &c. thereunro less ; and from the south end of the said front, pointing eaft- belonging ; ward, extends ninety feet fix inches $ then turning to the north fifty five feet fix inches, then to the east eighty five feet three inches, then to the south five feet fix inches, then to the east nine feet, then to the south twenty one feet five inches, then to ' the east twenty eight feet nine inches,* then to the south twenty fix feet two inches, then to the east twenty seven feet, then to the north twenty seven feet two inches; and from thence to Bifhopfgate Street eastward in an irregular line eighty four feet nine inches ; from thence to the north on the east fide thereof next Bifhopfgate Street is a gateway under one of the houses there of about ten feet wide from north to fouth, used as a coachway from, Bifhopfgate Street into the said college and premifies; then on the north fide of the said gateway from Bifhopfgate Street pointing towards the weft is thirty four feet four inches, then turning northward thirty feet eleven inches, then to the weft forty five feet ten inches, then to the north seventy one feet fix inches, then to the weft forty nine feet, then to the north fifteen feet eight inches, then ttAhe weft twenty one feet seven inches, then to the north thirty fix feet, and from thence to the weft on the north fide, which joins nearly at right angles to the weft front in Old Broad Street, one hundred and eighty fix feet fix inches; and at the south end of the said weft front next Old Broad Street, over a passage of five feet wide, or thereabouts, leading into Sun Yard, is a building belonging to the said college, which extends from weft to east twenty three feet eight inches,

, together with all erections and buildings now erected and built upon the said ground and premisses above deferibed, or any part thereof, or that (hall or may, at any time hereafter, be built and erected thereon, or any part thereof, with all the rights, with all rights members, privileges, immunities, exemptions, ways, paths, privileges paffages, waters, watercourfes, eafements, commodities, emolu- ^nd enjoyed

ments, therewith,

94  Anno  octavo Georgii HL c. 32.  [1767.

are declared merits, advantages, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the said to be vetted meffuage, tenement, and college, or any part thereof, belong-nexed una- >nS atK^ usually held and enjoyed therewith, (hall be, and be lienably to' deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in and an-the crown; nexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and (hall be and remain for ever unalienable from the fame; and his Majesty, and his fucceflbrs in the imperial crown of this realm, (hall for ever have, hold, and enjoy, the fame, against the mayor and commonalty and ritizensof the city of London* and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of the city of London, and all and every person and persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, freed and di(charged of and from all former eflates, leafes, or other incumbrances whatfo-ever, made or granted of the said premifles, or any part thereof, in full fatif- II. And be it enabled bV the authority aforefiua. That in full faction far satisfaction for the (aid college, ground, and premifles, fo vested fcall"belaid *n an<* annexed to the crown as aforesaid, there Audi be paid to out of tire re- mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, venue of the and the wardens andcommonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of exdfe office to the city of London, for ever, one yearly annuity of five hundred the city of pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all to°the°Mer parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deduc-cers company-tions whatfoever, payable quarterly on the four most usual feast an annuity of days, or days of payment, in the year, to commence from the Sh°f per?nn* I*3® day of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and sixty trepaiTqvutf- e‘j?ht» the ^ quarterly payment to be made on the feast day terly i of the nativity of our blessed Lord, in the said year one thou-and the first sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to be issuing and pay-payment to able out of the revenue of exdfe, and to be paid at the excise office in London, from time to time.

* *  "  * III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That on

tfieperfens Pa7ment of the said yearly annuity of five hundred pounds, or appointed by any part thereof, by the receiver general of his Majesty’s duties the city and of excise for the time bring, the receipt of the mayor and com-'Merceri com- monalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and SifcHaree to* commonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of the city of London, or the receiver of such person as they (hall appoint to receive the lame, (hall general of the be a discharge to such receiver general for the sum of money ex-duties of ex- pressed in such receipt, and the fame (hall be allowed (bch re-wment*. ce*ver general on pafling his accounts; and in cafe the said an-If such oa* - nuity> or any Part thereof, (hall be behind and unpaid by the ments are not Ip906 of twenty one days next over or after any of the said feafts, 'duly made, or days on which the fame (hall become due and payable, after an action may having been lawfully demanded at the office aforesaid, it lhall be brought J a°d may be lawful to and for the mayor and commonalty and ; against such citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty : receiver ge- of the mystery of Mtrttrs of the city of London, fo bring an neral. ariion at law, in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Weftminjler, against the receiver general of his Majesty’s duties of excise for the time being, to recover the money due; in which action no efloin, wager of law, or prote&ion, (hall be allowed; and in

7  cafe

X y6yJ] Anno oftaro Georgii HI. c. 32;  95

cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in focb adion, he or and fall coftt *hey (hall be intitled to full cofts.  allowed onre-

IV.  And whereas purfiumt to the last mil and testament of Sir covcnn£* 'Thomas Grefham of the city 0/London knigbc deceafed, four per-/fvw /no/ /v //sir, keen cbofen, nominated, end appointed* by the mayor and commonalty and citizens Of the city of London, to read lectures of divinity, ajironomy, nmftck, and geometry, within she /aid college \ and also eight per fens have hern, from time to time* appointed by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of London* to inhabit eight ahnflmfes fending within, or adjoining to, and part of, the said college5 and also three persons have, from time to time* been cbofen, nominated, and appointed, by the wardens and common* alty of the my fiery of Mercers of the city of London to read Ic&ures in law, phyjuk, and rhetorick, within the find college 1 and fucb /even persons fo cbofen, nominated, and appointed, to read fitch lectures have, by the directions of the said will, bad apartments within » the find college for the purpofo of refolding there and reading fitch lectures: and whereat the fatdfoveralfoven persons fo chofen, nominated, and appointed, to read the find k8ure$,and the faid,eight alms folks* the better to enable the.mayor and commonalty and citisoons of tie city 4^ London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfitry of Mercers of the city of London, to perform their part of the agreement entered into as aforefind, have refpe&ivety agreed and consented to relinqmjh and quit their apartments and ahnflmfes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and commonalty 501. per an-and citizens of the city of London do and (hall pay, or cause to clear of be paid, unto the four persons who now read the said kdures in divinity, aftronomy, mufick, and geometry, and to their fuc- t0 their ceflbrs who (hall, from time to time, be chofen, 'nominated, ieveralle&ur-and appointed, to read the said le&ures, and to each and every erf> 1? <*»(*• of them, the yeariy film of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, mcntsreUn* payments, charges, and deductions whatibever, by even and quiflied by equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective them in the apartments fo by them agreed to be relinquUhed and given up, and over anti above the faiartes and stipends found, provided, beVtidquar-and allowed, to them for reading the fame Je&uresj and in like terly.' manner that the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of and 50 L per Mercers of the city of London do and (hall pay, or cause to be annum by the paid, unto the three persons who now read the said lc&ures in Mercers corn-law,* phyfick, and rhetorick, and to their fucceflbrs who (hall, Maurers, in from time to time, be chofen, nominated, and appointed, to lieu of their read the said le&ures, and to each and every of thqm the yearly apartments s sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deductions whatfoeuer, by even and equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective apartments fo by them agreed to. be relinqui(hed and given up^ and over and a-bove the salaries and stipends found, provided, and allowed, to them for reading the fame le&urcs; the first quarterly payments the first quar-ef the said yearly films refpe&ivefy to be made on the feast day terly pay-....  of  meats to be

gS  Anno  octavo Georgii III. c. 32.  [ 1767:

made on *5 of the nativity of our blefiedLord, in the said year one thousand Dec. 176S. fcven hundred and sixty eight.

An additional V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, That sum of 501. in consideration of the great age and infirmities of Henry Pern-Pr  berton doctor of phyfick, the present reader in, physick in the

MercOTcom* college, and of his long residence therein, the laid wardens pany to doctor and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of Lon-Pemberton don (hall, over and above the (aid yearly sum of fifty pounds by ' during his  this a<5t provided for the reader in physick for the time being, by

“fe*  like quarterly payments pay, or cause to be paid, unto the faid

Henry Pemberton, the further additional yearly sum of fifty pounds for and during the term of his natural life, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatfoever.

The city, and VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of pany, to pro- London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of piace^ftxTthe Mercers of the city of London, do and (hall, from time to time, reading°of  and at all times hereafter, find and provide sufficient and pro-

left ures i  per place or places for the present fevfen profeffors, and all fuc-

ceeding persons to be chofen, nominated, and appointed, for the reading the lectures in divinity, aftronomy, mufick, gep> and for the metry> law, phyfick, and rhetorick, to read the fame in accord-habitation of ingly ; and also like sufficient and proper place and places* for 1 the aim* folks the habitation of the eight alms-folks now or hereafter for the of the college, time being.

The city and VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of , pany are to London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of 1 ceiver general Mercers of the city of London, do and (hall, within the space of of the excife, one month from the passing of this adt, pay, or cause to be paid, within a unto the receiver general of his Majesty’s duties of excife, the 1S00I. sum 0f one thousand eight hundred pounds, for and towards the chareeof cxPence polling down the (aid college and the building an pulling down excise office there ; and the receipt of such receiver general /hall the college, be a sufficient discharge for the fame.

and building VIII. And whereas it may be found necejfdry for the more com-

^excife of- moMm* building the said office,r or for rendering the fame more ton*

venient and proper by any future buildings to be addea thereto, that a

power be veiled in the commissioners of his Majejly's treasury for the

purchajing lands or tenements for those purposes; be it therefore en-

Perfons pof- acted by the* authority aforesaid, Th&t it (hall and may be law-

fefled, &C. of ful to and for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, and all

tenements alT tru^ees> mortgagees, and feoffees in truft, guardians of infants,

fhall b£ found a°d committees of lunaticks, tmd ideots, executors, and admi-

necefiary for niftrators whatsoever j and all and every other person or perfons

rendering the whomfoever; who are or (hall be feized, pofiefTed, or interefted

faid b““°ing in, any lands or tenements ftanding, or being contiguous or

dious, areTm- adjoining to, the said college, to bargain and fell the fame to

powered to fell such person or persons as the commissioners of his Majesty’s

and convey treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high

tth%rDmCof<f • trcafurcr> or the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the mat purpoie j  time

97

* ?6?.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

time bcin£, or any three or more of them, (hall, by writing under his or their hands, appoint to contrail for the purchase thereof, for the purpose afore fa id $ and such lands or tenements fo to be purchafed, (hail be conveyed to his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, by deed or deeds to be inrolled in his Majedy’s court of King’s Bench; and when to purchafed, (hall be, and be deem- and after coned to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled and annexed to yeyance and the imperial crown of this realm, and (hall be and remain for eyer unalienable from the fame 5 and all contrails, agreements, sale the pre-and Tales, and all conveyances by such deeds inrolled as afore- mififes are to* faid, which (hall be made by such bodies politic, corporate, or veil in the collegiate, or other persons aforesaid, (hall be valid and effectual cro^{1 unali-to all intents and purposes 5 any law, (latute, or uiage, or any cna • other matter or thing to the contrary notwithdanding: and all Money mud and every sum and Turns of money which (hall be paid to or for for the lame the use of such body politic, corporate, or collegiate, or other J° be laid out person or persons aforesaid, for the purchase of any lands or te- chafcs^r^to nements for the purposes of this all, (hall be refpellively laid be fettled to out, and invested in, the purchase of other lands, tenements, the feme ufe| and hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjell to, such titles, ufes, trails, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands and tenements fold for the purpose of this alt were fettled, limited, and allured, at the time of such fale, and (hall be held and enjoyed accordingly 5 and until such purchafe-money (hall be remveded in lands and till that as aforesaid, the fame (hall be laid out in the purchase of docks can bedone, in some of the publick funds, or placed out on government or 2£nieof t£ real fecurities, at intered; and such intcred (hall be paid to and public fundi, for the use of such person or persons as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of the lands and tenements lo fold for the purposes of this all, as aforefaid.

IX.  Apd be it further enalled by the authority aforesaid, All ads, Ac. That when the excise office (hall be built at Grejbam College a- done at the. forefaid, and the said office (hall be kept and held there, the exucifeK fame (hall be called The Excife Office, and that all and every all Gre&am CoL and alls, thing and things, matters and concerns, made, done, ie?ef deemed and executed there, for the receipt and management of his Mz-f awalid at if jefty’s duties of excife, (hall be and are hereby declared to be ^ne?t ^ as good and valid in the law, to all intents andepurpofes, as cSntwryT such all or alls, matters, things, or concern's, would have been, J

had the fame been made, done, and executed, at the said office of excise in the Old Jewry, had this aH never been made.

X.  Saving always, to the King’s mod excellent majedy, his Refervatio* heirs and fucceflors, and all and every perfpn and perfons, bo- of rights, dies politic and corporate (other than and except themayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mydery of Mercers of the city of

London, and all persons claiming by, from, and under them) all such edate, right, title, and intered, in, to, and out of, the said college, ground, and premifles, hereinbefore mentioned, or Vol. XXVIII.  H  any

The lefturers authorized to marrjr, and read lectures afterwards, notwithftand* ing any re-ftrjftion or limitation in Sir Thomas , Grelham’s will.

Preamble

Anno o£tavo Georgii III. e. 33.  [1767,

any part thereof, as fully and amply, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if this aft had not been made.

XI.  And whereas in and by the said last will and testament of the said Sir Thomas Grelham, the mayor commonalty and citizens of the tity of London, and the wardens and commonalty 'of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, were directed to permit and suffer the /even persons elected and appointed to read the seven lectures in the said will mentioned, to have the occupation of all the manfion-houfe, gardens, and other appurtenances, (now called Grefham College) for them, and every of them, there to inhabit, ftudy, and daily to read the find fevered leftures: and whereas in and by the said will it is directed, that no person chosen to read any of the said lectures Jhould be fujfered to read, any of the said lectures after that he Jhould be married, nor Jhould receive any fee or stipend appointedfor the reading of the said lectures : and whereas in pursuance of this aft the said college mil be pulled down and taken away, and the collegiate life of the said lefturers, intended by the said Sir Thomas Grefham, will, by the pulling' aown of the find college, be put an end to\ be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the passing of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said seven lefturers, or their fucceffors, or any of them, to marry, not-withftandingany reftriftioncontained in the said will; and each . and every of the said lefturers, and their fucceflbrs, (hall, not-withftanding their being married, be suffered to read their said several lectures after they (hall be married, and (hall be intitled to receive the fee or stipend appointed for the reading of their said several leftures; and the mayor, commonalty, ana citizens, of the said city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the said mystery of Mercers, and their fucceflbrs, shall not be or be deemed guilty of any misapplication of such sum or sums of money as lhall be paid in fees or stipends to the (aid .lefturers, though married; any restriction or limitation in the said will contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for opening certain pajfages, and for faming the streets and other places, in the fetrifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefcx, and for preventing annoyances therein.

WH E R EA S the high streets called Holywell Street Church End, and part of Kingfland road, leading from Norton Falgate, to the Cherry Tree in Kingfland road, and a lane called Hog Lane, and also another lane coded Holywell Lane, in the pa-rift of Sunt Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefex, are extremely ill paved, and tbepaffage through the fame greatly obftruft-ed by posts and projections', and annoyed by fpottis, ftgns, and gutters, and the prejent methods preferibed by law are ineffectual fir removing such annoyances and obftruftions, and fir the proper paving of such streets and lanes, and keeping such pavements in sufficient re-Utr may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be en-

afted;

*?6p] Anno cdtairaGeqiLgii Ilf. c. 33,  $3

a<Sed; and bfe It enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Sir William Beauchamp Commiffian* Froffir baronet, George Cooke efquire, Sir James Eafdaile, the cr$ namc#t reverend Jobrt'Hotkam ML A. archdeacon, John Paterfon, Wil-Ham Tyfer, John Calvert, Benjamin Clempfon, Thomas Scott, Samuel Scott, Benjamin Cowley, Dirk Witternoon, Andrews Panke-man, Nahum Crofley, esquires ; captain John Baker, captain Jofeph Hindman, JamesWood, John Hatnmon, Robert Plimpton*

Simon Forjier, John Afpinal, Edward Lambert, Richard Rutfm,

William King George, Jofeph Netufom, James Stewart, William Wilfon, John Caplin, Robert Pdrier, William Green, Jofeph Po-cock, John Norris, William Goodman, John Mort, Sampfon Jeffop*

Thomas Chancellor, Arthur Deane, Matthew Ebborne, Georg* Farmer, John Pippin, John Banks, Samuel Dunnage, Peter Arnaud,

John marjball, Beniamin Mills, Samuel Ament, Edward Hutchin-Jon, James Clarke, jofephTitterton? William Collier, William Man-fel, William Pigge, Samuel Sewell, James Laird, John Simmonds,

John Horjley, John Marne, Jofeph Page, Edward Brown, John Oldham, Thomas Cooper, Charles Morton, William Clarke, Peter Whitlock, William Fricker, gentlemen; John Withers, Richard Nicholas, Benjamin Rofewell, Henry Newcom, James Calvert, James '

Calvert junior, CadWallader Coker, efquires; William Feaftx Benjamin Barnfley, Robert Rpmley, Joflma Wilkinfon, Andtew Pritchard, John Maxey, Michael Forjier,.William Carpenter, John Arthur, gentlemen ; John Spiller, Thomas Boddington, George Adey,

Join Barclay, Richard Watnwright, efquires; Louis Qgier, Wit* liamjourdain, Jofeph Pickles, Tefdale Webb, and William MajkaU, gentlemen ; (hall be, and they and their ftccefiors, to be eleSed in manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed com-miflioners for putting this aft in execution: and fn cafe of the On death* &c» death of any of the said commiffioners, or refusal to aft, of commif-it (hall be lawful for the farviving or remaining commiffioners, fio^rs^othcfe or any nine or more of them, from timeto time, by writinguto- to be der their hands and feals, to elect one; other person to be a com-miffiener in the room and (lead of the commissioner fo dying, or refuting to a£t; ten dayi publick notice of the time and place of meeting for every fach election being given, by affixing the fame in writing upon the principal door of the parish chitrch of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and every person fo ele&ed, (hall be, and he is hereby veiled with the fame powers for putting this a& in execution, as the perfon, in whose place he (hall be 'elected, was vetted with.  .

II. And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid. That no person (Rail be capable of acting as- a commissioner in the ex-ecurion of this a<5t, unless he lhall in his own right, or in the right of his wife, be in the actual possession or receipt of the rents of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to, arperfonal estate of the value of one thousand pounds: and si any pere

Ha

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

No' victualler to aft under this aft.

meeting.

In default of l fufficient

iOo  Anno  oAavoGeorgiiIII. 0*33;  [1767.

fan, not being fo qualified, (hall presume to aft as a commissioner in. the execution of this aft; every such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, together with colts of iuit, to any person or persons who (hall sue for the fame;v to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, by action of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill, fuit, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, and wherein the proof of qualification (hall lie on the person prosecuted ; and it (hall be sufficient for the prosecutor to prove that the perfpn fo prosecuted had acted as a commissioner in the execution of this aft.*

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no person who (hall fell ale, wine, or any spirituous or fermented liquors, by retail, (hall be capable of acting as a commissioner under this aft.

Time and IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p,|i? ofcom" That the said commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall m oncr* meet together at the vestry room of the said parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch*.on the second Monday after the pafiing of this aft, and fhaU then and there proceed to the execution of this aft, and they are hereby impowered to adjourn them-felves, from time to time, to meet at the fame place : and if at any meeting fb appointed, there (hall not appear a sufficient number to acr,  of  commifiioners to aft or adjourn to another day; or

in cafe the said commifiioners fo aflembled, (hall omit, negleft, or refuse to adjourn themfelves, then, and in every such cafe, pny two of th$ said commifiioners, or the clerk to the said com-jnifiioners, (hall appoint a meeting of the said commifiioners to be held within ten days after at the fame place; and publicknotice whereof shall be given by affixing the fame in writing upon ihe principal door of the aforesaid parish church, at least fix days before such adjourned meeting.

V.  Provided always. That no order or determination of the said commifiioners (hall be valid, unless the feme (hall be made at a meeting held in pursuance of this aft; nor (hall any com-miflioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such, during the time he (hall enjoy any office of profit by virtue of the powers given by this aft, or have any (hare or interest in any contraft relating to the execution thereof." *

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

polm^ccrs Tlfat the said commifiioners, or any five or more of them, shall po  * apd may, by any writing under their hands and feals, appoint

one or more clerk or clerks, surveyor or furveyors, and such other '  officers, for the execution of this aft, as they (hall think proper;

and*remove and, from time to time, remove him or them, and appoint poi^othw^" others, as they shall find necefiary or convenient; and by and out Commiflion- of the money to be raised by virtue of this aft may, and are here-er* to allow by impowered to pay such salaries and allowances to such offi-officcrs frla- ^ers$ and to all other perlbns by them the said commifiioners em-nca*  ployed in the execution of this aft, as they shall think reafona-

ble;

Clerk to: notice ot ano-

;ive

ot s

tber meeting.

No aft valid, except at a publick meet ift&V

Commifiioners notto aft where inter-efted.

Commiflion-

17^7*) Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.'  ios

ble: and the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, officers to (hall and may take such security for the execution .of the refpec- Sivc fccHW* tive offices, by such perlon or persons as aforesaid, as the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think pro- -per: and such person or persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the fever al tolls, rates, or sums of .money, hereby grants ed, (ball pay the fame to such person or persons as (hall, from time to time, be appointed to collect or receive the fame as heroin after-mentioned: and all such officers and persons fo to be Officers toac-appointed as aforesaid (hall, under their hands, at such time and uP°n times, and in such manner, as the said commiflipners, or any five or more of them, (hall direct, deliver to such commissioners -  .  „  *

true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this aft; and also of all monies which (hall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the purposes of this aft, aftd how much thereof has been paid and dilburfed, and for what purposes, together with the proper vouchers for foch payments; and (hall pay all such monies as (hall remain in their respective hands to the commiffioners, of any five or moreof them, or to such person or persons as they (hall appoint; and all the said officers and persons (b accounting as afore* said (hall, upon oath, if thereunto required (which oath the laid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby imr powered to adminifter) verify their said accounts: and if any Officers re* officer or person (hall not make and render, or (hall refofe to veT fusing to aerify upon oath, any such account, or to produce or deliver up count> the vouchers relating to the fame, or to make payment as aforer faid; or (hall not deliver to the said commiffioners, or any five • or more of them, or to such person or perfons,as they (hall sq>-  •

point, within ten days after being thereunto required by any five or more of such commiffioners, all books, papers, and writings, in his custody or power relating to the execution of this aft; or , (hall refuse or neglect to pay such monies as, upon the balance of any account or accounts, (hall appear to be in their respective hands, to the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, or as they (hall direft or appoint; then, and in any of the cafes may be sued j aforesaid, foch commiffioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized ana impowered, to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of such %  »  ~

commiffioners, or in the names of any three or more of them, against the officer or officers, person or perfons, fo neglefting,or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the recovery of the monies tfiat (hall be in the hand? of foch officer or officers, person or persons refpeftively; or if complaint (hall be made by the said commif- or if com-{ioners, or any five or more of them, or.by such person or per- plfint be made fons as they mall appoint for that purpose, of any such refusal to juftices, or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the county or place wherein such officer or officers, person or perfons, fo neglecting or refuting (hall be and refide; such justice may, and juftice* to en-is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants un* quire into the der his hand and feal, to cause the officer or officers, person or dcftu*c»

H 3  perfons.

JO %

affd levy the balance by diftrefi and file.

Ter want of diflfrefi, offen« dertobecom* Butted*

Provifb.

On death of officers, executors* Sec. to account*

Officers taking rewards*

See disqualified, and forfeit fool.

Anno o&ayo Georgii III. c. 33.  [176?r

perfons, lb refilling or , neglecting, to-bebrought before him * and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter in a luminary way : and if, upon the confefiion of the party or parties, or by the testimony o£ any credible witftefs or witnelTes upon oath, it lhall appear to such juftice, that aiiy of the monies that (hall have been collected.

Or raised by virtue of this aCt, (hail be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or perfons* such justice may, and he i» hereby authorised and required, upon the non-payment thereof, by warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to cauCe such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels rof such officer or officers, person or persons offending in the premiAes refpeCtively: and if no goods or chattels of such officer or officers, person or perfons, can be found sufficient to ’anfwer and satisfy such money, and the charges ofdiftraining and felling the fame; or in cate it (hall appear to such juftice* by the confession of the party fo offending, or by the testimony of any credible withefs upon oath, that any books, papers,' or writings, relating to the execution of this aCt, (hall be in thfe custody or power of any such officer or perfon, and he (hall refute to deliver the fame as aforefaid; then, and in either of the laid cafes, such justice (hall commit every such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where such offender lhall be and rende; there to remain without bail or mainprize until he (hall give and make, a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he (hall compound with the said commifli-oners, or any live or more of them, and (hall have paid such compolition, in such manner as they (hall appoint (which competition the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, • are hereby impowered to make) and until he (hall deliver up such books, papers, and writings as aforesaid, or give fatisfaCti-on in respect thereof to the (aid commiflloners, or any five or more of them.

VII.  Provided, always, That no person who (hall be committed on account of his having no goods or chattels, (hall be detained in prison for any term longer than fix months.

VIII.  And it is hereby further enaCted, That upon the death of any such officer, or other perfon, to be appointed as aforesaid, his executors'or administrators lhall, within twenty days next after such deceafe, deliver to the said commissioners under this a£fc, or any five or more of them, an account of the monies collected or received by the person fo deceased for the purposes of this aCt; and (hall also deliver all books, papers, and things, concerning his office to such person or persons as the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint to receive the fame; which money, if any due, (hall be paid by the executors or administrators of the person (o deceased in preference to, and before any of, his or their other debts are paid or (atisfied*

IX.  'And be it:further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any perfon, Who lhall be employed by the said com# mifiioners as a clerk, furveyor, or any other officer or fervaftt,

W

17,67*] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33,.  103

in the putting this ad:,. or any of the powers thereof, in execution, (hall exad, take, or accept, any fee or reward .whatfoever* other than such Salaries, allowances, and rewards, as (hall be appointed, allowed,. and approved of by the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any thing done or to be. done by virtue of this aft, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting this, ad in execution; or (hall be any ways concerned in interest in any bargain or contract made or to be made by the (aid commiflioners, or any of them, for the purposes of putting this ad in execution; every such perfon, fo offending, (hall be incapable of ever serving dr being employed under this ad, and (hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who (hall sue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jelly’s courts of record, within fix calendar months after the of-. fence committed, in which no efioin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hail be allowed.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Streets tatofi the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall havePaved* v full power and authority, from time to time, to caufe, order, and

dired, the said streets and lanes to be paved, repaired, railed, funk, or altered, when and in.fuch manner as they (hall think fit*

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Materials may

the said commissioners or any five or more 6f them, (hall have be dug out of full power and authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried  “lta

out of or into the said streets and lanes, such gravel, (tones, orthc * other materials, and to employ such artificers, workmen, and

other persons and to issue such money on those accounts, and to do all and every such other ads and things as the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall judge necessary for ac-compliflung the purposes of this ad.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflioa-That the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, may,er# may make and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, to contract contraa#* with any perion or persons for paving and keeping in repair the

faid streets and lanes above defcribed, or any of them; which contract and contracts (hall specify the several works to be done* and the prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works (hall be completed, and the penalties to be suffered in cafe of non-performance thereof; and (hall be signed by the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, and by . the person or persons contracting to perform such works; but I previous tothe makingof any such contrad, fourteen days notice  ..  .?

(hall be given in feme publick news paper, expressing the intention of such contrad, in order that any person or perfons, willing to undertake the fame, may make propofols for that pun pose to the fitid commissioners at a certain time and place in flick * notice tc be mentioned.

XIII.  And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid, Property of

That the property of the pavements, and all materials and things  /

which ihall be provided and made ufeof for the purports ofthis

. . '  •  ■H 4  **

Penalty on

interrupting

workmen.

CbaanuffioA-

ere may fell old materials. Scc.

Notice to be # given of tak-Ing up pave* menks, &c, for repairing any Vaultj drain.

Commiffion* era may con* tratt with companies for relaying fueb pavements.

On refbfal of payment, an adkion may be brought*

Anno octavo GeorgiiIII. c. 33.  [1767;

ad, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the fait! com-miflioners; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby, authorized andimpowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any adfion or actions in the name or names of any one or more of them, or to prefer, or order and diredk the preferring of, indidfc-ments against any person 01* persons who (hall fteal, take, or carry away, any part of such materials or things, or jdifturb them in the possession thereof.

XI v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, ob-ftrudt, hinder, or moleft, any surveyor or furveyors, or other officer or officers, workmen, person or persons whatfoever, who is, are, or (hall be, employed by virtue of this adt in the performance or execution of their duty; every such person fo offending (hall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings, for the second offence the sum of forty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XV.  And it is hereby further,enafted by the authority afore-£ud, That the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them; (hall have full power and authority, from time to time, to fell 4nd dispose of all or any part of the old pavement, or other materials, to such person or persons as (hall be willing to purchase the famer and to apply the purchafe-money to the purposes of this adt.

XVI.  And b& it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as any part of the pavement of the said streets or lanes (hall be taken up. for the purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleaning, of emptying, any fewer, vault, or drain* or of laying, altering, or amending, any water pipe or plug, or for any other purpose whatfoever, the person or persons fo taking up such pavement (hall immediately give notice thereof to the surveyor or clerk to the commissioners for putting this adt in execution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient fpeed, be laid down and repaired, under the inspection of the said furveyor; and the charges and expences thereof (hall be paid by the said commiffioners, and they (hall be reimbursed the fame by the person or’ perfons, companies of water-works, or pommiffioners of (ewers, who (hall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said pavement, or any part or parts thereof.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for the said commissioners for putting this adt in execution, or any five pr more of then}, from time to time, to compound and agree with the said companies, or commissioners of fewers, or other person or persons refpeftively, for a certain sum of money; by the foot or other meafure, as the said commissioners for putting this adt in execution, or any five or more of them, (hall think reafonable, in lieu and infiead of laying down or repairing such pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the purposes aforefaid.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe fucb person or perfons, companies of water-works, or commissioners of sewers refpedtively, (hall neglect or refiife to

• *

tySy.J Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.'  105

pay -what the said commissioners (hould have fo paid and difi-burfed, or what (hall be due upon such contract or composition as aforefeid, within ten days next after notice thereof to be left by the surveyor or clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said commiffioners, at the dweUing-houfe or last place of abode of such perfonor perfons, or of the secretary or (ecretaries, clerk or clerks, of such companies of water-works, or commissioners of sewers respectively (which notice (hall be in writing, and  '

figned by the clerk to the commissioners for putting this adt in execution, by order of the (aid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of such repair, or money due upon such compofition) it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said laft-men-tianed commiffioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, dr cause to be brought, any action or addons, in the name of their clerk for the time bang, for the recovery of such sum or sums of money refpedtively: and in cafe such person or perfons, hereby diredtea to give such notice to the surveyor or clerk to the commissioners for putting this adt in execution, as is before diredted, (hall ne-gledt fo to do for the space of twenty four hours after such pavement (hall be fo taken up, such person or persons (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-That if, /or the purposes of this adt, it (hall at any time be ers to pay for found necessary to raife, fink, or otherwise alter, the position of titering pipes, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by the said companies, or of any of the leaden or other pipes which (hall be

laid into or from any of the said companies pipes, which the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as often, and in such places, as they (hall think , proper, the feme (hall be paid for out of the monies arising by virtue of this adt, and (hall be done with as little detriment or inconvenience to the said companies, and other perfons, as the circumstances of the cafe will admit of.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Where any of That whenand fo often as it (hall happen that any pipe or pipes the water belonging to any water companies (hall break or burst in the companies said streets or lanes, or any of them, it (hall and may be lawful {^ce tobe to and for the (iirveyor to the feid commissioners for the time given to such being, or such other person as the said commiffioners, or any companies, five or more of them, (hall appoint for that purpose, to give immediate notice thereof to the pavior of the water company to

whom he apprehends such pipe or pipes does or do or may belong,- hnd-require him to take up the pavement, and open the ground at.or near the place where the water (hall or may. issue by reason of such pipe or pipes breaking or burfting, within two days next, after-fuch notice given to such pavior, or left at his last or ofual place of abode $ and if, upon taking up the pavement, .and opening the ground, it (hall appear that the pipe or pipes fo broke'or burst do not or doth not belong to the water f ;  .  company

10$  Anno  octavo  Geojigii  HI.  c/33.'  fiy67*

Company whole pavior (hall have taken up such pavement and opened such ground; that then, and in such cafe, the Purveyor or other person a$ aforesaid (hail give immediate notice to the pavior of that company to whom it (hall appear that the said ' pipe or. pipes do or doth belong, such notice to be given or left with such pavior, or at his last or usual place of abode; and the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes Audi belong Is hereby required to repair the lame, and' fill in the ground, within two days after such notice given or left as. aforesaid j and also within twenty four hours after such pipe lhall be repaired, and the ground filled in, to give notice to the pavior or paviors th t th°T*De «ontnaing with the (aid commiffioners, or to the surveyor or j doe* not ot^cr potion aforesaid, of such pipe or pipes bong repaired, and long to the such ground being filled in, such notice to be given to such con- , company who tra&or, furveyor, or other perfon, .or left at his or-their last or usual place of abode: and in cafe it (hall happen that the pavior , are to be paid  && receives notice to take up the pavement and open the 1

their charges ground for the purposes aforesaid, lhall take up such pavement by the com- and open such ground, and it lhall then be discovered that the pipe P»"y t®"hom or pipes which is, are, or lhall be burft'or broke do or doth not “ 044 6elonS’ belong to the company to whom he is pavior; that then, and

in such cafe, the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or ! pipes do or doth belong lhall make fetisfaCtion to the pavior who fo took up such pavement and opened such ground for such work: and in cafe the pavior to whom such notice lhall be fo given to take up such pavement and open such ground, lhall1 negleCt or refofe to do the fame within the said two days after , notice given, he lhall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings, for the second offence -the sum of > forty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence the sum of three pounds: and in cafe the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes fo broke or burst lhall belong (hall negleCt or refofe to repair and amend the fame, and fill in the ground fo taken up, for the space of two days next after such notice given, or (hall negleCt to give notice to the pavior or paviors contracting with the said commiffioners, or to the surveyor ! to the laid commiffioners, or to such other perlons as aforefeid ; such pavior lhall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty Ihillifi^s} for the second offence, the sum of forty (hillings} and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds: and if the person or perlons contracting with the laid commissioners to relay such pavements, fo broken or taken up for the reasons aforesaid, lhall neglect or refofe to relay such pavement, in a good, fufficient, and effectual manner, within two days after such notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the surveyor or other person to whom such notice lhall be given lhall negleCt to acquaint the contractor of fooh notice} then, and in every such cafe, the person or perlons fo offending lhall, for the first offence, forfeit the fom of twenty (hillings} -.for the second offence, the sum of forty (hillings; and for the third and every other offence,

thefumof three pounds. .................. -  ■  -

-  ,  XXI.

1767.3 Aimio«£Uvo-Georgii III. c. $f. 107

. XXI. And be it further emftSted by the authority aforesaid, Pariorto That every .pavior now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, wat*r com-. by the (aid feyeral water companies who (hall have any pipe or pipes laid in, through, or under, any of theftreets or lanes with- surveyor or in the district comprized in this act, (hall, and he is hereby re- clerk, of their quired, within the space of eight days next after the palling this na™e* adt, or within the space of three days next after he (hail be ap- abode* pointed pavior to such company or companies, and within the space of three days next after every removal of his abode, to give notice, in writing, to the surveyor or cleric for the time being to the laid commilfioners of his the laid pavior’s name and place , of abode, and to what company he is pavior : and in cafe any such pavior (hall neglect or refuse to give such notioe within the refpebtive times aforefaid; every such pa-vior, fo offending in either of the said cafes, (hall, for the first offence forfeit the sum of twenty fhillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty (hillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XXlL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No alteration That no person or persons (hall make, or cause to be made, any *° be made in alteration in the form of any of the pavements of the (aid (Ireets J{j*  -

or lanes, or of any part thereof, without the consent and direc- mTn” tion of the (aid commilfioners, or any five or more of them, un- out consent of der their hands and feals, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such the commif-offence, the sum of five pounds over and above all expences in- fioncrt* curred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the fame.

XXIH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Courfe of That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffio-Sutt*” ??l>e ners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to dire# and cause the course of any gutter or channel running in or through the said (ireets or lanes, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such manner as they (hall think, proper; and to di-redt the grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any fewers, to be removed or replaced in such manner, and at such place and places, as they (ball think most proper; all which (hall, from time to time, be done at the expence of the (aid commif-fioners, and paid for but of the money arising by virtue of this adt; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Where it (had That when and So often as there (hall be occasion to.make new beneceffarjrto or additional grates over any fewer or (ewers within the said mt«’or"re-(ireets or lanes, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the pair old ones, old grates belonging to the commilfioners of sewers in the said commiflion-fireets or lanes, or any of them, the fame (hall be made new,er* of fewer* repaired, or altered, by and at the expence of the (aid commif* “e ex* fioners of fewers; and the fame, when fo made new, repaired, ^ or altered, (hall be laid down in such places, and at such difiance from each other, and in such manner and-form, as shall be directed by the surveyor to the commilfioners for putting this adt in .execution, at the expence of the said cotnmifltooers of fewer?; and in cafe the. laid commUfioners of sewers flull-ntr

the commif-fioners of (fewers.

*08  Anfto’oftavo Georgii III. c.33.  £17671

glcft or refuse fo to do for the space of fix days next after notice given or left with their clerk or gferks for the time being; it mail and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners appointed by this aft, or any five or more of them, or their fur-veyor, to cause such grate or grates as (hall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid downrto be fo made new,

( .  repaired,  altered, and laid down; the expehce whereof (hall be

reimburfed and paid by the said commissioners of fewers, or recovered of them in like manner as the charges and expences of relaying pavements is herein before authorized to be recovered. Sewers, &c. to XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be repaired^by That when and fo often as any fewer or drain, which is or (hall — jjg unjcr the direction of the commissioners of fewers, and which (hall be situate in, or communicating with, the faidftreets or lanes, or any of them, (hall require to be made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied; then, and in every such cafe, the said commissioners of sewers (hall, within fix days after notice given to, or left for, their furv'eyor or clerk for the time being, at his last or usual place of abode, by the said commif-fioners appointed to put this aft in execution, or any five or more them, or by the surveyor or other person authorized by them, to make new, efFeftually repair, clean, or empty, such fewer or drain, as the cafe may require; and in default thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners appointed by this aft, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor for the time being, to cause such fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleanfed, or emptied, as the cafe may, require* or fo much thereof as (hall remain unfiniflied; the charges and expences whereof (hall be paid by the commissioners for putting this aft in execution* who (hall be reimbursed the fame by the clerk or treasurer for the time being to the commissioners of fewers: and in cafe the said clerk or treasurer to the said commissioners of sewers (hall neglect or refuse to pay vfhat (hall have been fo paid and di(burfed, within ten days next after notice thereof (hall be left at the dwelling-place or lad place of abode of such clerk or treafurer; which notice (hall be. in writing and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for put* ting this aft in execution, and annexed to the bill containing an account of such charges and expences; it (hall and may be lawful, to and for the said laft-mentioned commiflioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impower-ed to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their clerk for the time being, against such clerk or treasurer of the said commissioners of sewers for the time being, tor the recovery of such sum or sums of money as they (hall have fo expended for the purppfes aforefaid; in which action or actions no eflfoin, proteftidn pr wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.  -  '

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no person or perlbus whatsoever (hall throw, call, or lay, or caufe, or permit* or fufFer, to be thrown, 'call, or hud, any alhes, dull, dirt, foil; or other filth whatfoever* before

Penalty on laying allies, Sic. in the ftreets*

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. $3:  109

any dwelling-houfe, (hop, liable, building, or wall, in any of the streets or lanes within the district comprized in this ad; but (hall keep, or cause the .fame to be kept in their respective houses or yards, until such time as the person or perlons con* traded with or employed to carry away such alhes, dull, dirt, filth, or foil, do come by or near their houfes, doors, or places where they dwell, with a cart or carts, or other conveniencies, for carrying away the fame; upon pain of forfeiting, for the first offence, the ium of five killingsj for the second offence, the sum of ten Ihillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of twenty Ihillings.

' XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, Penalty on That if any person or persons lhall, from and after the laid obstructing second Monday next after the palling of this ad, fet out, leave, *he ftre^M> **• or lay, any cart, dray, waggon, or other carriage, wheels, tim- ^^T*^** ber. Hones, or other materials, matters, or things, which may * occasion any annoyance,' riuilance, or obstruction whatfoever, in the said streets or lanes, or any of them, fo as to obftrud, incommode, or endanger, any person or perfons, carriage or carriages whatfoever, palEng thereon; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, lhall be suffered to Hand in any of the said streets 01 lanes aibrefaid longer than is needful and proper for . the necessary loading or unloading thereof refpedively; of if any such cart, dray, or other carriage, lhall be placed or let across any part of the said streets or places within the laid diftrid, or any of them, for the purposes of loading or unloading the lame; it lhall and may be lawful in any of such cafes for the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, either at any meeting in pursuance of this ad, or without any such meeting, to cauK the laid carts, waggons, or other carriages, together with the horse or horfes, and loading and loadings, belonging thereto, and such other matters and things respectively making or occasioning such annoyance, nuifance, or obftrudion, to be ' removed, taken, carried away, and depolited, in such place or places as the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, lhall diced or appoint; there to remain until the offender or offenders lhall have paid and discharged all cods, charges, and expencps* attending the carrying away and depositing the fame as aforesaid, as also a sum not exceeding forty Ihillings for each such offence.

XXVIQ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons lhall run, drive, draw, or aule wheel-to be run, driven, or drawn, on any part of the foot pavements on fooTpave"-of the said streets or lanes, or either of them, any wheel orments. wheels, fledge, wheel-barrow, or any carriage whatfoever, such person or persons (hall forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of ten Ihillings; for the second offence, the sum of twenty (hillings ; and for. the third and every other offence, the sum of forty Ihillings.

XXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hords. &c. authority aforefiud, That it lhall be lawful for any person or m*y•* "?*de

. ,  persons  forbu,Wu*s

I to

and repairing, with, leave.

Foot pavements to be IWept every day, except Sundays;

Mamet of ftreets, &e. to be fixed on the corner of the houfes*

Signs, See. to be regulated*

Anno odtavo-GisoRGn IIL Cvj#.' bi^7» perfoos tt> ered or fet up, or cause to be eroded or fist up, its the said streets or lanes, any indofure, pofts^ bars, or tails, or other matters or things for the purpose of making mortar, and' depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, forhuilding or repairing any boufes, buildings, or other works; every such per-fon or persone first obtaining leave under the hand of the for-veyor or clerk for the rime being to the find commiffioners, for those purposes relpedively, which he is hiereby impowered to

r’ >e by their permiffion, signed by three or more of them: but any person or persons mall ered or fet up, or eaufeto be erected and fet up, any such incldfures, polls, bars, or rails, or any other matter or thing, for the purposes aforesaid, without such leave first had and obtained} every foch person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding, twenty (hffifngs for every hour such mcloifure, matter oc riling as afore-faid, mail remain and continue.

XXX.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore-£ud, That all and every person and persons inhabiting within the said streets and lanes (hall, from and after the Second Monday next after the palling of this ad, (weep and clean, or caufo to be (wept and ckanfed, the foot-paths before their respective houfes, buildings, and walls, once id event day between the hours of fix and nine in the forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon pun of forfeiting five (hillings for every uegled therein.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fiud commiffioners, or any five or mere of them, may order and direct the houses within the find streets and lanes, or any of them, to be numbered with figures (diced qr painted on the doors thereof, or on such other port of the said houses respectively as they the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper ; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise deicribed, on a confpkuoos part of some house or other building at or near the end or comer of each street or hme within rite said district comprized in this ad refpedively, the name by which foch re-fpedive ftieet or lane fo adjoining is ufoally or properly called or known: and if any perron or persons mail wilfully or ma-licioufly deftroy, injure, obliterate, or define, any such number, figure, name, or defeription, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the feme to be done, and (hall be convicted thereof by his' or their own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefies, before one or more justice or jufti-ces of the peace acting in or for the county or (dace where fitch offence (hall be committed; every foch person fo offending (hall, for even such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the said second Monday next after the palling of this ad, the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall cause all figns, which then or at anytime after (hall be placed or hung in any part of the laid streets or lanes, to be fixed or placed on the fronts of such houses respectively w hereunto

Ill

1767.] Anno octavo Gboroii III. c. 33.

unto the fame fhaH belong} and alio (hall and may cause all sign irons, pods, boards, {pouts, gutters, pent-houfcs, 'or other things, occasioning any obftruCtion or annoyance in the laid streets or lanes, to be removed or altered, in such manner as the said commiffioncrs, or any five or more of them, (hall think rood proper and convenient; and that for the future, all figns, boards, fpouts, or gutters, (hall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houfes, ihops, warehoufes, or buildings, ^hereunto they refpeCtively belong, as the said commiffioncrs, or any five or more of them, mall direct, and not othgrwife: and if any person or persons (hall at any time hereafter hang, place, ereCt, or build any fign, sign pod or iron, board, fpout, or gutter, or cause the fame to be done, in any other manner than as afore-faid, or (hall in any manner occasion any incroacbment or an> noyance in the said streets or lanes} every such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXXIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Signs, fte. tut. authority aforesaid, That if any, or any part of any, such fign, uied^tobere. sign iron, or poft, board, gutter, fpout, pcnt-houie, or otherturnea* projection, (hall remain unused after the alteration made thereto as before directed, the fame (hall be returned to, and be the property of, the person to whom the fame belonged before such removal or alteration.

XXXIV.  And whereas tie said streets and lanes art, in feme Step, See. farts thereof greatly obftruCted* and made dangerous to foot paf- projecting too fengers, byfiefs being brought out from boufes*fiefs, and doors* going far. to be re-down into cellars* vaults* and other f laces* and by Jbew-glaJfts* flew- aar * boards* and other nustters or things projecting from flops or boufes

over and beyond the area belonging to such boufes* of into the footways } be it therefore cnafted by the authority aforeiaid. That from andafter the (aid second Monday after the passing of this aft, all such steps projecting into the footways of the said streets ana lanes, and all steps and doors going down out of the footways into any cellars, vaults, or other places, belonging to any houfe,

(hop, warehoufc, or tenement, as likewise all mew-glafies or fhew-boards projecting over and beyond the areas or into the footways, and all and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any houfe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other building, which do or (hail cause or occasion any nuifance, annoyance, incroachment, or obftruftion, in the (aid streets and lanes, or any of them (either in the foot or carriage-way thereof) (hall be, at the expence of the said commiffioncrs, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such manner and form, as (hall be approved of by the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or their furveyor, by their direction.

XXXV.  And* for defraying the marges and expenses attending

the execution of the ftveral powers by this ail granted* be it further . enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the passing of this aft, a rate or afieffinent (over and above all rate* r * and aneflinents now payable) (hall once in every year, or oftener,

^ if it (hall be thought needful by the find commiffioncrs, or any

cuo#

112  Anno  octavo  Georgii III. c. 33.  [1767.

nine or more of them* be made, laid,. and a {felled, by the said commiflioners, or any nine or more of them, upon, alf and every person and persons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said streets or lanes comprized in this, aft ; which rate or assessment (hall be made at Or after the rate of nine pence in the pound, for every year, of the yearly rent or yearly value of such lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements refpedtively.

Kates how to XXXVI. And it is hereby further enabled. That the said be coUe&ed. several rates fo to be made or aflefied under this ad, (hall be collected half-yearly by the clerk of the said commissioners for the time being, or such other person and persons as the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint to Manner of  collect the fame: ana if any person or persons (hall refufe,

recovery.  negled, or omit, to pay the sum or sums of money at which ■

he, or they, (hall be fo rated or aflefied, for the space of ten days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation of such person or persons ; then, and in every such cafe, it (hall and may be lawful ; to and for the said clerk, or other person or persons fo to be appointed colledor or colle&ors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the fame by distress and sale of the goods and chatties of such person or persons fo neglecting, refilling, or omitting to pay the fame: and in cafe no such goods or chatties can be found to be fo diftrained, or in cafe such goods and chatties (hall be locked up or fecured, or removed from the said clerk, or other collector or collectors, fo that he or they cannot distrain the fame; then, and in either of the said cafes, upon information thereof given to any two justices of the peace for the said county or place, it (hall and may be lawful for such juftices, and they are hereby required to commit ‘ the person or persons fo aflefied, and refilling or neglecting to pay the said rates, to the common gaol for the county or place where such person or persons (hall reside or (hall be found, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any rime not exceeding the space of one month, or until the payment of such rate or afleffment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the non-payment thereof.

XXXVII. And whereas many houses within the said streets and Janes are by the several owners and proprietors thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be diftiettlt to recover futh rates and ajfejfments when made; for remedy whereof. Where houses ^ further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xnat it (hall are let out in and may be lawful to and for the (aid commiflioners, or any tenement*, five or more of them, from rime to time, and at all rimes when be affifibcL t0 *^*7 meet to make a rate in pursuance of this aCt, to rate and anc assess the owner or owners of such houses or tenements as (hall be let to or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate and afleflinent (hall be paid by one or more of the tenants or occupiers of any-part or parts of such houfes; and in cafe any occupier or occqpiers of any part of such houses or tenements

(hall

xy6y,J Anno octavo Georgii III.1 c. 33.

lhall refuse to pay the fame, then the said rate and assessment lhall be levied by distress and fate of the goods of him, her, or them, fo refilling to pay the fame: and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements refpedively.is and are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum and sums of money as (hall be ' fo rated or assessed on the owner or owners of such houfes, in* pursuance of this ad, and to dedud the fame out of the rent thereof; and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such dedudions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of their rent; and every such tenant, paying such rate or rates, assessment or afleflments, lhall be acquitted and discharged for fo much' money as the * said rate or rates, assessment or afleflments, lhall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such perfonor persons to whom his, her, or their rent Ihould have been or lhall be due and payable.  ....

XXXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Rates for

authority aforefaid. That it lhaU and may be lawful for the said houses under

commiflioners, or any five or more of them, from time *0 time,

. . , „. J  .  7  .  .  ..  .  may  be com-

to compound with the owner or owners, proprietor or-proprie- pounded, for.

tors, of any such houfes, or any other houses within the said streets and lanes, the annual rent or value whereof lhall be' under ten pounds, for the rate by this a61 authorized to be laid upon such houfes, foas in such cpmpofition there* be not remitted to any such owner or 6wners, proprietor or proprietors refpedively, more than one third of the rate by this *d laid upon such houses refpedively.  '  '  .

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aford- Where houfes

faid, That in cafe it lhall fo happen that any of the*lands,  *

houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, ^nerito be * or any part or parts thereof, withm the said streets and lanes, or only charged r any of them, lhall, at anytime, from and after the making one half of of the said rate or rates, assessment or afleflments, be empty, the »te$| uhtenanted, or unoccupied; that then, and in every such cale,  *  *

one half of the said rajte or rates, assessment or afleflments; or

one half of such other rates as may be assessed by virtue of this

ad, lhall be paid by the owners or proprietors of such lands,

houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements; and tbepre-

and in cafe of non-payment.thereof, such lands, houfes, (hops, *mffes remain

warehoufes, vaults, cellars, or other tenements, lhall be anda .

the fame are hereby made a security for, agd chargeable with,

fuch arrears.

. XXX VIII. And it is hereby further enaded, That it lhall Dead walls, and may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or ahy*n^Js°H fiye or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such X^und, may times as the rate hereby directed lhall be made, to rate all dead be rated. ~ walls and void spaces of ground adjoining to the said streets and  ';

lanes, at such rate as the said commiflioners, or any five or  v

more of them, lhall judge reafonable, for every yard running* .. measure of such dead walls and void spaces of ground, not ex-, ceeding the rate of two (hillings and fix pence per yard.  Tenants  and

XXXIX. And, to the end the said rates may he more effectually occupiers to Vox. XXVIII. ‘  I  •  collected  pay  the  rates.

M4.  Anno  o6Uvo Georgji IIL C. j j.  [1767.

etlkBed and receivedj, be it further enabled. That all and every tenant or tenants, . occupier or occupiers, of lands, houfes, (hops,. warehoufes, wharfs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and (hall be liable to pay the whole of such rates, when no composition (hall have been made as aforesaid, to the collector or co!le#ors to be appointed as herein after dire#ed. ,

Occupiers - • XL. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforesaid, quitting. That when any person or perfons, who hath or have been without pay- -rated and afiefied by virtue of this ad, (hall quit his, her, or maybefol- theirdwelling-houfe, warehoufe,wharf, (hop,vault, cellar, or lowed. tenement, whereupon such rate or assessment has been made, before, he, (he, or they, (hall have paid the fame, and (hall, afterwards refute to pay the fame, when due and demanded by the person or persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the fame; that then, and in every such cafe, it (hall and . may be lawful to and for the said collector or colledors, and every or any.of them, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more justices of the peace a ding in and for the said county or place (which warrant the said justices are hereby authorized and required togrant) to enter into any place within their respective jurifdiddons, or out of the limits thereof; such warrant being first backed or eounterfigned by feme magistrate in the county, city, or liberty, where the distress is to be made; and to distrain the goods ana chatties of such person or persons fo negle#ing or refufing, and the feme to fell, rendering the overplus (if any such (ball be) upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chatties, after deducing the reasonable charges and expences of such diftrefe and fele.

Agreement, XLI. Provided always, and be it further en'a#ed by the between lend- authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a# contained (hall be aabt  <^eetne(^  9r taken to make void any contra#, covenant, or agree-

ing the par- nient, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the ing, ire. not paving, lighting, or deanfing, the said ftrecta and lanes, or any vacated. part of them, or either of them; but that every person who is how, by virtue of any such contra# or agreement, obliged to pave or keep in repair any part of the said streets or lanes, or any of them, , (hall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the rates hereby dire#ed to be made and aflefled, or To much thereof as (hall by the said coqnmiflioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed just and reafonable, according to the true meaning of such contra#, coyei^nt, or agreement, tor and during such time as such contra#, covenant, or agreement, (hall remain in force: and in cafe any dispute (hall arise concerning such contra#, covenant, or agreement, the said comtniflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have power, and they are hereby required Pavements to hear and finally determine the feme, liable to be XLII. And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforesaid, repaired by That where any part or parts, of the pavements of the faid. Sk tobere- ^rcets or ^anes hath or have been accustomed or ought to be paired at their P*vcd apd repaired by. any. particular parish or parUhes, bodies ejytence.by politick or corporate, and not by the owners or occupiers of the houses or other buildings adjoining to. the pavement of the faid

ftreets

1767O Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.  ti5

ftreets and lanes rcfpeCtively, the fame (hall be paved and fe- the commif-paired at the expence of the respective parish or parifhes, bodies fionen pa. politick or corporate, by the pavior or paviors contracting with,yiors* or employed by, the said commiflioners.

XLIII. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful or the com. for the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, from itnffioners time to time, to compound and agree for the fame, with any parish or parishes, or bodies politick or corporate, for a certain jfadTpariihef, turn of money, by the foot of other meafure, as the laid com-miflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think reafonable.

XLIV. And whereas the money te be collected by'the said rate Truftees may will not be sufficient for the pttrpofcs of this aCt\ be it further «re& a turn-ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the said commissioners Pjfj*,an^ ta*t® under this a£t, or any five or more of them, or such periontou* and persons as they (nail nominate and appoint for that pur. pole, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and im. powered to ereCt and fet up, or cause to be erected and fet up, a gate or turnpike, in, upon, and acrofs, the said high street called Holywell Street, between the. Couth fide of Shoreditch^

Churchy and the north fide of the road leading to Bethnal Green $ and also to ereCt or provide a toll-houfe, in such manner as the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper $ and to receive and take the sum of one halfpenny, be. fere any horffc, mare, gelding, or mule, whether drawing or not drawing, (hall be permitted to pass through such gate or turnpike, which shall be demanded and taken as a toll or duty; and the money fo to be received and collected, shall be voted in the said commissioners for the purpoles of this aCt.

XLV. Provided always. That no person having paid the said T?H* *° ** toll, for any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, and producing * Hu*. ono* note or ticket denoting the payment thereof, (which .note or J‘ ticket the collector of the said tolls is hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the said tolls) shall be liable to pay the fame toll again, for the fame horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the fame day, to be computed from twelve of the clock at night to twelve of the clock in the succeeding night.

XLVl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tolls maybe That it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or per- Juried by di-fons as the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, *“*“

(hall, from time to rime, nominate and appoint to demand and

take the said tolls hereby granted and made payable, to levy

the fame upon any person or persons who fhall, after demand

made thereof, neglect or refute to pay the fame, by distress of

'any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, upon which such tolls are

by this a& impofcd, or by distress of any other of the goods or

chatties of such person or persons who ought to pay the fame,

and to detain and keep the said cattle, goods, or chatties, until

fuch tolls, with the reasonable charges of distraining and keep.

ing the fame, shall be paid j and it shall and may be lawful to  .

and for such person and persons fo diftraining, after the space of  fold aftsr

five days next after such distress fo taken, to fell the horfe, mare, < days.'

1 a  gelding.

ii 6

Penalty on evading the tolls.

Commlflion-ers may er«6l gates across New Inn Yard, King John’s Court, Ca(h*s Alley, and Dirty Lane.

Foot passages to be left on oach fide, &c.

For borrowing money. 1

Anno oGtavo Georgii III. c. 33. [r 757.

gelding, or mule, or goods, fo diftrained, returning the overplus (if any) upon demand, to the owner thereof, after such tolls, and the reasonable charges of such distress and fale, (hall be dedudted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That if any person (hall forcibly or wilfully evade the payment of the toll by,this adt granted, by riding or driving any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, through the said gate or turnpike,* without paying such toll such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty or forfeiture is by this adt directed to be recovered, levied, ana applied.

XLVIII. And whereas there are certain ways or pajfages called New Inn Yard, King John’s Court, Ca(h’s Alley, and Dirty Lane, all leading into Holywell Street aforesaid, by pajjing through which, the payment of the toll hereby granted may be evaded* and the purposes of this aft frujlrated; be. it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the. said commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to erect any gate or gates in or across any or all the said passages or places called New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cajh's Alley, and Dirty Lane, in such manner as they (hall think proper, fo as to prevent any horse from pafftng through the fame.

XLIX. Provided always, That a passage (hall be left open for persons on foot in each of the said ways or paffages; and. also that the inhabitants of each of the said places (hall have permission to pafs, from time to time, through such gate as (hall be erected in the yard, court, alley, lane, or place, in which they (hall respectively refide, with their catde and carriages, without paying any thing for pafiing .through the fame.

L. And whereas the Money to be coUefted and received by virtue of Ms aft will be insufficient for the speedy carrying the several pur-pofes hereby intended into execution ;/be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the said commifiioners, or any nine or' more of them, for the uses and purposes in this adt mentioned, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of fourteen thousand pounds, for the abiolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such contributor refpedlively, or the natural life of such other perlbn or persons as (hall be nominated by or on the behalf of iuch. contributor or contributors.refpedlively, at.the time of payment of his, her, or their respective contribution-money, fo as the said annuity or annuities do not exceed the rate of nine pounds by the hundred, and fo in proportion for any greater or less sum to be paid as aforesaid, and fo as the laid annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this adl, do not at any one time exceed in the whole the sum of one thou&nd two hundred and sixty pounds.

LI. And be it further enadted. That all and every the annuity

1767 ] Anno octavo Georgii IIJ. c, 33.  117

nuity or annuities fo to be purchased under and by virtue of this Annuities a<5t, (hall be and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid charged upon and payable, from time to time, put of the monies arising by the tolls, rates, and a(Te(Tments aforesaid ; and all and every the contributor and contributors, upon the credit of this adt, duly paying the consideration or purchafe-money at the rate afore*

(aid, for any /ueb annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or his, her,

or their respective executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns,. (hall

have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this adk

to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities

fo to be purchased out of the said tolls, rates, or afieffments, by

this adt appointed for the payment thereof as aforesaid, during

the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by

each such purchaser or contributor as before-mentioned; and and deemed *

that all and. every such purchaser and purchafers, and their jj

executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall have good, fure, abr c a e*$

folute, and indefeasible estates and interefts. in the annuity or

annuities fo by him, her, or them respectively to be purchafed*,

according to the tenor and true meaning of this adl; and thatnot charge-

none of the said annuities (hall now or hereafter be subject or j^nd tax*1*

liable to the tax charged or to be charged upon land by. author

rity of parliament$ and that every contributor upon this adfc

for the purchase of any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid,

his, her, or their aftigns, qpon payment of the coniideration or ,

purchafe-money, (hall have a receipt or receipts for the fame,

and also an order on parchment (which may be made without

any damp) for payment of the said annuity or annuities, for

and during the natural life of the person who (hall be fo nomir

nated as aforesaid, by quarterly payments ; which, order (hall Receipts and

be signed by the said commiftioners, or any nine or more ofpavmentt0be

them ; and after signing thereof, the fame (hall be firm, valid, figned, &c.

and of good effect in the law, according to the true purport and

meaning of this a£h

LII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be Annuities lawful to and for any purchaser or purchasers of any such an- may be af-nuity or annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, figned, adminiftrators, or aftigns, at any time oir times, by writing or writings under bis, her, or their hand or hands, to afiign such . annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or interest thereon, to • • any person or persons whatfoever, and fo toties quoties % and a memorandum or entry of all such orders and aifignments (hall boomade in the book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the. charge of the said commiftioners; for which entry or memo* .. .... randum, two (hillings and (ix pence (hall be paid, and no mores and no such assignment (hall be deemed valid, unless such me-  *

morandum or entry (hall be first made as aforefaid.  %  >

LIII. Provided always. That as such annuitant or annuitants As annuitants (hall die off, and such rates or afleflTments can be lowered and die, the rates reduced, and some part of the said tolls can be taken off, thet0 bc lowered, fame (hall be fo done from time to time, in such manner and • proportions as the justices of the peace for the said county of

13  Mtddkfexy

u8  '  Anno  o£Uvo  Georgii III. c. 33.  [1767.

Mtddlefex, at their general or quarter session afiembled, (hall order and direft.

Provifo.  LIV.  Provided always. That until the said turnpike fo to be

ereAed (hall be taken away, and the pafiage of the said high street laid open and freed from toll, the (aid rates and afiefiinents (hall not be reduced to less than fix pence in the pound.

Monies railed LV. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, com" That all monies raised or colleAed by virtue, or by means, or _ 10 n* under the authority, of this aft, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said commiifioners, and (hall be applied for the purpoles of this aft, and to or for no other use or pur-pofe whatfoever.

Charges of LVI. Provided always, and be it further enaAed by the to'bet»id>W authorii7 aforefaid. That the charges and expences of procuring ;  and palling this aA, (hall be paid out of the first monies which

(hall be railed by virtue of this aA.

LVII. And whereas the entrance into the faidftreet catted Holy-well Street, through Holywell Lane, is greatly obftrufled by a bouse , at the north east concert which projeBs fo far into the feud high street failed Holywell Street, as frequently to cause carriages fo be overturned: and whereas the street or lane called Hog Lane, which it another avenue into the said high ftreet, is very narrow and incommodious, occaftoned by two houses and a finallyard projecting into the said lane on the north fide thereof whiff houses and yard are now in the occupation of John Latham, John Williams, and George Spencer: and whereas the pafiage of the find high street is greatly obftrufied by a certain houfi belonging to the prebend s/'Hoxton precinct, and let or leafed to Richard Rofe, a carpenter, standing upon a fmatt detached piece of ground at the north east comer of the said high ftreet, near the church: and whereas the find entrance of the road from Kingfland, into the said high street called Holywell Street, is very narrow and dangerous; and it would be greatly for the benefit of the publick, if the houses from the corner tf the high ftreet, on the north east fide, as far as a certain house known by the sign of The Cherry Tree, were taken down, and rebuilt further back; and also that the other houses and premifies, before deferibed in the said high Jlrtet and Hog Lane, were removed Jo far back as to render the fevered pafiages safe and commodious; be it further Houfes necef* enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That the said commifiioners, ^Zedd* or »y nine or more of them, (hall have full power and au-may be pur-’  *°  tteat  and  agree  with  the  owners and occupiers of,

gK»fed by ths and all other persons interfiled in, such of the said houses commiiEoners. and premifies as the said commiifioners, or any nine or more of them, (hall think necefiary to be purchased for opening the ,  - said streets and pafiages, and to purchase and become pofiefied

of. the fame; and upon payment of such sum or sums of money as (hall be agreed upon for such purchafes, to cause such houses and buildings, or fo much thereof as (hall be necefiary, to be pulled .down, and such grounds, or fo much thereof as (hall be necefiary, to be laid into the said ftreets, ways, and pafiages, for the widening and improving the feme, and

to

1767.] Anno to&avo GeoUgii III. c. 33.  119

to pay thi purchafe-money, and all expences attending such purchafes, out of any monies anting by virtue of this a£t.

LVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-Xhat it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, truftees, 0f Und»m and feoffees in truft, guardians, and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs, and fuc-cefibrs, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other persons whatfoever, and to and for all femes-covert who are or (hall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every perfoii and perrons whomfoever, who are or (hall be seised or possessed of, or mterefted in, any of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to fell and convey all or any of the said lands* tenements, or hereditaments, feftates, and interefts, or any part thereof, to the said commiffioners, or any nine or more of them ; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances, which (hall be made by such persons as aforesaid, (hall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, hut also to convey all right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, of their several and respective ceftuiquc trulls, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, Femes-covert, or other persons whomfoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: and all such persons fo conveying as aforesaid (hall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue or in pursuance of this a&, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter of form whatfoever: and it it mall happen that any person or perfons, bodies politick, cor- Perfons refnfc

!>orate, or collegiate, or other person or persons seised or pof- “St0 trcatt effect of, or interested in, any Iuch lands, tenechents, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, Khali refuse to treat or agree for the sale and conveyance of their refpeftjve estates and interests therein, with the said commiffioners, or with any person or persons au- . . thbrized by theft), or Audi not produce and evince a clear title to the premisses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the KatisfaAton of the said comrhiffioners, of of the

!>erfon or persons fo authorized by them; then, and in every uch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said com- rv> iniffioners, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to ers to issue a issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the "ar^nt*° sheriff of the county of Middlefex^ who is hereby authorized, ^ film, directed,, and required accordingly to impanel, fummon. ana n,«n a juryj return, a competent number of substantial and difintereftcd perfons, qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty eight, nor ' tnore than seventy two; and out of such persons fo impanelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve men Khali be drawn who are toh*

*  '  *  **.  drawn as the

*4  by

[t20  Anno odlavo Georgii III. 0.33*  [17<5^-

by fome,perfon to be by the said commissioners appointed, m such manner as juries for trial of issues joined in his Majesty*s CQurts at ffisjiminfter,. by a,n a<ft made in the third year of the '  - - reign of KXn^ George the Second*, intituled'. An aft for the better

• • *•'« \ regulation of 'Juriesy ‘are directedto be drawn; which persons fa ••• to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said commiffiori-ers, or any fiVCor more of them, at such time and place as in. such warrant dr warrants, precept or precepts, (hall be diredlea . Jurors may be ^nd appointed ; and all parties concerned (hall and may have challenged, their lawful* challenges'againft any of the said jurymen, but Witneffesmay shall not be at liberty to challenge the array ; and the said be examined7 commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby autho-uponoath, rized and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occasion (hall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomfoever, who (hall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a witnefe or witi\efles before them, off their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premifles; and the'faid commiflioners, or any five or .more tof them, if they think fit, (hall and may likewise authorize thd said jury to view the place or places in queftion, in such manner as they (hall direct; and the.faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have power to adjourn such meeting, from day to day, as occasion (hall require, and to com~ mand such jury, witnefleS, and parties, to attend, until all such Jury to assess affairs for which they were summoned (hall be concluded ; and the damages, the,faid jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons a$ (hall be called upon to give evidence, the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are'hereby impowered to adminifter) (hall enquire of and '  assess the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

, . and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and in-Cominiflion- terefis claimed therein, or in any part thereof; and the said finaTjmlge- commiflioners,/or any five pr more of them, (hall and may ment thereon, give judgement, that the sum or sums of money fo to be affefl-ed be the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such fefpedtive estates and. interests therein*; which said ver-i Previous no-, or verdi&s, and the said judgement thereupon (notice tice to be -;n vyritirtg* being given to the person dr persons interefted, or ^rintere'fted timing to he* at least fourteen days before the time of the ’meeting of the said coramiflioners and jury^ by leaving such notice at* the dwelling-houfe of such person or perfons, ‘ or at "/ his, her, or* , their usual place/or places of abode, or with . /'. some tenant or occupier of some of the said lands, tenements,

'  m  or hereditaments, intended to be valued and afiefled, in cafe

-•» such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such ‘  hotiefe) (hall be binding and conclusive as to value, as well

iagainft the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, as against every other person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate,

*  and againft: air other persons whomfoever, claiming any eftate^

right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft, in, to, or out of, the said •  -  •*  *  lands.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c, 33.

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premifles, either in * pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or expeftancy.

LIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Upon pay-payment of the sum or sums of money fo to be awarded or ad- “te®* the Judged, to the person or persons to whom the fame (hall be fo IremiffSto awarded, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, or here- be conveyed ditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein* to the com-fuch person or persons (hall make and execute, or procure to bq miffiooers. made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, alignments, and affurances, in the law, to the said commiflioners, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money (hall be fo awarded; and (hall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, arguments, and affurances, and (hall do all acts, matters, and things neceffary. to make good, clear, and perfect title to the said commissioners : and in cafe the person or per- Where a good fons to whom such sum or sums (hall be awarded as aforesaid, ^nnot ^ lhall not be able to evince their title to the premisses to the {^2 convey- • satisfaction of the (aid commiflioners, or any nine or more of ance execut- ; them, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and ed,&c. legal conveyances thereof, or (hall refuse fo to do,* being thereto - required, and the ftim or sums fo assessed and awarded being produced ,ahd tendered to.be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, aflignments, or aflurances* as afore-faid ; or in cafe such person or perfons, to whom such sum or or the parties sums of money (hall be fo awarded, cannot be found; then, are not to be and in every luch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for found, &c. the said commiflioners, or any nine or more of them, to order the said sum or sums of money, fo assessed and awarded as the value of, and purchafe-money for, the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of Chancery, to be placed to his account to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements,orhereditaments(defcribingthem)fubje<fttotheorder, controul, and difpofition, of the said court of Chancery \ which said court of Chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such fum, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, (hall be, and is hereby impowered, in a luminary way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame court (hall seem meet, to order distribution thereof according to the refpe<5tiye estate of eftates, title, or intereft, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said court, and according to the value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make such other order in the premisses ds to the said court (hall seem just and reafonable; and the caftiier or cafhiers of *the bank of England, who (hall receive such sum and fums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts * for such sum or fums, mentioning and Specifying for frhat pre-

\ tniffes.

in

Verdi&s, &c. t6bc regifter-

Copies good evidence.'

On such payment, premises toveft in the com-mtfEonera.

Commiffion-ers may in-veft money ii the publick funds, &c.

Anno octavo Georgii HI. c. 33.  £1767,

miffed, and for whose ufe, the fame is or are received, to such person as pay any such sum or sums into the bank of England., as aforefaid.

LX. And be it further ena&ed, That a memorial of ail such verdi&s, judgements, fentences, decrees, and orders, of the said commissioners and juries, as relate to or concern any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, shall be entered in the office appointed forregiftering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances within the county of Adtd* dlefex\ and the said verdi&s, judgements, fentences, decrees, and orders, (hall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes whatfoever; and the fame, or true copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever 3 and all persons (hall and may have recourse to the fame gratis^ and take copies thereof, paying for every copy not j exceeding two hundred words, fix pence, and fo proportionably for any greater or lesser number of words; and immediately j after such verdi&s, judgements, fentences, decrees, and orders, of the said commissioners and. juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, all the eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money (hall be paid, in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments; and premifies, (hall vest in the said commiffioners, and they (hall be deemed in law to be in the actual pofieffion thereof to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as fully and effe&ually, as if every person having any estate in the premifies had actually conveyed the fame by lease and releafe, bargain and sale inrolled, feoffment With livery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever 3 and such payment (hall not only bar all right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment (hall have been made, but also (hall extend to and be deemed and conftruea to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person or perfons, and all tftates tail in reversion or remainder, and the issue or issues of such person or perfons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do if levied or fuffer-ed by the proper parties in due form of lawi LXI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, or any five 11 or more of them, after such payment into the bank as aforesaid, and before any application in respect thereof to the said court of chancery, at the petition of any person or persons in pofieffion Of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to place out or in-veft, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in some of the publick funds, or on government lecurity, at intereft, in the name of any person ot persons authorized and appointed by the said commissioners for that purpofc, in trust to transfer and afiign the fame to the person or perrons to whom the premifies belong, on their exe-tuting proper conveyances thereof, and in the meantime in

truft

1767.3  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.'  223

truft to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the laid pre-miffes at the time of the (aid payment into the bank.

LXII. Provided alfo, and bis it further enadted, That all and Perfon* intl-every person or perfons, who (hall be intided to recover thetled,*omer?* mesne profits of the premises agamft the person or persons inj^-^ ^ poffeffion, in cafe the fame had not been fo conveyed to, orintereft of the verted in, the said commissioners as afore&id, (hall be intitledp»rchafe-mo-to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interest and divi-^’ dends as aforesaid, by action of debt, or otherwife, against the Commiflion-perfon or persons who lhall receive the fame; ana the faid«*to order commiffioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby powered to make such orders as aforesaid on the bank for theg^^giy/ payment of such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, as lhall be neceffary, in order to the fame being fo inverted in publick fecurities; and the said commissioners mall be quieted' in the possession of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which such money lhall be fo paid as aforesaid, and lhall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity for the money fo deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this aft.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in ^ mooe_ not cafe the said sum or sums fo affdfed by the said jury, and order-tendered, the. ed and adjudged by the said commissioners to be paid to theyerdi&t aiid owners, occupiers, and others, for their respective interests in the premisses aforesaid, lhall not be paid, tendered, or depofitedbfndingf by the said commissioners as herein directed, within fix calendar month* after the fame lhall have been fo afiefied, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such cafe, the verdict of the faid' jury, and the order and adjudication of the said commiffioners, lhall not be binding upon the said parties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the.authority aforesaid, Purchafe mo* That the principal money arising from the sale of any houfes, me* or preedifices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which lhall be trust ^'be m purchased for the purposes contained in this adt, of any body . corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in other pur* truft, guardians, committees, or outer truftees, or from any chafe* to the ■feme covert, lhall be paid to such persons as they lhall refpec-“***• lively nominate to receive the fame, in truft, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to be re-invefted in the purchase of other meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and subject to, the like ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houfes, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which lhall be purchased of them respectively by the laid commissioners as aforesaid, were refpedhvely fettled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchafe, or fo many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and fettlements, (hall be existing and capably of taking effetfh

LXV. And

Conveyances by femes-co-vert inrolled tg.be effc&ual

. and To all other bargains and fales'for the purposes of this aft.

Perfons having any right, cic. in lands fo purchafed, to enter their claims within a limited time or be debarred:

Anno octavo Georgii III. c, 33.  [1767*

LXV. And be it' further enafted, That the conveyance of any such estate or interest of any feme-covert to the said com-miflioners, or any person or perlons in trust for them, by bar-* gain and sale acknowledged by such feme-covert, and to oe in-rolled in the said office appointed soir registering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, within the county of Middhfex, within*fix calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and intereft; of such feme-covert in the premifles, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law: and further, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as (hall be purchased by the said commissioners by virtue of and for the purposes of this aft, shall have the force, effeft, and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever, would have if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premisses in trust for or to the use of such bargainer or bargainers in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

LXVI. And. be it further enafted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever having any right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, or demand whatfoever, whether in pof-feffion, reverfion, remainder, or expeftancy, in, to, or out of, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this aft, shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be conveyed to, the said commissioners by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, (hall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inroltnent of such bargain and fale, enter a memorial of such their right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the clerk appointed by the laid commiffioners; which ' book such clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he (hall be intitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of    Middlesexis by law intitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the fame number of words : and all and every person or persons whomsoever not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner, as aforesaid, or having fo entered the fame, and not. prosecuting such their right, claim, or de« mand, with effeft, within the space of five years, to be corner puted from the time of fufch entry,, (hall be for ever barred of all right, title, ufe, equity, property, claim, or demand whatfoever, whether in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expeftancy, in, to, upon, or out of, t,he said premifles, and every part thereof ; and the said commiffioners, and thole claiming by, from, or under them, fhajl be quieted in the possession of" all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and,premifles ; any law, fta-tote, ufage, matter, or thing whatfoever, to the contrary not* withftanding.  *

" LXVIL Pro-

1767*] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.  125

LXVII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted. But at liberty That any person fcr persons barred of any right, title, eftate, in-tereft, claim, or demand whatfoever, in, to, or out of, the said SeyVom'per-lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by virtue of this aft, (hall Tons receiving be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt for money the lame, had and received to his or their use against any person or perfons, or the legal representative of any person or perfons, who received the purchafe-money arising from such falc of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses aforefaid; and that in every such cafe the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the fame, (hall recover the said purchafe-money, or fo much thereof as (hall be equivalent to their interest in the said premifles, together with such interest as (hall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premisses which they should have been intitled to recover in cafe this aft had not been made.

LXVIII. And be it further enafted. That all and every te- After pur-nant at will, or lessee for a year, or other person or persons in toddiw1*"? possession of any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre- fcffion^withia miflfes, or any part thereof, which ihall be purchased by the said fix months af-commiflioners as aforesaid, and who (hall have no greater inte-ter notice, reft in the premisses than as tenant at will, or as lessee by parole  *

for a year, or from year to year, (hall, at the expiration of fix calendar months after notice'in writing left upon the premifles, or fo soon after as he or they (hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premisses to the said com-miffioners, or any person authorized by them, or arty five or more of them, to take possession thereof; and in cafe any such per- On refuting, {on or persons (hall refuse to give such pofleflion, then it (hall and ?^^on|^r# may be lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any five orcepttotheplie* more of them, to ifliie their precept or precepts to the (herifF of riffs to deliver • the said county of Middlefex, to deliver possession of the pre- pofleflion. misses to such person or persons as (hall, in such precept or precepts, be nominated to receive the fame; and the fame (herifF is hereby required to deliver possession accordingly of the said premifles, and to levy such costs as (hall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons fo refilling to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

LXIX. And be it further enafted. That all and every per- Mortgagees, fon and persons who (hall have any mortgage or mortgages onon.te?dcr °f such lands, tenements, and hereditament*, now being in poflef- f^terelT to” fion thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, (hall on convey.1 the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together wjth fix months interest of the said principal money, by the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or by such person or persons as they (hall appoint, immediately assign such mortgage or mortgages to the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they (hall appoint, in trust for them; or in cafe such mortgagee or mortgagees (hall have notice in writing from the said commiflioners, or any five

Annoo&aro Georgii III. c. 33.  £1767.

or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and interest which (hall be due on the said mortgage or mortgage* at the end or expirationlof fix calendar months, to be computed from such notice given; that then, at the end of the (aid fix months, on payment of the principal and interest fo due, such mortgagee or mortgagees (hall assign his, her,or their interest in the premifies to the laid comrniffioners, or such person or per-fons as they, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint, in trust for them j and in cafe such mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refuse to alfign as aforesaid on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage (hall cease and determine.

LXX. And be it further enaded, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into cwamiffioners. the bank, at the end of fix calendar months from such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the ca(h-ier or calhiers of the bank (hall give a receipt or receipts for the (aid money in like manner as is herein before directed in cafes of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, of the (aid mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for him or them, (hall vest in the (aid comtniffioners, and they (hall be deemed to be in the actual poffefiion of the •  premifies comprized in such mortgage or mortgages to all in-

tents and purposes whatfoever.

Montes to be LXXI. And be it further enabled, That all sums of money yid or ten- to be paid pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as afore-

Eadetf fa4*? “y **  ^l1  “J* ^e«by charged

the premifies. and chargeable upon all monies which (hall be raffed or received for the purposes of this ad, and (hail be tendered to the party or parties intitled to the fame; and in cafe of refufel to accept 4 the feme, (hall be paid into the bank of England in the names of any person or persons appointed by the feid comrniffioners, or any five or more of them, for that purpose, in trust for such person or persons as (hall be intitled to receive the feme before the feid commilfioners (hall proceed to pull down any bouse or houfes, or other erections or buildings, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this ad.

1*XXII. And be it further enaded. That the feid commif-fa motui' &>ner*> or any  more of them, (hall have power, from

tending. * time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, on the (aid (heriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiff's or agents refpedivdy, making default in the premifies; and on any of the persons who (hall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries who (hall not appear, or who (hall refuse to be fwom on the said jury or juries, or being fo sworn (hall not give his or their verdid; and also on any person or persons who (hall be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and (hall not attend, or dull refuse to be fworn, or who bring (worn (hall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; and on any other person or persons who (hall in other matter wilfully neglcd his, her, or their duty in the pre-

z  miffes,

%

126

On refufa), interest to ceafe*

PremtfTes to ▼eft in the

ij67.] Anno octavo GeoRGIIIII. c. 3$.  I2jt

miffes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft; and; . from time totime, to kvy such fine or fines hy order of the laid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, by distress and foie of the offender’s goods, together with the.reafonable charges of every such distress and fale, returning the overplus (if any) ta the owner} and all such fines fttall be applied for the purposes of this aft.

LXX1II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commiffioa-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commif&on- e« may ftU ers, or any nine or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of, *ad*’ fo much or such parts of such houfes, lands, and premifles, as shall not be necefiary for the widening of the said streets or paf-feges, for the best price that can be gptten for the frame, applying the money arising thereby for the purposes of this aA.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalties may hid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- be mitigated, miffioners, or any seven or more of them, from time tojtime, to compound and agree with any perfbn or persons against whom, the said commiffioners, or any three or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any adtioa or aftions, fuit or fuits, for any penalty or penalties contained in any contract or contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or non-performance of any such contract or contracts, for such sum or rams of money as they, or any fovea or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or leflen, any other the forfeitures incurred under this ad, fo as the Aims fo compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or da-i mage fiiftained by the breach or non-performance of such con-trad or contra&s, and all the cofts, charges, and expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and fo as the mitigation of the other forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend to remit above one moiety of the foid forfeitures refpe&ively.

: LXXv. Provided ahyays, and be it further enacted by the Perfons ag-authority aforefaid. That if any person shall think himself or grieved may herself aggrieved by any thing dome in pursuance of this ad, and for which no particulamnethod of relief hath been already «L.». appointed, such person may appeal to the just ices of the peace lat any general orquarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Adiddlefen or city of London, within three calendar | months after the cause of complaint shall have arifcn, such ap- •

I pellant first giving, or causing to be given; fourteen days notice at theleaft, in writing, of nis or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk to the foid commiffioners; and within two days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or city, with two sufficient fureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as fttall be awarded by, die justices at foch general or quarter feftions; mid the said justices at fitch feffion, upon due proof of fitch notice bang given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizances, (hall hew and finally determine the causes and

matter

Penalties and forfeitures how to be re< covered and applied*

Commiffioners may reward inforineri.

Juftices may

adminifter

tKtths*

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33I  [1767.

matter of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed agaictft as they the said justices (hall think proper; and the determination of such general or quarter sessions (hajl be final, binding, and conclufive; to all intents and purposes.

• LXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this adt impeded (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other-wife particularly-diredted) (hall be levied and recovered by di-flrefs and sale of the offender’s goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand and feal of one justice of the peace acting in and for the said county of Midilefex; which warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath; and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chatties (hall be fo distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and sale being first deduced) (hall be paid to the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of this ad: and in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith ; it (hall and may be lawful to and for such juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of corre&iori of the said county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months,* nor less than fourteen days, un-lefs such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, (hall be sooner fully paid and fatisfied.

LXXV.IL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to ana for the said commiffioners^ or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they (hall fee caufe, to pay and apply such part of the (aid penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, as they (hall think proper, not exceeding one moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the use of the informer or informers, or any pf thdm; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding

LXXvlII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes where cognisance is given to any justice or justices of the peace by this adt, it (hall be lawful for such justice or justices to administer an oath to any person for his or their more certain information in the matters then depending.

' LXXIX. And be it further enadted, That a book or books (hall be prepared and kept by the said commiffioners, or by such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint, wherein (hall be fairly entered, from time to time, the names of such persons as they, or any five or more of them, (hall nominate and appoint to put in execution the purposes of this adt, and copies of all orders and proceedings relating thereto and alio an account of what monies (hall have been aueffed, railed,

levied.

1767J Aano ofta^o Georgii m. c. 33.  129

levied, and paid* by virtue of this aft, and how the fame (hall have been applied) and the names of the annuitant or annuitants, and what sum or sums he, (he, or they, paid for such annuity or  v

annuities refpeftively, and what he, me, or they, is or are to receive for the fame; which book or books the laid annuitants, or any of them, and all persons contributing to the said rates or afle Aments, may, at al! convenient times, peruse and inspect without fee or reward.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Commiffion* faid. That the said commifiioners (hall at all their meetings un- ers are to deader this aft pay and defray their own expences.  fra7thcir own

' LXXXI. Arid be it further'enafted by the authority afore-expencel’ faid. That where any distress (hall be made for any sum or sums Diftrefs not oif money to be levied by virtue of this aft, the distress itlelf unlawful for (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party pr parties making want0 1011X15 the samp be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceeding^ relating thereto; nor nor the party shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers ab initio,r on account of any irregularity which (hall trefpaffer be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the ab initio. person or perfdns aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full fatisfaftiori for the special damage in an action on the cafe.

LXXXII. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs p|ajntju* not shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, trefpafs, or t0 recover, if other proceedings, if tender of (ufficient amends shall be made tender of * by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have com- amends has mitted, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, tref- bceu madc* pafs, or wrongful proceedings,before such action brought; and in cafe no such tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant pr defendants in any such aftion, by leave of the court where such action shall depend* at any time before issue joined, to pfey into court such sum of money as he or they (hall think fit; whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, shall be had, made, and given* in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LxXXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore- writings to faid. That no nomination, contraft, bond, warrant, judge- be without ment, or other writing Whatfoever, under the hand and feal, orftamP#* hands and feals,of, or only signed by, any commifiioners, or justice orjuftices of the peace,1 or exhibited oefore them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of, or only signed by, any other person or persons whatfoever, relating to the execution of this aft, (hall be chargeable, with any ftamp-duty whatfoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Proceedings fafd, That all orders and proceedings of the said commimoners, to be entered at their meetings, (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept in a book, for that purpose; and such orders and proceedings, fo entered, shall be signed by the clerk or clerks at any meeting of five or morjc of the said commifiioners aflemblcd, as the cafe (hall require ; and* such orders (hall be deemed and taken to be origi-Voi.. XXVIII.  K  .  nal

Proceeding* not to be quaQied for want of form.

nor remove-able by Certiorari.

Limitation pf. a&ions.

Gc^er^j^ue,

Treble colls.

Fu$ckj#.,.

Annp oftavoGEORpnlll. c. gfr £1767*

nal orders; which (aid . book or books ihall and may. he. produced. apd read in, evidence in all courts whatfoever.

LXXXV, ^nd be, it further enaifted by. the authority afore-faid, That no, .proceedings to be hadtouching.thejconyidUon of. any offender or offenders ’ag^unff .this adh or.any,,order, made,, dx other (thatter(cf thing to bpjdone;or.trapped in, orjrelatbigo ty, the execution of this ait, (hall be vacated,or quafhediFor,

. want of form', or be removed by Certiorarj, or any other, writ, or. process whatfoeyer, iqtp any.of.his.Alajefty’s counts of record at t  JVtJlmiftj}crt;, any,  layr. or. ffatute, to. the, contrary - no^witbr •

(landing. .

LXXXVXf And be ft further .exiled, by tbp lauthority afore-faid, That^o action or fu|t,ibau be,commenced ag^inff aqyper* fqnbr perfonsfor any thing done.in^prfuapce ofjthjf ad^, until, twenty one days notice ihall be thereof given m wfitrng. t<a, the c(erk. to the.faid commiifioqervS, or after,/fuffj49nfnhdu’l. fadtipo, or tepdfr thereof, hath.beep.made to thp.par^y.or-.pfirties^ aggrieved^ or after fix.calepdar months next after tnq/ad,cdjn- • netted ,fpr vvnichffucn adlipn.or a&ibns, fuit or fuits* fhallbe. fo., brought; and every suchadUon (hall be brought^, laid, ?nd tried*, in the county or pla^e where.fqch.mart(a»ana;tbuig^efpe;^ively7 ill a 11 be committed or dope, and noyin any other cppqty or. placet, and the defend ant or defendants in fuchadHqnsaqdfqitSjandevery of them, may plpad the .general iffup* and give this apt and the ,

' special matter, in pvideoce,atany.trial or .trials .which (hall be-, had thereupon, at\^ that the matter,or thing,for .whit^ffu<di.ac> tion or adtions, fyn or ,fuits»ftajJdW.fq, brppght, w^sdoae.irp, purfuance, and by (he authority pf tuu.aQ..:' anqff the.faid mat-ter or thing (hall appear to haye been fo dope, or if,it (haLjap-pear thai; such adlion- or fuit was, brought before .twenty- on? days, nptlcq-tnereof given as sfforcfa&or that sufficient fetisudfion was., made or tendered ps ?fprel^id,,or, if any such adUp^.or.,fuit (hall

.  tfiJUW» •**?f*.4«au4'uV i«*V  •

therein: ana if a verdict or verdidls (hall be found fotfuchde-fepdant or dd^O^^tp, orif the plaintiff or plaintiffs in. such motion or adlionr, fuit pr fuits, Ihall become ponfuited, or fuffera dilcontinuau.ee,, of, such a$ipnf or aduon^.or. if .upon, any dp,.. mister, or, demprrers in such adliop.|(?r,adiops» judgement ihall be given fopjhq, defender pr defendants therein,; then, and. in < any of, the. cafrs. aforefaid^fuchdefendqnt or defendantsfliall h^ve,tr,^)Je.coftry^nd(hail have(ucb reipedy for Recovering the,,, fame, as any defendant or defendant; may have for (us* her* or , th«r cofts, inj gqyother cafes by (aiv-,

LXXXyd, Atftd be.it further enacted by the aurhority afiore-fajd,.: That, thh» a<a ihall be taken ,and, allowed,.in all courtse>f,, juftice,;as p pubjjpkp&r, and-att judges, juflices,. andothecs*. are .here,by,required to. take police thereof a&fuch, without the,i fatn.e b^ng|p^iai.iy: pleaded..  v

^67.3 AftMfldfeVoG^

.  ! ;V C AP. XXXIV.

eft to enlarge and vary the term and pmers of an ad fot repair-ing andwidening the road from the weft end of Thames Street, in the (tty if Oxford, over Botley Caufeway, to the turnpike road near Jifield, in the county of Berks 5 and to provide ihoro tjfeftuaUy for repairing and widening the ancient horse read from, the weft end d/* Botley CaufeWay to Witney, in the county of ‘Oxford, ’

, cap. XXxy.

jin ail for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, fevered roads lidding 'te md through 'the town of Goudhurtt in the county \of Kent.

CAP. XXXVI. jtn alt for moling and main lain fag a navigable tana!from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Ffadley Heath, in the county, of . Stafford, With h tdaal now making between 'the ripirs Trent and Merfcy.

CAP. XXXVII.

jin alt for making and maintaining a navigable cut or ednal from, the river Severn, at or near a placf.coded Hawford, in the pdrijfb of Claines, in the county tf/'Worcefter, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the porongb fl/'Droitwich, in thefaid county. CAp. XXXVIII. . jin ati fir making and maintaining a navigable 'hit or caned from Birmingham /s Bilftorte, uutiLfrom thence to Atithdey, these to tOmitiarieatt With the canal neW making bet Wien the rivers Severn and Trent; pud for making collateral cats tip to fk/eral coal bines.

CAP. XXXIX.

An alt to continue the terms drtB enlarge the bqwefs if fevered alts of the twelfth of$hteen Arinfc, ’the tWelfthof King .George the Firfi, and’the twentjjecond ef his late dbfqeliy, fot repairing the road from the dty if Wbmefter, through Droirwlch, to Brotnfgrove, and other rbaos therein mentioned $ and to 'repeal an ail of the twenty eighth year of bis late Majffly fir repairing the toads lying in and leading from Dtoittrich afbrefaH; ant for ainehding the , fevered reads winch were dire&ti to be repaired by the said ati.

CAP. XL.

An aS for rebuilding and enlarging tbt common gholif'fbe city and county of the city of Coventry; and for appointing a plate for the tufiody of prisoners in the mtan rime.

CAP. Xti. ■  ,

An all for continuing andenlargingibe power$ wan ail pojfea in tbt . twenty fourth feir of thi reign of bis late Majejly, intituled, An a£k for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Aid, in the county of Gloutefter, to Frogg Min, through the towns .of North Leathy Bswford, and tPitney, and parilhes of Hdnbotou'gb *nd Bladen, to Canipsfieli, in the patifh of kidlihgton, in the cotirity of Oxford; arid al(b the road from Witney, through Gamer, and Botby> w tfrecity <tf Okferd} tbept K 2  /•

132  Anno-o&avo Georgii III c. 42—47.  £*?  67*

fo math thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eyn-fham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and aljb for repairing and widening the: road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enflow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford* •CAP. XLII.

An aft for enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an aft pajfed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late MajeJIy* for repairing the road from Sunderland near the fea> 'to the city of Durham, in the county {/'Durham.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enlarge. the term and powers of an aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of bis late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile font in Maid (tone, to Tubb’s Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XLIW An act to amend and render more effectual an aft made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty,for supplying the town of Halifax with watery and for better paving, cleanfmg, and lighting* the Jlreets and other places there; and for removing all nujancts* incroachments9 and obftruftions, within the said towny and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue and.render more effectual several afts pajfed for repairing the road leading from The Stones End, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefex, to the far-thermofl part of the nothern road, in the parish of Enfield, in the fame county, next to the parish {/*Che(hunt, in tie county of Hertford ; and for amending the road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to The Market Place in Enfield*

C A P; XLVI.

' An aft for repealing an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majtfty King George the Second, intituled*, An z&. for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and clean-ling, enlightening, and paving, the ftreets, fquares, lanes, and other pauages, and repairing the highways and caufeways, and regulating, the poor within the parish of Saint Mary, le bone, in the county of Middlejex; and for making more effectual proviftonfor those purposes*  .

CAP. XLVII. ’

An aft for diverting,, altering, widening, repairing,, and amending,

'  the road from Huddersfield, in the wejl riding of the county of

York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chefter; and from thenceio a bridge over the river Merfey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

CAP. XLVIII,

*An aft for continuing the terms offeveral afts made in the thirteenth . year of Kitfg George the Firfty and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Maje/iy, for repairing several roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge,

in

THE

Statutes at Harge,

Anno octavo Georgii III. Regis.

\

Being the FIRST Seflion of the

)

Thirteenth Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq»

TttE

STATUTE S at Large,, SifeU

4am. oSOvo GEORG*! Ut

At thf pii'liareent begun and hokl&tvat Wcftmi'n-fttrs the tenth day of Mayy jimro'Dom: iybS\ . in.the eighth year of the reign ofour.S6yereigir Lord GEOJi GM the Third* , by, the, grace,ojf *. Godj of Great- Britain^ Brame; and- Ird&tdy . King, Defender of: the Faith,- &t. Bfeiry* the^ iirit feffipn o£ the thirteenth, parliament of? GreatBritaim

CAZ U.

An all for father rcmtinutsgcertmnvJauis tospmibibityifdtr alimitedtmej tbe^eriparSation-of emu gram? meal? malt, floor, bread, bifeitit, andftareb} andiiljti'tbh- extfu0&n*if* km,. v>iw am jfffiti from wheat and wheat-fltkr\ fair' fatheraHming the, impariationof.hvheat and wheat-flpur*

dm,from tor/ part of Europe? <4*d for\Aknmg/htinar ■ portation -of tints' end tiatumalf. ryemtsebtyumoedy ■ intmthir-‘ Kingdom, fir a limited time, free of duty; and also for eontinuing fucb other laws as will expire before the beginning of the next feffton of parliament.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws berm after men-timed Jhtuld be continued; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enaftedj and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afietnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an aft made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of torn, grain, mad-, malt, flour, bread, bifenit, and flarcb, and also the extraction of low wines and Jpirits from wheat and wheat-flour, as was continued by an aft made in the last fef-lion of parliament, intituled. An act to toutinuo and amend tin aft made in the last ftfflon of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of tom, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and flartb, arid also the extraction of but wines and spirits from wheat and wheat-flour, (hall, together with the amendments and the

other

Preamble*

Sudi part of Aft 7 Geo.J,

as was continued by the recited aft of the last feflion.

together with the amend.

138  Anno octavo Georgii III. c. t:  [1767.

menu and  other provisions contained in the said last mentioned ad, con-

provifioiw  tinue, and ihall be in full force and effed, and be carried into

ther'cmtinn-  exedition, until the twentieth day after the commencement of

ed until the the next fefiion of parliament.  :

twentieth day after the commencement of the next fefiSon.

The following U* And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, mSttof  That the following ads made in the seventh year of the reign

7 Geo. 31  of his prefent.Majeftvj that is to fay. An «d, intituled, An all

for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat-flour, barley, barley-mealy and p»1fe,frfe of duty, into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; andan ad, iritjtuled. An al1for allowing the im-partition, of oats and oat-mealy 'rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty $. whidh said ads were, continued by ait ad made in the last fefiion of parliament, (intituled. Art alt to tontime feverdl alls made in the last fejflon of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat-flour, barky, barley-meal, pulfe,. oats, oat-meal, rye and. rye-meal, duty free-, andalfifo much continued of an all made in the Jake fejjion as relates to the free importation of likewise until from his Mytfly's colonies in-North America, and to allow the ft* AfSnthe importation of wheat and wheat-flour from Mhca,for a limited time, commence- frte Bf Atfj) Ihall continue, ant} ihall be in full force and effed, ment of the and be carried into execution, until the twentieth day after the next fefiion. commencement of the next fefiion of parliament.

°*her ' ID. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, whichhare That all other ads of parliament, aird all clauses and provisions —contained in any ad or ads of parliament, which have continu-onlv until the anceonly until the end of this present fefiion of parliament, or end of this  which will expire before the beginning of the next fefiion of par-

liament, (hall be, and are hereby, further continued until the expire ^fbre end of such next feffiob of parliament.

the beginning of the next fefiion* are further continued until the end of the next fefiion*

THE

Statute* at £arge,

Anno nono Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Sellion of the]

\

Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

*

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Efq;

4

, THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 III, Regis Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernia, nono.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Wejlminjler, the eighth day of November; Anno Dorn. 1768, in the ninth year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Being the second session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.'

CAP. J.

An a& to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, andftarch% and atfo the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of arty fort Preamble.

of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and Jlarch, out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland Jhould be prohibitedfor a further timej be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the > lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present par-liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from No peribn and after the twenty sixth day of November, one thousand seven a?yoFthe hundred and sixty eight, no person or persons whatsoever (hall, commodities directly or indiredly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or here mention, cause or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or con-*<,»fr?mG[ea* veyed, out of or from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or  re*

Ireland% or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be * ' laden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veflel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any fort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, -or (larch, under the penalties and forfei- °® forfeiture J-turns herein after mentioned; that is to fay. That all the faidof the£une» commodities that (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, (hipped, or carried out, contrary to this a&, (hall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders '  L  3  therein

142  Anno  nono Georgii III. c«1.  [176?.

and ips. per therein (hall forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings for every bu(hel comCl rain^1 corn’ Sra*n> ma^’ mea*? or flour» an<* twelve pence for every malt! meal*, pound weight of bread, bifcuit, or ffarch 5 and fo in proportion and flour 5 * for any greater or less quantity which (hall be fo exported* and nd. per (hipped, or put on board to be exported; and also the (hip, breadf biscuit ^oat> or ve^eU uPon which any of the said commodities (hall or ftarch; ' be exported, (hipped, or laden to be exported, and all her and also of the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited; and veffel, &c. one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other mpiety to him or them that will sue for the fame; and for offences In what  which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain called

courts the said England, such penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by Ibed for*and 6 a<^on  bill,  plaint,  or  information,  in  any of his Ma-

recovered. jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier* or before the justices of allize, or at the great sessions in Wales* or by information, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for thfe county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be commit* ted; and in such fuit, no efffoin, protection, privilege, oV wager of law, (hall be allowed ; and for offences which (hall be com* putted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland$ by adrian or summary bill, or information, in the courts of Teflions or ex* I  chequer in Scotland; and for offences which (hall be committed

I  in Ireland, in his Majesty’s courts of record in Dublin, or at

the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or Mailer and place, where the offence lhall be committed; and that the mariners of tnaffer and mariners of any such (hip, boat, or veffel, wherein fcUffifti *c “ any such offence (hall be committed, knowing such offence, liable to f* sind wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and months im- being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, prifonment. (hall be imprifonea for the space of three months without bail or mainpfize.

Officers, and II. And be it fqrther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That other perlons Jt (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, authorized, being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time beings may seize any or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the of the (aid said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this adt, as he ^ppedf&c.S or lbey happen to find, know, or diicover, to be laid on contrary to* board any (hip, or other veffel, or boat at fea, or in any port, the intent of or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to this a ft j  be exported, tranfported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or

together with Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this adt; and also the the veffel. (hip, veffel, or boat, in which the* fame (hall be found 5 and to The goods to bring the said goods to the King’s warehouse or warehouses be* be lodged in longing to the cuffomhoufe next to the place where such seizures the King’s (hall be made, or to feme o:her safe place (where there are no warehoufes* such warehoufes) in order to be proceeded againff according to law; and in cafe of recovery, to be divided in manner a* aforefaid.

III. Prqt

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. i.  143  -

III.  Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein Prohibition contained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such or notrto ext'n^ io much of the laid commodities, as (hall be necessary to be'tj^°Udcom? carried in any (hip or (hips, or other vessel or veflels, in their modities.a*' respective voyages, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport, of the toll be necef-commanders, mailers, mariners, paflengers, or others, in the fa>7 to to fame (hips or vessels only} or for the yi&ualling or providing “n*t^eJev** any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or vessels in his ages j Majesty’s Service, or for his Majesty’s forces, forts, or garrifons) or for hit Ms. any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding. j*fty’*lhip»of

IV.  Provided also, That this adt, or any thing herein con-

tained, (hall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to nor to such M Ihip or put on board any of the commodities aforeiaid, to be (hall be carried carried coaftwif^} that is to fay. From any port, creek, or mem- coaftwifc j ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other ' port, creek or member of the fame refpedively, having such or the like coast cocquet, or Sufferance for that purpose, and Security being such or the like Sufficient Security being first given for the land- first ciren for ing and discharging the fame in Some other port, member, or the due land-creek, of the Said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix ,ng thereof { months, as is required by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coaflwife from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V.  Provided also, That this ad, or any thing herein con- nor to such as tained, (hall not extend to any of the Said commodities which toll be ex-fhall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or from JjjreMBrSsda Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain ; or to Ireland-or from Great Britain or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto from Ireland any of his Majesty’s islands or colonies in America, that have to Great Bri-ufually been Supplied with any of the Said commodities from * °r l®. Great Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants norca, oH8ri-of the said iflands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit thh colonies in of tht.BritiJb filhery in those parts only; fo as the exporter do, America i or before the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the

ifland, colony, or dominion, iflands, colonies, or dominions, the^xporter1 for which the said commodities are respectively defigned, and giving fecuri-do become bound with other sufficient security in treble the va- ty for the du* lue thereof, to the commissioners or chief officer or officers of lading, &c. his Majefly’s customs belonging to the port or place where the fame (hall be (hipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take such security in his Majefly’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe) that such commodities (hall not belauded or fold in any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, iflands, or colonies, for which the fame (hall be fo declared; and that a certificate under the hand and feal of the collector, and returning comptroller, or other , chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no a certificate, fuch, of the naval officer, or some >>ther principal officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed, (hall, within thp refpec-tive times herein after for that purpose mentioned (tne danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the (kid bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the

L3  port

144  Anno notio Gsorgii IIJ. c. i; [176S.

port or place for which the fame (hall he fo declared; and for the taking of such fecurity, and for giving such certificates (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or receiv-OiRcer mak- ed . an(j if any officer (hall make any false certificate of any ti^cate for- ^ucJl comm°dities being fo landed, such officer (hall forfeit the feitsiool. and sum of two hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be is incapaci- incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, in tated.  any office relating to the customs ; and if any person (hall coun-

Other person terfeit, rafe, or falfify, any such certificate, or knowingly pub-ingn&c. any H®1 any such counterfeit, rafed, or false certificate, he (hall for-certificate, * frit the sum of two hundred pounds, and such certificate (hall forfeits aool. he void and of noeffeft5 which said penalties for offences cfexn-&c*  .  mitted in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be recovered in the fame

wliat courts courts> a°d *n fame manner, as the other penalties inflicted to be recover* by this aft are recoverable$ and for offences committed in the ed.  colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions be-

longing to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, (hall be re-A plication covered *n high court of admiralty, or in any chief Court of thereof. civil or criminal jurifdiftion, in such respective colonies, plan-Bonds to be tatI0ns> or dominions; and (hall be divided into equal moieties prosecuted between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or within 3years, bonds, if not prosecuted within three years* (hall be void. Prohibition VI. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-not to extend tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, ^rted^to the ca^es> and factories in Africa, or for the use of the (hips trad-Briti(h forts, ing upon that coaft, that usually have been supplied with the &c. in Africa, fame, from Great Britain or Ireland; fo as the like security be &c*  given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this aft to be

given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonics in America. nor to any of VII. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- I th^d*ald C°m~ ten<* t0 Pr°bibit the united company of merchants of England porteTby die trading to the Eaji Indies, from exporting any of the said com-Eafl India modities to any of their forts, faftories, or fettlements, for the company to support of the persons redding there; fo as the like security be their forts, given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this aft to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America. nor to wheat, VIII. Provided also, That this aft, or any thing herein concur. nwlti tained, (hall not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread, bfftmt or bifcuit, or peafe, to be transported out of, or from, the port of peafe, from Southampton only, unto the islands of Jerfey, Guernjiy, and Al-Southampton derney, or any of them, for the only use of the inhabitants of to Jerfey, those iflands; fo as the exporter before the lading of such com* Altone?' &c.  or laying the feme on board, do become bound with

for the me of* other sufficient security in treble the value thereof (which the the inhabi- customer or comptroller of the fame port hath hereby power to tants. only, take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Majesty’s ufe, and for *c#  which security no fee or reward (hall be given or taken) that

fuch commodities (hall be landed in the said islands of Jerfey^

Gueru*

1768.]  Anno  nono Georgii III. c. t.  14$

Guernfai and Alderney > or one of them (the danger of the firas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and (hall * not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and to retorn the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are herein required on the exportation of the said commodities to * the BrtU/b colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein mentioned; and fo as the quantity of wheat, foasthequan-flour, malt, barley, bread, bifcuit, and peafe, which at any tny exceed time or times during the continuance of this ad, (hall be (hip-  m

ped at the said port for the said iilands, or either of them as a- die whole * forefaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithftanding.

IX.  Provided alfo, That this ad (hall not extend to any nor to wheat,

wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transported out of or barley, cats, from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpoole only, into the Ijle 0/™^' white*9 Man% for the only use of the inhabitants of that ifland; fo as or Li* the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, verpooletothe meal, or flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, Me of Man, with other fufflcient fecurity, in treble the value thereof (which f?r °* the customer or comptroller of either of the said ports rcfpec- tantsonlY^&c, tively hath hereby power to take in his Msjefty’s name, and to  *

his Majesty’s ufe, for which security no fee or reward (hall be

given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour,

(hall be landed in the said Ijle of Man (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by this ad required on the exportation of the said commodities to the Britijh colonies in America, and within the time for that fo {he purpose herein mentioned; and fo.as the whole quantity of^ced'not 1coo wheat, ' barley, oats, meal, and flour; which, at any time or quarters in times during the continuance of this ad, (hall be (hipped at the whole; both the said ports for the said Ijle of Many (hall not exceeed one moiety t6 in the whole two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety wtatThave^ thereof to be exported from the said poTt of Whitehaven, and the ancjj thc otheJ, other moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Liver- moiety from poole \ any thing herein containedto the contrary notwithftanding. Liverpoole;

X.  Provided also, That nbthing in this ad contained (hall nor to wheat extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Africa^

from exporting, during the continuance of this ad, any quan- quarters*00 tity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters; or nor to bread any quantity of bread or bifcuit, not exceeding fifteen tons or bifcuit, not in the whdle of such bread or bifcuit, or of such bread and bif- exceeding 15 cuit together, to the Briiijb forts, caftles, and fadories in Afri- by^hecom-ca% for the support of the persons residing there ; fo as the like mittee of A-fecurity be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required frica mer-to be given by persons carrying the said commodities to the chants to their Britijb^olonieS in America.  •

XI.  And be it further ehaAed by the authority aforefaid; commiffion-That the commissioners of tfye customs for the time being (hall, er» 0f the cu-and they ar« hereby required, to give a full and true account ftom* to re*

L 4  inturn an ac*

14$  Anno  nono  Georgii  III.  c.i.  £1768.

(want to par- In writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of theMraand next fe®on t^erco^ of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, other com- bread, bifcuit, and ftarch, that (hall before that time be ex-modifies fo  ported to any place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any

exported.  of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that

purpofe.

Timet limited XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, f°rtr.^ur.mn8 That all certificates of the landing.and difeharging of the said where'boiidg comm°dities to be exported, other than coadwife, (hall be re-are taken. turned within the respective times following; that is to fay. Where the bonds are taken in relpeCt of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of said the colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the iilands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Man, within fix calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within fix calendar months after the ' date of such bonds refpeCtively.

Ho drawback XIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority or bounty to aforefaid. That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif-of 5tecom-ny cu‘t» or ftarch, which.(haU be. exported by virtue of this a<ft, modifies fo" shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are exported. allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

Prohibition XIV. Provided always, and be it enabled,. That nothing not to extend herein contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice to rice. QUt of jjjjj kingdom.

XV,  And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low wines or spirits from wheat or wheat four fbould be prohibited for a further time; be it therefore further enacted by the authority atore-The extrac- faid, That from and after the twenty sixth day of November, tion of low 5ne thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, no low wines or rits frorli * fp*r*ts whatsoever (hall be made, extracted, or diddled, within wheat or this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any dif-wheat flour tiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or any other person or prohibited, persons whatfoever, (hall make, extrad, or diftill, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or diddled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or (ball use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wa(h, in order for the making, extracting, or diddling, low wines or fpirits, or (hall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, walh-batch, calk, copper, dill, or other veil'd or utenfil, any wheat or wheat flour for the purpose of preparing any worts or wa(h, or for making, extrading, or diddling, low -wines or fpirits, whether such tun, walh-batch, calk, copper, dill, or other vessel or utenfil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office; that then, and in each and every of the said cafes, such diddler or maker of low wines or fpirits, or other person or perfons, aCting contrary

1768.]  Anno nono Georgii III. c.i.  147

trary to the directions of this ad, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, wa(h-batch, calk, copper, ftill, or other vessel or utenfil, which (hall be made under penalty use of contrary to the intention of this ad, (hall be found, °* *?°J\

(hall refpedively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the a?UheUfaid sum of two hundred pounds, and all such wheat or wheat commodities, flour, and such worts and wa(h, low wines and (pints, (hall be also forfeited.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Wheat and That if any wheat or wheat flour (hall be found in any work- wheat flour houfe, ftillhoufe^ ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place, found many wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts or wa(h, (hall be made, {opines1* extraded, diftilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or and spirits art fpirits, or worts of wa(h, (hall have been made, extraded, dif- extrafted, &c, tilled, or prepared, since the first day of October% one thousand arc forfeited j seven hundred and flxty eight, all such wheat and wheat flour and also (hail be forfeited ; and the person or persons in whofe. possession 1061. by the such workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or place, Pc*f°n ,n-r (hall be, (hall, for every offence refpedively, also forfeit and

pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers of

That it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons who excife, &c. lhaU be authorized for that purpose by the commissioners of ex-  t0

cife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within materialsfrom the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or which low ^ more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great wines or fpi-Briiain, at any time optinr\es, with any officer of excife, to en- nt!r^eJ, ter into any workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, orcx ra * any other place, wherein any low wines or fpirits, or worts or

wa(h, (hall be, or arefufpeded to be, made, extraded, diftilled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts or wa(h, (hall have been made, extraded, diftilled, or prepared, since the first day of Oflober% one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and (hall have free admittance into the fame, and may iniped all the materials, veffels, and utenfils, therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bofinefs which is carrying on; and in cafe any officer of excise (hall have reason to (ufped that any wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or wa(h, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extrading, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, and take limit (hall and may be lawful for. such officer, at any time or times Ple8* paying during the continuance of this ad, upon payment of two (hil- for “* iamc * lings and fix pence, to take a fample, not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts or wa(h, material or preparation, which (hall be found in any such houfe, or other place aforefaid; and in Penalty of re-cafe any distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or the owner fating admit-.or pccupier of any such house or place, or any workman or fer- t^”ce to an varit to any such diftiller,' owner, or occupier belonging, (hall ofobltruSing refuse to aamit such person or persons as (hall be f6 authorized, him, is sop 1. or any officer of excife, into any such house or place 5 or (hall ©bftru# or hinder any such officer, or person or perfons, in

making

>4*  Arino  nono  Geo^gii  III.  c. i.  [if68.

making filch infpeCtion as aforefaid; or (hall not allow any such officer to take such fample, after the said sum of two (hillings ’ and fix pence (hall be paid or tendered for the fame, such dif-tiller, owner, or occupier, (hall, for every such offence refpec-tively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds • and it Officer autho- (hall be lawful for any such officer of excife, or other person or Tized by war- persons authorized as aforesaid, having a warrant for that pur-pofe from any two or more of the commissioners of the excife, or any just ice or justices refpeCtively as aforesaid, to feize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the facks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities (hall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or pofleffion, or in the custody or possession of any per-fon or persons in truft, or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, more than five quarters of wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, diftilling, or keeping worts or wa(h, low wines, or fpirits) every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits (hall, and16 l"Ur^r ** ^or evei7 °ffence refpedtively, forfeit all such wheat and quarter"|^Cr wheat flour exceeding the said quantity of five quarters $ and also the sum of five pounds for every quarter fo forfeited, except with XIX. Provided always. That this act shall not extend to in-drS^ifr*0 fc6*1 the ^ I*® mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any dif-as are the tiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who (hall be the aCtual growers, See. grower of wheat, and (hall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown by him or her in the ftraw, or after the fame is and who keep threshed out, or separated from the straw ; provided such wheat not the wheat, (hall not be kept in his or her pofleffion, or in the possession of after bdng any other person or persons in trust for him or her, or for a greater space of time than twenty days after the fame (hall be threshed or separated from the straw $ and fo as such wheat be not kept in any place used for making, extracting, or diftilling.

rant, may seize the said commodities

Diftiller, &c. not to have more than 5 quarters of wheat or wheat floor at one time, &c#

on forfeiture

threfhed out, longer than ao days $ and not in

plac*s low wines or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wafh. fordifti ling} XX. Provided also, That this act (hall not extend to infliCl ref* eft ^ch  k® mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any diftiller

dl^lers^*11011 or maker of low wines or fpirits, who practises the trade of a are millers, miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any mill or mills &c.  for the grinding of wheat, on or before the first day of Oftobery

one thousand seven hundred and flxty eight, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour, which (hall at any time, during the continuance of this aCt, be found in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.  '

Incafeof in- XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaief, formation. That in cafe any officer or officers of' excife, or any other per-bcfore°two ^on or P?rf°ns* ®»Us at any time'or times, have cause to fuf-

1768.]  Anno  nono  Georgii  III.  C. 1.  ^

pe& that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of commissioners five quarters, shall he laid or kept in any such ftorehoufe, ware- °f cxcife. houfe, grainery, or other place or places, as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary to  *

the true intent and meaning of this a£t; then, and in every such cafe, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, before the commissioners of excise for the time being refpeftively, or any two or more of them, or before Qr a joftice of one or more justice or justices of the peace refuting near the peace, war-place yvhere such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, ™ to be * shall fufpe6t the fame to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion; it (hall and may be lawful to officer, £c. to and for the said commiffioners, orjufticeorjufticcsof the peace enter all ftore-refpe&ively, before whom such officer or officers, or other per- houfe*, &c. fon or perfons, (hall make oath as aforesaid (if he or they (hall judge it reafonable) by special warrant under his or their re- a * fpedtive hands and feals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, authorized as aforesaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the presence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they (hall fufpelt that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, (hall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or maker of low • wines or fpirits, and to feize, take, and carry away, all such and seize alt wheat and wheat flour as he or they (hall fo find (over and w||eat and above the said quantity of five quarters, together with all the  c

facks, bags, or other things, wherein the fame shall be con- quarters,5 5 tained) and such distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or and distiller the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat liable to pay or wheat flour, belonging to such diftiller, (hall bb found, (hall, 5 Pcr for every such offence refpedtively, forfeit and pay the said pe- abov^tbat nalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding the said quan- quantity, tity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and other person or perfons, is or are hereby impowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they (hall take to his or their affiftance, to enter such ftorehoufes, ware-houfes, graincries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in cafe they be not opened on demand.

XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this a (ft impofed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provifioh is here- th* in before made, (hall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, tures°where bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of re- not otfaerwife cord in JVeftminJler, or in the court of exchequer at Scotland 5 directed, and that the reipe&ive courts before whom the fame (hall be re- Penalties Ha-covered may and are hereby authorized (if they (hall think fit) ble to be mi-to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before ip- tigated. flidled, to any sum not less than one fourth part of the sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, (hall be to the use of bis

Majefty,

Anna aono Georgii III. c. 2,4.  [1768.

Majefty, his heirs, and. fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall foe far the fame* or give information of, or discover the offence.

Limitation of XXIII. Provided always. That all fuits, profeeutions, or iri-fuits, and in- formations, for offences committed against this a £t, (hall be commenced and made within the space of fix calendar months gainst thit’aft. a^er the 1S committed, and not other ways; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

Limitation of * XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, addons. * That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced against any per-fon or perfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this adt, such action or fuit (hall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence (hall be committed; and if such action or fuit (hall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in General ifliie. any such addon or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that* the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plain-Treblecofts. tiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law : and if such action or fuit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ the court, before whom such action or fuit (hall be brought, (hall allow the defender to plead this adt *  on  his  defence$ and if the pursuer (hall not infill on his adtion, ,

or if judgement (hall be given against such purfuer, the defender (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or fuit.

Fublick aft. XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

*  That  this  adt  (hall  continue until the twentieth day after the

commencement oif the next session of parliament.

cap. n.

An adt for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain dudes upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of theyeajr one thousand ~ seven hundred and sixty nine.

CAP. III.

An adt for punithing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Prejunble,

CAP. IV.

An act to allow for a further time the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from bis Majefy's colonies in North America.

WHEREAS it is expedient that fucb part of the law as is herein after mentioned should be further continued; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted

x 768.3 Anno nono Georgii III. c. &  151

suSted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the ad* vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cora-xnnns, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho* irity of the fame, that fo much of an adt made in the seventh So much of year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for al- att 7- Geo. 3. lowing the free importation of rice9 /ago powder, and vermicelli, into a* rc.,at*8 to this kingdom, from his Majesty9s colonies in North America, for a limited time, as relates to the importation office; which was con-  '*

tinued by an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of his pre- which was sent Majesty, intituled. An act to continue several afts made in the continued by ia/i fejjion of parliament 9 for allowing the importation of wheats wheat-  *  Gco*

Jiourj barky, barky meal% puife9 oats9 oatmeal, rye9 and rye meal, -duty free 5 and also fo much of an aft made in the fame feffton as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majeflys colonies in North America; and to allow toe importation of wheat and wheat-flour from Africa, for a limited time9 free of duty, (hall be, and is here-1$ further con-by further con tinued. until the first day of January, one thou- tinued to sand seven hundred and feventy.  *  Ja*1*  *77®»

' II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the nutho-Rice foim-rity aforefaid. That for and. upon all rice which (hall be import- ported, being ed into this kingdom, duty free, by virtue of this adt, and which ■?“? 'fP0*1-(hall be again exported thereout, there (hall be paid and an-^j j* fwered to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, a subsidy of pound ad Fa* poundage of fix pence in the pound, according to the value otUrm\ rate fet upon rice imported, in the book of rates referred to by the adt of the twelfth year of King Charles the fecond; which said subsidy of fix pence in the pound upon such rice fo exported, (hall be raifed, levied, colledted, and recovered, by such . * ways and means, and under such rules, regulations,' penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods oj: merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be railed, levied, colledted, or recovered, by any adt pf parliament now in force, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the several claufes, powers, diredtions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this present adt; and that such duties (hall (the necefla-ry charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

III. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the author!- and due en-ty aforesaid, that due entries (hall be made in such manner and. form as Were used or pradticed before the making of this adt, of all rice which (hall be imported into this kingdom, by virtue of ^  *

this adt, at the customhouse belonging to the ports or importation 3 or in default thereof, the. rice fo imported, and wnereof such entries (hall not be made, (hall be subject and liable to such on penalty of and the fame duties as would have been payable thereon, in cafe Pa the free importation thereof had not been allowed.  ^  ome  tt"

CAP. V.

An a& for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in

Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred

and sixty nine, at three /billings in the pound.

4*  C  A  P*

The powers given to jufti-ces of the peace, &c. by former ads, of tr an (porting or whipping pei Cons who retail fpi-rituous liquors without licence, are taken away.

Anno none Georgii III. c. 7,-10.  [1768.

them, made since the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the lecond.

III. Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, all the powers and authority by the' said former ads, or any of them, to the justices of peace and commiilioners of excise respectively given of transporting or whipping persons convicted of retailing spirituous liquors without licence, (nail cease and be no longer put in force ; any former ad or ads to the contrary notwitbftanding.

cap. vn.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on lhore.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the repairing, improving, and better preferring of the harbour ana quay of Wells, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to continue and amend an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for importation of salted beef \ pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHE REAS an a ft was made in the fifth year of his present Majejly’s reign, intituled. An act for importation or salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and whereas an aft was made in the eighth year of his present Maje~ Jlfs reign, to continue arid amend the said firjl-me«tioned aft; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the said goods and commodities Jhould be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said lafl-mentiotted aft\ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, (and by the authority of the fame, that the said ad made in the eighth year t>f his present Majesty’s reign. Ad S Geo. 3. intituled, An act to continue and amend an aft made in the fifth year *  of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for importation

of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ andfor allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and further conti- butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time, iiued to 1 Feb. (hall continue and be in full force and effed, until the first day *77°*  of February, one thousand seven hundred and feventy*

CAP. X.

An act for the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes inthe parith and borough of New Wmdfor, in the county of Jkpks> and for preventing nufencesand annoyances therein.

CAP#

*55

z 768.]  Anno nono Georgii III. c. 11?

CAP. XI.

An aft for repealing fo much of an aft made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the ,third, inti-tided, An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill date of the coin of the kingdom, as refrains any person keeping an inn, tavern, aleboufe, or viftuaUing-boufe, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from publicity ujing any wrought or manufactured plate, or any utensil or vejfel thereof, except ffoons and for putting an end to prosecutions commenced for offences againjt fucb part of the said aft.

WHEREAS by an, alt made in the seventh and eighth years efpre,mb]e, re-the reign of his late majesty King William the third, intitu- citing clauie " led. An act to encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be in aft 7 & s coined, and for the further remedying the ill Rate of the coin of !• the kingdom, it was enacted, That from and if ter the fourth day of May, which Jhould be in the year of our Lora one thousand fin hundred and ninety fix, no person keeping any inn, tavern, aleboufe, or victualling-houfe, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, Jhould publickly ufe, or expose to be ufed, in fucb bis or her boufe, any wrought or manufactured plate whatfoever, or any utensil or vejfel thereof (except Jpoons) under the penalty of forfeiting the fame, or the full value thereof, together with full costs of fuif, to him, her, or them, who Jhould sue for the fame: and whereas the said refridion hath been found very inconvenient, and is productive of many frivolous and vexatious fuits, and is also detrimental to the revenue: may it therefore please your Majeny, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palT- Repead of fo ing of this aft, fo much of the said aft as restrains any person much of the keeping any inn, tavern, alehoufe, or viftualling-houfe, or fell- r#Jite5l *• ing wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors, by retail, from pub-lickly ufing, or exposing to be ufed, in such his or her houfe, others from any wrought or manufactured plate whatfoever, or any utensil publickly or vessel thereof, lhall be and is hereby repealed and made void u®nZ wrought to all intents and purposes whatfoever.  roredntSe*

II.  And be it further enacted by thq authority aforefaid. That. . p.fi all and every person and persons whatfoever, against whom any tiono/per^ action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought fons fuedfbr in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, for any penalties inpenalty incurred by reason of the said aft of King William the curried by rea-third, for having publickly ufed, or exposed to be used in his, 0  6

her, or their houfe, any wrought or manufactured plate what- * foever, or any utensil or vefiel thereof, lhall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and against all Voi. XXVIII,  M  pe-

1  1

>5$  Anno  nono  Georgii  III. c.ii. [17.68; j

penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reason of having pi^b-iickly ufed, or exposed to be ufed, in his, her, or their houfe, any wrought or manufactured plate whatsoever, or any utensil j or vessel thereof; any thing in the said act of King William the third contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith- j Handing.  •

they paying III. Provided always, That all costs incurred in prosecuting fach cofU of and carrying on any such aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-KVmrrd “tot'00* Hiall be borne and discharged by the person or persons ’ against whom any such aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought', except id IV. Provided alfo,That this aCt, or any thing herein contain-cafes where ed, (hall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify fina* jndr any person against whom final judgement shall have been given have been al- *n anY a<^*on debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his' ready obtain- Majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incur-M for the pe- red by reason of the said ad of King William the third, for hav-

ing publickly ufed, or exposed to be ufed, in his, her, or their | houfe, any wrought or manufactured plate whatfoever, or any j utensil or vessel thereof. '  r

Perfons sued V.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That may plead the in cafe any aCtion, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, (hall,- from general ifiue. an(] after the palling of this aCl, be brought, carried on, or pro-fecuted, against any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of the said act of King '  William the third, for 9r on an account of having publickly ufed,

or exposed to be ufed, in his, her, or their houfe, any wrought •or manufactured plate whatfoever, or any utensil or vessel thereof, such person or persons may plead the general ifliie; and, upon their defence, give this act and the Jpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

C AP. XII.

An aSt to indemnify such'perfons as have omitted to qualify themfehes for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-poft'y and to indemnify member s, and officers in cities, cor-\ porations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be Jtamped according to law, or, having been Jtamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admission duly Jtamped.

Preamble, re- *TX THEREAS divers persons who, on account of their offices, places, citing the fe- VV- employments, or profejjions, or any other cause or occafion, yeral qualify- ought to have taken and fubjertbed the oaths, or the ajjurance, refpec-ing acts of tively .appointed to be by such persons taken and fubferibed, in and by

an a£t made in the firjl year of the reign of bis late majesty King j * Geo. 1. George the firjl, of glorious memory, intituled. An act for the further security of his .Majefty’s person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia,

t  being

z768.3 Anno nono Georgii III. c. 12.'  157

being proteftants; and for exting^ithing the hopes of the pre-tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an aft made in the thirteenth is Car* a. year of the reign of King Charles the fecond,, intituled, An aft for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qua- *5 Car* t» lifted themfelvls according to another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, An a ft for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recufants, * by receiving thefact ament of the Lord's supper according to the ufago of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against tranfubjlantiation therein mentioned; or according to another 30 Car. t* aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, An aft for the more effectual preserving the King’s per-fon and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; or according to another aft made in the eighth g Geo f year of the reign of his late majesty King George the firft, intituled, *

An aft for granting the people called Quakers, such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which -many of them lie under; or according to another aft made in the9 ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fecond, /«-tituled, An aft for indemnifying persons who have omitted to* qualify themfelve§ for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending fo much of an aft passed in the second year of the reign of his pre-fent Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter feffions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against tranfubftantiation; add for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of protestant purchafers, devifees, and leflees; or 18 Geo. *» according to another aft made^in the eighteenth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the fecond, intituled, An act to amend and  '  -

render more effectual an aft passed in the fifth year of his pre-fent Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the further qualification of jujlices of the peace; or according to another aft made in the fie- % Geo. 3. condyear of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act to ex- ^ plain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament the several * laws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or according Qeo, -to another aft made in the sixth year of the reign of bis present Mar jejly, intituled, An aft for altering the oath of abjuration and the affurance; and for amending fo much of an aft made in the fe-venth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as after the time therein limited; requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treafon, or milpri-fion of treafon; have, through ignorance of the law, abfence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take ana subscribe the said oaths and assurance f and male and subscribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and iu such manner, as in and by the said afts refpeftively, or by any

M %  tilth

Anno nono GeoRGII III. c. 12.'  [176%.

other off of parliament in that behalf made, is requiredwhereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabiRties: for quieting the minds of his Majesty’s fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of (uch omiffions, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every Perrons who person or persons who at, or before, the palling of this aft, hath, at, or before, or (hall have, omitted to take and subscribe the (aid oaths anil °f declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord’s fupper, omitted*to*76 or otherwise to qualify him, her, or thcmfelves, within fiich qualify them- time, and in such manner, as in and by the (aid afts, or any (elves for of of them, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made,

*l<rmedt*m* *s re(lil'red; and who, after accepting any such office, [dace, or the^Uw8 di-M employment, or undertaken any profession or thing, on account reft, See, of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the* palling of this aft, hath or have taken and fubferibed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law,-and also received the sacrament of the Lord’s supper ac-suid who (hall cording to the usage of the church of England; or who, bn or 9“a,,<y before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even or before* fn hundred and sixty nine, (hall take and subscribe the said oaths, Dec. 1769, declarations, and advance refpeftively, in such cafes wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and adurance, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said aft made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the firft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf made and provided j and also hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the (aid twenty fifth day of December, one thousand (even hundred and sixty nine, receive the sacrament of the Lord’s supper according to the usage of the church of England't in such cafes wherein the said sacrament ought to have been re-'  ceived; and hath or have made and fubferibed, or (hall, on or

before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, make and subscribe the said declaration against tranfubftantiation; and also hath or have made and fub-' feribed, or (hall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, make and fub-fcribe the said declaration in the said statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the fecond, in such cafes wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and fubferibed: and take j ttnd subscribe the oath directed by the said aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the. fe- I cond, in such cafes wherein the (aid oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in such manner as by the said aft is directed ; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, (hall, on or before the fatd twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by *  n  the

lySS.J Anno nono Gsorgii III. c.i2>  159

the said aft made, in the fecondyear of his present Majesty’s aremdemni-reign, required to leave the fame; (hall be ana are hereby in-demnified, freed, and difcharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and dilabilities, incurred, or to be in-currred, for or by reason of any neglefl or omiffion, previous to and recapa* the palling of this aft, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or ciuted; aflurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the fold oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace refpefuvely, according to the above-mentioned afts, or any of them, or any other aft or afts ; and such person and persons is and are, and (hall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-Aored to the fame fiate and condition as he, ihe, or they, were in before such neglect or omiffion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned afts, and every of them; and that all elections of, and ads done, or to be done, by any such per- or to be fon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, done'by them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or &c. are de-any of them, would have been, if such person or persons refpec- tof* ** tively had taken the said oaths or afliirance, and received the fa-  I, ad be.

crament of the'lord’s fupper, and made and subscribed the said fore duly q«a-declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his lified them-qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to J*!*“ a**a the direction of the said afts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of such person or perlbns qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this aft, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and afliirance, and received the facrament, and made and fublcribed the laid declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several afts before-mentioned.

II.  Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- except in Aich tained, (hall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to indem- cafe* where nify any person against whom final judgement (hall have been

given in any aflion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any ^ven in of his Majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by any court far having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by the penalty law.  “CUr«£by

III.  And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other publick officers, and the admissions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and -borough towns, or the entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records,of such cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by several afts of parliament, are directed and required to be damped, may not have been provided, or the -

fame not duly damped, or may have been loft or mislaid ; be it Town clerks, further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, for the relief of wd other pub-fuch persons whole appointments and admiffions* or the entries1|C °®cera*

M3  of

and perfon*, whole appointments, and admif-fions, or entries of ad-

been provid ed} or not duly stampt $ or which nave been loft or miflaid; providing, &e. the fame on or before 15 Dec. 1769,

160  Anno nono Georgii III. c. 13,14;  [1768;

of whose admiflions, as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly damped, or where the fame have been loft or miflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such perfons, on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun-dred and sixty nine, to provide, or cause to be provided, ap-romions in the pointments and admiflions, or entries of admiflions, as afore» may^noThave duly flumped, or in cafe where such appointments, ad-• * millions, or entries of admiflions as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such appointments, admiflions, or entries of admiflions, as aforesaid, to the commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the stamp duties, to be duly stamped ; which said commissioners are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to duly ftamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid, on such appointments, admiflions, or entries of ad-miffions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon ; are confirmed and such persons fo providing appointments, admiflions, or en-in their offices, tries Gf admiflions, as aforesaid, duly ftamped, or procuring the fame to be duly ftamped, in manner aforesaid, are and (hall be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as^clerk of the peace, x town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns rqfpeftively, to all intents and purposes ; and (hall and may hold and enjoy, and execute, such offices, or any other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been elefted, notwithstanding his or their omiflion, or the omifiion of any of their predeceflors, in such cities, corporations, or boroqgh towns, as aforefaid; and (hall be indemnified aad discharged of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reason of any such omission ; and none of his or their afts (hall be questioned or avoided by reason of the fame.

IV.  Provided always, that this aft, or any thing herein con-ah«a<ty av<>5<l- tained, (hall not extend, or be construed to extend, tQ restore ment of or aryY psrfon or persons to any office or employment, be-cQort, and le- nefice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already actually avoided by gaily filled up, judgement of any of his Majesty’s courts of record, or already confirmed. legally filled up and enjoyed by any other perfon; but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or fhall, at the palling of this aft, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this aft had never been made.

and indemnified, notwithstanding such omiflion.

Offices, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, witbm the city and liberty of Weftmin,-fter, in the county of Middlefex, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

. An aft for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an aft of this session of parliament, intituled. An a& for granting an aid to bit Md» jefiy by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer*vice of the year one thousand/even hundred and sixty nine; and for securing and preserving duplicates of afleffments, and other papers relating to the land tax.

CAP

1768.] Anno nono Ge«rgii III. c.15,16.  j$i

CAP. XV.

An aft for railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the.year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine*

Preamble. Treafury impowered to raise any fum, not exceeding y,8oo»ooo1* by loans or exchequer bills; in the fame manner as by the malt aft of this session is prefcribea, with respect to loans or exchequer bills thereby au* thorized.to be taken or made. The clauses in the said aft relating to loans or bills* extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iflbed, not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged, before 6 April, 1770.

Aftion not to lie for such refufal. The money 16 railed, to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aids; if none be granted before 5July, 1770, then to be charged on the linking fund. Monies fo ilTued, to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this aft; notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 W* & M.

CAP. XVI.

An all to amend and render more effectual an aS made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the firft, intituled, An art for the general quiet of the subjects against all pretences of concealment whatfoever.  <

WHEREAS an all of parliament was made and pqffttd in Preamble.

twenty first year of the reign of King James the firft, intitu- aQi si Jac.t« led. An act for the general quiet of the subject against all pretences of concealment whatfoever; and thereby the right and title of the King, his heirs and fuccefiors, in and to all manors, lands, tenements, tythes, and hereditaments, {except liberties and franebifes) were limited to sixty years next before the beginning of the faidfefflon of parliament 5 and other provisions and regulations were therein made, for feeuring to all his Majesty’s fubjefls the free and quiet enjoyment of all manors, lands, and hereditaments, which they, or tboje under whom they claimed, refpeflively bad, held, or enjoyed, or whereof they had taken the rents, revenues, ijfues, or profits, for the fpaee of sixty years next before the beginning of the said feffton of parliament: and whereas the said alt is now, by efflux of time, become ineffeQual to anjwer the good end and purpose of feeuring the general quiet of the fubjeff against all pretences of concealment whatfoever: wherefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the  r

aflent and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the __ commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the au-  to

thority of the fame. That the King’s majefty, his heirs, or fuc-foe, or im-ceffors, (hall not, at any time hereafter, fue, impeach, queftion, plead any per-or implead, any person or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, fon> for aDyi for or in any wife concerning any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments whatsoever (other than liberties tee' or franchifes) or for or in any wife concerning the revenues, wj,ere the ifiues, or profits thereof, or make any title, claim, challenge, right hath or demand, of, in, or to the fame, or any of them, by realon not, or (hall of any right or title which hath not first accru.ed and grown, or which (hall not hereafter first accrue and grow within the fpaee ofg^w> within sixty years next before the filing, iffuing, or commencing, of every fo years next such-adion, hill, plaint, information, commiffion. or other fuit before the

<*SE»

i6z  Anno  nono Georg11 III. c. 16.  [1758;

or proceeding, as (hall at any time or times hereafter be filed* iffed, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof * unless his Majesty, or some of his progenitors, prede-ceffors, or anceftors, heirs, or fuccefTors, or some other person or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefTors, any thing hath or lawfully claim-eth, or (hall have or lawfully claim, have or (hall have been an-fwered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the fame* the rents, revenues, iffues, or profits thereof, or the rents, i£-fues, or profits of any honour, manor, or other hereditament* whereof the premisses in question (hall be part or parcel, within the said space of sixty years; or tjiat the fame have or (hall have b^en duly in charge to his Majesty, or some of his progenitors* predecefiors, or anceftors, heirs, or fuccefTors, or have or (hall and the fub- have flood insuper of record within the said space of sixty years : jest secured in and that all and every, person or perfons, bodies politic and cor* quiet eniov- Poratc* their heirs and fuccefTors, and all claiming by, from, or J ment thereof, under them, or any of them, for and according to their and as well against every of their several estates and interests which they have, or the crown,&c. claim to have, or (hall or may have or claim to have, in the fame refpedtively, (hall, at all times hereafter, quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, against his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, claiming by any title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which (hall not hereafter first accrue or grow, within the said space of sixty years, all and Angular manors, lands, tenements, rents, tytnes, and hereditaments whatfoever, (except liberties and franchifes) which he or they, or his or their, or any of their ancestors or predecefiors, or those from, by, or under whom they do or (hall claim, have or (hall have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents, revenues, iffues, or profits thereof, 1 by the space of sixty years next before the filing, iffuing, or commencing of every such a&ion, bill, plaint, information, com-miffion, or other fuit or proceeding as (hall at any time or times hereafter be filed, iffued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in refpeit thereof* unless his Majesty, or some of his | • progenitors, predecefiors, or anceftors, heirs, or fuccefTors, or j some other person or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, by, from, or under whom hjs Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, any • fr' " thing hath or lawfylly claimeth, or (hall have or lawfully claim, in the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been or (hall have been anfwered, by virtue of any such right or title, the rents,

^  revenues,  iffues,  or other profits thereof, within the faid

fpace of sixty years 5 or that the fame have or (hall have been duly in charge, or flood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years: and furthermore that all and every person or perfons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs ana fuccefTors, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of the,m, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim, or (hall or may have or claim, reflectively, (hall, for ever hereafter, quiet-

1

'176?.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 16.  163

ly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, all such manors, lands, tenements, repts, tythes, and hereditaments (except liberties and franchifes) as they now have, claim, or enjoy, or hereafter (hall or may have, claim, or enjoy, whereof his Majesty, his progenitors, predeceflors, or anceftors, or whereof his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, or he or they by, from, or under whom his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or (hall have or lawfully claim, or feme of them, by force of some right or title t6 the fame, have not or (hall not have been anfwered, by virtue of such right or tide, the rents, revenues, ifTues, or profits thereof, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, ifiuirig, or commencing of every such action, bill, plaint, information, commiffion, or other fuit or proceeding as (hall at any time or times hereafter be filed, iflued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, ot in itfpedt thereof, nor the fame have been nor (hall have been duly in charge, or stood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of sixty years, against all and every person and perfons, asjjgainft all their heirs and affigns, having, claiming, or pretending to have, perfon* claim-or who (hall or may have, claim, or pretend to have any eftate,™^^^ te right, tide, intereft, daim, or demand whatfoever, of, in, or therein, by to the fame, by force or colour of any letters patents or grants, colour of any upon suggestion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not be- letters patent, ing in charge, or defective titles, or by, from, or under, any^%^8ft"P,~ patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants, upon fug- of conceal-geftion of concealment or wrongful detaining, or not being in ment, wrong-charge, or defective titles, of or for which said manors, lands, fd detaining, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments, or any of them, *c' no verdidt, judgement, decree, judicial order upon hearing, or :°* "kich fenteoce of any court now (landing in force, hath been had or {JitSno^or given, or any such verdidl, judgement, decree, judicial order ihall not be upon hearing, or sentence of court, (hall hereafter be had or given for the

fiven, in any adtjon, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his ®rown dajefty’s courts at Wejlminjler, for or in the name of the King’s fore the*cora-xnajefty, or any of his anceftors, progenitors, predeceflors, heirs, mencing such or fuccefiors, or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for fuit. their or any of their heirs or afiigns, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, ifiuing, or commencing of every such adtion, bill, plaint, information, commiffion, or other fuit or proceeding as (hall at any time or times hereafter be' filed, iflued, or commended, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as aforefaid.

II.  Provided always, and be it enadled. That where the rents, in what cafes revenues, iflues, or profits of any manors, lands, tenements, the rents and tythes, or hereditaments, are or (hall be in charge by, to, or Profits°f™a* with any auditor or auditors, or other proper officer or officers b^eemed to of the revenue, such rents, revenues, iflues, and profits, (hall be duly in beheld, deemed, and taken to be duly in charge within the charge, meaning and intent of this adt; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithftanding,

HI. Pro-

661  Anno  nono  Georgii  III. c.16;  [1768.'

if prosecuted thousand (even hundred and sixty nine; fo as such right, title, within a year. or c]ajmj be prosecuted with effect by bill, plaint, information, or other fuit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, within the space of one year from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Right of the IX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this orown to any aft contained (hall extend or be prejudical to any right, title, or withmthe  claim, which his Majesty now hath to any lands, tenements, or j

manor of East hereditaments, within the manor of Eajl Greenwich, in the Greenwich, county of Kent; or to any mefiuages, lands, tenements, or he-©r district of reditaments, within the precinft, diftrift, or liberty, common-the Savoy, jy called The Savoy, in the county of Middlefex} or to any -the manors, mefiuages, advowfons, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances, being the estate and pofiefiion of the late hospital of the Savoy, or of the matter and chaplains wot prejudic- of the said hofpital; fo as such right, title, or claim, be profeed,  cuted with effect by bill, plaint, information, or other fuit or

proceeding, in some of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weji-*f prosecuted minfler, within the space of two years from the first day of Ja-within s years. HUafyi one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Proylfion de- X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of dariog what this present parliament. That no putting in charge, nor ftand-»ot be°deem- '“6 WuPery nor taking or answering the farm rents, revenues, td a putting or profits of any of the said manors, lands, tenements, or he-in charge, reditaments, by force, colour, or pretext of any letters patent itanding or grants of concealments, or defective titles, or of manors, njuftr, or " lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of charge, or by force, fwering°by or c°l°ur> or pretext, of any inquifitions, ^refentments, by or by to the crown, reason of any commiifion or other authority to find out conceal-&c.  ments, defective titles, or lands, tenements, or hereditaments

out of charge, (hall be deemed, conftrued, or taken to be a putting in charge, (landing infuper, or taking or answering the farm rents, revenues, or profits by or to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors or predecefiors, heirs or fuccefiors; unless thereupon such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, have been or (hall be, upon some information or fuit, on the behalf of his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecefiors, heirs, or fuccefiors, upon a lawful verdict given or to be given, or demurrer in law adjudged, or upofHr hearing, ordered or decreed for his Majesty, or some of his progenitors or predecef-fors, heirs, or fuccefiors, or of some of them, within the space of sixty years next before the filing, ifiuing, or commencing of every such aftion, bill, plaint, information, commiifion, or other fuit .or proceeding as (hall at any time or times hereafter - be filed, ifiued, or commenced, for .recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as aforefaid.

CAR

1768.} Anno flono Georgii III. c.17,18.  167

CAP. XVII.

An a& for enabling bis Majesty to licence a playboufe in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

WHERE AS a licenced playboufe is much wanted in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may Be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame,'That fo much of an ad of parliament which palled in the tenth year of his late Maje-fty’s reign, intituled. An alt to explain and amend fo much of an alt Qaofe ^ ^ made in the twelfth year of ibe reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An I0 Geo. ».'re-alt for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, Jlurdy beg- pealed with gars, and vagrants, into one alt of parliament} and' for the more «fpe& to the tffellud puntjbing fucb rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and va-grants, and fending them whither they ought to be fent; whereby tring*™. ny-all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the oa Hull, stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence from the lord chamberlain of his Majesty’s houihold for the time bring, except within the liberties of Weftnunfter, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed with relpeft to the said city of York, and town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull refpeftive-ly : and that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Tbe crown heirs, and fucceflors, to grant letters patent for eftablilning a impo» ered fo theatre or playhouse within the said city of York, and within >the P*"* said town ana county of the town of Kingston upon Hull refpec- eftiwi&Tne a ly} both which playhouses (hall be intitled to all the privileges, theatre in8 and subjected to all -the regulations, to which any theatre or each of thole playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and fubjefted.  places.

CAP. XVIII.

An alt for amending and further continuing an aS of the Jixtb year of bis present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty’s dominions' in America, an ad palled in this pre-fent lelfion of parliament, intituled. An alt for punijb-ing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an altpajfed in the sixth year of bis present Preamble, re-Majefty's reign, intituled. An act to amend and render citing aft more effeftual, in his Majesty’s dominions in America, an aft 6 Geo- 3* palled in this present session of parliament, intituled, An alt for punijbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and' their quarters} which alt was to continue and be in force, in all bis Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth

day

168

\

The recited a£t further continued to »4 March, 1771-

Limitation of this a&, touching the quartering the forces, or lupplying them in their quarters, and niraUhing . carriages on their marches.

Dire&ions with respect to providing quarters for troops, as well on their maich, as when ftation-ed in any place.

Preamble, reciting claufcs

Anno nono Georgii III. c.19.  .[176$.

day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty fix, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and which aft has been further continued by several subsequent afts of parliament until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and feventy: and where-as it has been found necejfary that the said aft Jhould be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this j present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, I That, the said ad (hall be, and the fame js hereby further continued until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one.

II.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this or s^ny other ad by this ad continued, touching the quartering his Majesty’s forces, and the supplying them in their quarters, and the furnilhing carriages on marches, and on other necessary occafions, (hall extend or be construed to extend to any province, colony, or plantation, during fucb time as any law of such province, colony, or plantation, which (hall have received the confirmation of his Majesty in council, (hall he in force, for providing quarters for his Majesty’? officers and foldiers, and for fumiihing them in their quarters, and for providing carriages for them on . marches, or on any other necessary occafion, within such pro- I vince, colony, or plantation.

III.  Provided always, and be it enaded. That whenever 1 any troops (hall march through or be stationed in any place in North America, it (hall and may be lawful for the civil magi-ftrates, feled men, or other person or persons (appointed by ad of parliament, or by any law of such province, colony, or plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make provision tor troops) as likewise for the officer commanding the troops fo marching or stationed as aforesaid, by mutual agreement, signed by the respective parties, to provide quarters for the said troops, in any manner most convenient to them and to the country, any ad or thing to the contrary notwithftanding, fo as that no expence be brought on the crown by such agreement.

CAP. XIX.

'An a£t to empower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government fecurities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank ^England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the inter eft arijing there* from towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

TT7HEREA§ by an a ft of parliament pajfed in the twelfth year Y V of the reign of bis late majesty King Geprge the Second, in*

tiiukdf

1768.] . Anno nono GeoRGII III. c. 19.  169

iituledy An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay in aft 11 Geo# out, upon proper fecuritiesr any monies, not exceeding a futn *■' therein limited, out of the common and general cam in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said fuitors, by applying the interest ariling therefrom for answering thfe charges of the office of the account- , general of the said court 5 a provifton is made for the support and maintenance of the office of accountant general of the court of Chancery, by dire fling certain payments to be, mode in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant general and his two clerks for their falarieSy in lieu of and in recompence for, all fees wbatfoever that would be due and payable to the said office by the fuitors: and whereas by-another afl of parliament pajfed in the fourth year of the reign an^ a# ^Gco. of his present Majejly9 intituled, An act to impower the high * court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper fecurities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and for applying the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court \ a further provifton is made for the support and.maintenance of the faia officey by dire fling a eer-  ,

tain payment to be made in the manner therein mentioned to the said accountant generals third clerk for his [alary y in lieu of and in recompence fory all fees wbatfoever: ana whereas ftnee the passing the said lajl mentioned afl9 the money and effefls belonging to the suitors of the said court, under the care and direflion of the said accountant general, are greatly increafed; by reason whereof the necejfary buji-nefs of the said office is grown fo extenftve and laborious, that the provisions made by the said afls are become inadequate to the attend-ancey trouble, and importance of the said office, and inefficient to answer the charges attending the execution thereof: wherefore, in order to make a further provision for the said office, be it en-afted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana consent of the lords spiritual and temppral, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of the cash that now lies, or (hall Court of hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the bank of England be- Chancery ira-longing to the suitors of the court of Chancery, a sum not ex- poured to ceeding twenty thousand pounds (hall and may, by virtue ^ernmeiJt0*1 any order or orders of the said court to be made for that pur- fecurities, pose from'time to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in so,000 ]. of parcels, in such government or parliamentary securities as in the suitors and by such order or* orders shall be directed 5 to the intent “th* that tne interest and anpual produce arising from the money fo * to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said court of Chancery may, and to'chang* by order or orders of the said courr, from time to time, change *he fcc.unty the security or securities in which the said monies shall be fo  °

placed out, as the said court (hall think expedient.

II.  And be it further enafted. That the interest and annual The interest produce arising from the said securities (hall* from time to time, to be received,

'  ke  by the bank.

170

Anno nono Georgii III. c: 19;

[1768.

is to be paid in falaries$ viz.

2501. to the accountant general )

501. to his tirft clerk;

and 1101. to his fourth clerk) free from taxes, and in lieu of all fees s

The refidue

and placed to be received by the governor and company of the bank of Eng-thCdit-t0r#  aft(*9 an<* P^acc<*to credit of the fame account which was

m 9  raised in the books kept there, for the suitors of the said court,

by virtue of the said ad herein before flrft mentioned, of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of the said adt; out of which, and that out of such interest and annual produce there (hall be ^ohperann. by quarterly payments, the annual sum of four hundred and sixty pounds; which payment {hall be made by the govern-nor ana company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that pur-pofe; videlicet, To the accountant general of the court of Chancery, the sum of two hundred ana fifty pounds 5 to his first clerk, the sum of fifty pounds; to his fe^ond clerk, the sum of forty pounds; and to his fourth clerk, the sum of one hundred 40!. to his fe- and twenty pounds; which said salaries (hall commence from cond clerk) the eighth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and (hall, together with the salaries appointed by the said ad herein before mentioned, be free from parliamentary taxes, and iii lieu of, and in recompence and satisfaction for, all fees whatsoever which from that time (hall or would be due or payable to the (aid office by the suitors ; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising _ ,  (  from the said securities (hall be accounted for as herein after

mentioned.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. If the whole. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any part of the said theaftIdPfum°f ^um twenty thousand pounds (hall be wanted to answer any be wanted to °f the demands of the suitors of the said court of Chancery;

then, and in such cafe, the said court may and (hall direct the fame, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securities in which the fame (hall be placed to be difpoied of; in order that the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their re-fpedtive demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such fuitors.

IV.  And whereas the interest arising from the fecuritiespurchafed in pursuance of the said before recitfd afts of parliament, and also from the securities purchased in pursuance of another aft of parliament

A&sGeo. 3. faffed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled9 An adt to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government fecurities, a (urn of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general ca(h in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court, and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the income of the masters of the said court, is more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the salaries directed to be paid by the said afts; be it further enaded. The surplus That the surplus interest that hath arifen, and (hall or may interest upon arife, from the securities purchased and to be purchased in pur-the fecurities, fuaricc 0f the said ads or parliament, and of this present adt, pursuance of toother with the interest that (hall be produced from the fecu-the recited rities to be purchased with such surplus intereft, (hall or may, by any order or orders of the said court of Chancerya to be made

for

anfwer the suitors demand, the court may caU it in.

1768.] Anno nono GfioRGir III. c. 20.'  .  171’

for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out oa govern- to be placed itoent fecurities; and that the interest or annual produce arising °jft,hbjr ordter from the said securities (hall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England $ and fo much reft thereof to thereof as (hall arise from securities to be purchased with the be received by surplus intereft, produced and to be produced from securities the I5*"1*’ an4 purchased in pursuance of the said ads of the twelfth year of“JJ|£ toac" the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of this present ad, (hall be placed to the credit of an account, to be railed in the books kept at the bank for the suitors of the said court, of securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the accbunt of interest arising from monies placet) out in pursuance of an ad of parliament palled in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second ? and fo much thereof as (hall arise from securities to be purchased with the surplus intereft, produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said ad of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (hall be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the said books kept in the bank, of securities purchased with the surplus money  1

placed to the account of interest arising from monies placed out in pursuance of an ad of parliament passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

C A P, XX,

An act to enable the justices of the peace in the general quarter fejftons of their respective counties and divisions to repair the Jhire balls, county balls* or other buildings, wherein the affixes or grand sessions are usually held.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen in fevered counties within the Preamble^ kingdom of England, and principality of Wales, whether there be any lawful authority for the repairing Jhire balls* or other buildings usually made use of for the holding the affixes or grand fef-fions within such counties: for the clearing such doubts, and for making provision for repairing the fame whenever it (hall be ne-ceffary, may it pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament*aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the The justices juftices of the peace in their respective general or quarter feffions, at their quar-or the greater part of them then and there afiembled, within tei* ttfl%l0"s the limits of their commiffions, upon presentment of the grand aj£ lISonW€r-jury at the assizes or great feffions, or general gaol delivery held presentment for the said county at their (hire hall, or other building usually of the grand ' made use of for the holding the assizes or great sessions within at such county, of the ill date and condition of any such (hire affizes. c* s hall, or other building, and the necessity of repairing the fame, to order and dired, in purfuapee of such prefentment, such Vow XXVIII,  N  (hire

iji  Anno nono Georgii III/ c. 20;  {1768*

to.repair such (hire hall,, or other building, to be repaired in fiich manner as* be *n discretions (hall think fit ; and (hall assess and rate presented to all and every sum and Turns of money which (hall be laid out them to be out ^nd expended in repairing the fame upon the several hundreds,' of repair, &c, lathes, wapenrakes, rapes, cities, towns, parithes, townihips, and to make wards, or other divifions, of the (aid county ; and to cause and a rate for de- dire6k the fame to be colle&ed, levied, and paid, and the fame charges1 * &all solicited, levied, and prfd, in tjie fame manner, and thereof, to be by and to the fame officers and other perfons, and under the levied. See. as fame conditions, terms, limitations, reftriltions, pains, penal-dhc&edby ties, an(j forfeitures, as other county rates are ordered and di-a 5  relied to be afiefied, rated, collelted, levied, and paid, in and

iz Geo. 1. by an all parted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late ma-✓  jefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more easy

ajfejjing, collecting, and levying, county rates; and in and by a clause Sc 13 Geo. z. jn an a<ft parted in the thirteenth year of the said King, intituled. An act to continue several laws therein mentioned for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and malicioujly pull down or dejlroy turnpikes; for repairing highways or \ockss or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and weirs upon the river of Thames weft-ward, and for after taining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrejls 5 and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majeftfs subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majeflfs subjects trading thither under foreign' commifftons; and for limiting the time for suing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before justices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame ; for the better and more speedy execution of pro* cess within particular franchises or liberties; and for extending the powers and authorities of justices of peace of counties, touching county 'rates, to. the justices of the peace of such liberties and franchises as have commifftons of the peace within themfehes.

But where . JI. Provided always, and be it further enalled by the author a”X , rity aforesaid, That in cafes where any (hire hall, county hall* time out ofS or ot^er building usually made use of for the holding the afiizes mind.been re- or great fertions, hath for time out of mind been repaired at the paired at the expence of any particular person or peribns, riding or ridings, ex pence ot  division or divifions, part or parts, of any county or (hire, the

pUces^&c. the ^ame lhall f°rev^r hereafter be repaired at the expence of the in-fame is to be habitants of such riding or ridings, division or divifions, part kept in repair or parts, as*they have heretofore been; and the sums and sum at the expence Qf nioney to be laid out in repairing the fame (hall be afiefied, tantsoffuch ratCc* on» anc* c°Ue&e<l, levied and paid, by such division or places, &c. divifions, or parts, of such county, in the manner in this all herein before airelied.

Where sudden III. Provided nevprthelefs, and it is hereby further enalled, ceed!n8nTo ^at if there (hould be occasion for any sudden repairs which are wanted, not more than the*fum of thirty pounds, it (hall be two juftices’ lawful for any two jurtices of the peace of such county, divifion,

may make an riding or place, after having viewed the fame, and aneftimato artier therein  of

m

*768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 21—23/

of able workmen made of the expence thereof, to order the fame to be repaired, ‘and the money to be raised upon thupoun-ty, in the'fame manner as-it is by this a (ft appointed to be raiftd after a presentment of the grand jury.

IV.  Provided, and be it also further epa&ed. That all cities, Cit!e£, and corporations, rapes, wapentakes, boroughs, towns, ports, pa* ^er CM* rifhes, townlhips, or other places, cur divifions, or person or bomffby kw perfons, which are now bound and obliged by law and ancient and ancient ufege to repair any such (hire hall, county hall, or other build- u<ag«> to re. ings for the holding the assizes or great feffions, or to furnilh P?^» * *ur* the feme with benches, tables, rails, or other fixtures, and to half, &c.' keep the feme in repair, shall for ever hereafter be bound and are ftilfbound obliged to repair the feme, and to furnish the feme with benches, to do the fame, tables, rails, and other fixtures, and to keep the fame in repair; any thing in this a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

- v. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefeid. That if any qdion, plaint, foit, or information, (hall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do iti pursuance or in execution of this a<5t, such person or persons fo tued in any court whatfoCver fhaH and may plead the general Sfiiie, Not guilty, and upon any issue joined may give Generallflue. this aft and the (pccial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor foal! become nonfuit, or forbear further profecu-tlon, or foffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdjft pass against hjm, the defendants shall recover their treble cofts, for which they Treble coft. . shall have the like remedy as in any cafe when costs by the law are given to defendants.

cap: XXI.

An aft for the mere effectual paving, cleanfing, lighting, apd watching, the ftreets, lanes, alleys, and publiclt paffages, in the town of Gaini-buj*gh,inthe county of Lincoln; and for laying a duty on all coals brought to th« filid town to be fold, and for applying the fame to luch purport,

CAP. XXII.

An act to amend, and render more efteftual an aft passed in the ferenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An a& for paving for firetti, and , oljfor places* fo {hat part qf for parish of Saint Botolph Ald^ate which lies im tbi county of M.dJUfin j and part of a Jreet, called jtafi Smithfeld, in foe freeing of Saint Catherine ; and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing obfiru&ions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to $mencl and render more effectual an aft of the twenty eighth of his late Majejty, for thp better enlightening and cleansing tjie open places, fquaree, flreels, lanes, alleys, paflages, and courts, within the puifh of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the,

"nightly watch a d beadles within the said parifh; and for impowering the truftees, in the fait) aft named, to pave the laid ilreets and other

Slaces within the foid parifh, and to remose annoyances and obftruc-.

!«•*/ ’

174  . Anno nono Georgii III. c. 24;  [1768.

CA'P. XXIV.

An ail for carrying into execution certain proposals .made by the East India company for the payment of the annual. sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time* in refpeS of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Preamble, re. Tlt/HEREAS by an a£i made in the feventhyear of the reign of siting aft VV hit present Majefiy, intituled, An act for establishing an 7 Geo. j. agreement for the payment of the annustl sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in refpe^t of the territorial acquisitions ana revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it was directed, that the united corn-pony of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their fuccejfors,jbould pay into the receipt of bis Mofieftfs exchequer,for bis Majefiy's ufe, the sum of four hundred thousandpounds per annum, during the term of two years, to be computed from the ftrjl day of February one thousand /even hundred andJixty feven, by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each, at or before such times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enabled and declared> that ad the territorial acquisitions and revenues {in the said ail before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, Jbeuldremain in pqffcffian of the said company and their futcejfors during the said term of two Propofali years: and whereas the said company have made propofols to enter made by the into a further agreement rebelling the said acquisitions and revenues compandor u^ett ierms an^ conditions herein after mentioned, that is to fay, a farther firfi* That four hundred thousand pounds a year be continued to the agreement public for five years, frm the first ^ February one thousand seven hundred and Jixty nine: fecondfy, That the company be at liberty to in-treafe their dividend to twelve and an half per centum during the said term, fo as not to exceed one per centum in any one year: thirdly, That if the company Jball, during the said term, be obliged to reduce their dividends from any cause wbatfoever, in fiucb cafe there J,ball be deduced from the sum agreed to be paid for the use of the public, a sum equal to such reduction; and in like manner, if the company's dividends Jbau at any time during the find term be again, raised or refiored, the public Jball receive equal benefit j but if the said dividends JhaU be reduced to fix per centum, then the payment to the public Jball be difcontinued: fourthly. That the company JhaU be obliged to export in every year, during the continuance of, this agreement, goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture ofGreat Britain, {military and naVal fores excepted) of the’ like value as they fall appear to have exported annually on an average of five years preceding this agreement: fifthly. That if any surplus of cejb fall remain in England, during the said term, after the difibarge of the company's simple contrail debts haring inter eft, and the reduction of the company's bond debt to the debt which Jball be due from the public to the company, then such surplus fall be lent to the public at two per centum per annum : and whereas it may be fer-tbe benefit of the public ami the said company, that proper

Pro•

Anno nono Georgii III; c. 24.  Vj$

provijions Jhould be made for carrying the /aidpropofalsinto effectual execution: now we your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fob-je&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do 'moft humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by .and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern* poral, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the laid united company of 406,0001. per merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and their fbc- ann. to be ceflors, (ball advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s Paid th.c exchequer, for his Majesty’s ufe, the sum of four hundred the°exche-n thousand pounds per annum* for and during the term of five quer, for the years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thou- term of 5 sand (even hundred and sixty nine, by half yearly payments of ?c^r8,Cg ^ two hundred thousand pounds each; which half yearly pay-payments^of ments of two hundred thousand pounds (hall become clue on 200,0001! the first day of Auguji and the first day of February in each year; each, and iuch of the said half yearly payments as (hall fo berome due on the first day of Auguji in each year, (hall be made on or before the twenty fifth day of March next enfuing; and such of the said half yearly payments as (hall fo become due on the first day of February in each year, (hall be made on or before the twenty ninth day of September next ensuing such first day of February refpediively in each year ; the first of which half year- First payment ly payments (hall 'become due on the first day of Auguji* one to become due thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and be made on or be- j and to fore the twenty fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred be made by 2$ and feventy: and in cafe the said united company of merchants March 1776. of England trading (to the Eaji Indies* or their fucceflors, (hall On default of make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to payment,^ be made into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer on or before jj"* the respective days or times herein before limited, that then, recovery from time to time, as often as such cafe (hall fo happen, the thereof; money whereof such failure in payment (hall be made ihall and may be recovered to his Majesty’s life, by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier, wherein no eflfoin, prote&ion, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance ; in which adtion, biH, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies* or their fuccef-fors, are indebted to his Majesty the monies of which they (hall have made default in payment , according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufEcient ; pnd in pr upon such adtion, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be 'further recovered to his Majesty’s use against the said united company of merchants of England(trading to the Eaji w5tb damages Indies* or their fucceflors, damages after the rate of fifteen tbc ™te pounds per centum per annum for the respective monies fo unpaid cent; per ann. contrary to this adt, together with full costs of fuit5 and the with f^U colts* frjd united company and their fucceflors, and all their ftock,

N 3  funds,

’ fed for the dif-pofitron of pkriiament. Company at liberty to in-creafe their dividend s j

•  Anno  nono  Georgii  III.  c.  24!  [1768.

funds, and all oth£r their estates and property wbartfoever, fliafl be and are hereby tnadfe fubjeCl and liable to the payment of Inch monies, damages, and tofts;

Territorial II. And it is hereby further en&Ctad and declared by'the au-^^o^remain thority aforefaid. That all the said territorial acquisitions and in the compa- revenues lately obtained in the Eafi Indies, (ball remain in the xiy.  possession  of  the  said united company, and their fucceffors, dur-

ing the said term of five years.

Monies paid III. And be it further enaCtad by the authority aforesaid, That the monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, in pursuance of this aCt, (hall be there reserved to be diipofed of and appropriated by parliament.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the said united company; and their fucceffors, during the laid term of five years, (hall be at liberty, from time to time, to inerdafe the dividends upon their capital flock ; fo that any fisch increase of dividend (hall not in any one year, during the said term of five years, exceed the sum of one pound per centum On such capital flock; and fo that by any such addition or additions, the dividends to be made upon the said flock (hall not exceed in the whole, at any one time during the said term; the rate of twetve pounds and ten (hillings per centum per annum.

V.  And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if the said united company, or their fucceflors, (hall, for pnd during any time or times within the said term of five years, reduce the dividends upon their said flock; then, and in every such cafe, them (hall, for and during the time or times i'efpeftively of every such reduction or reductions, be deducted from the said sum of four hundred thousand pounds

the sums pay- per centum, a sum or fumstqual to the amount of each and every able by them fwch reduction; and if at any time or times, within the said into the ex• term of five years, the said united company, or their fucceffors, be^cfuced t0 re^uce dividends upon their said flock to or under the

but if their -dividends shall be reduced.

likewife j

rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* then in every such-cafe, during the refpeCtive continuance of every such reduction, the said company (hall be and are hereby discharged from the payment of the said fuitn of four-hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as would have become due to the public, during but if they be the continuance of fach reduction ; and that if, after any re-a?a,r#4°'fu duCtion of the dividends of the said company as aforesaid, it cieae , e  jiappen  that  the  dividends of the said company (hall be

again increased to any rate exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annutn, then and in every such cafe refpectively, from time to time, as often as the cafe (hall happen, such payment or payments (hall be made by the said company, or their fuc-ceffbrs, for the trfe of the public, as (hall be equal to the amount of the entire sum Which (hall be paid in the dividends of the said company during the refpeCtive continuance thereof5 all which payments (hall be made in the fame manner, and at such times, and recovered by the fame and the like procefs, and with the fame damages, as are herein before enacted, with refpect

to

yments are to be raade accordingly.-

1

1^68.’] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 14.  sjf

to the payment and recovery of the said Ann of four hundred thousand pounds per annum by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds in each payment.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Exports re-That during the term of five years, to be computed from the quircdto be twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and made by the iixty eight, the said united company, or their fucceflors, (hall comP and are hereby required to export from Great Britain in each and every year, during Aich term, to the Britijh settlements within the limits prescribed by the said company’s charter for their carrying on an exclusive trade in the Eaji Indies, or elfe-where, upon the account of the said company or their fuccef-fors in their course of trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their fervants, or private traders licenced by the said company 'or their fucceflors, such goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, as (hall amount in value to the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, in each and every such year; but the amount of the value of the military and naval stores fo exported, (hall not be esteemed or reckoned as part of the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds per annum; and the said com- Bond to be pany, or their fucceflors, (hall, on or before the first day of Sxven foT the June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, 2)11 and on or before the first day of June in each of the four fuc-  *

ceeding years, give security by bond to his Mbjefty, his heirs,

' and fucceflors, under the common feal of the said company, or of their fucceflors, in the penal sum of double the said sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, for the' due exportation of the said goods ana {Merchandises annually to the amount of the laid sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, according to the real value of such goods and merchandizes in this kingdom at the time of such exportation, or of the purdiafe thereof by or on the behalf of the said company, or their fucceflors; which fecqrity the high treafurer, or the eotnmiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of such commiffioners, is or are hereby authorized to take; and the said company, or their fucceflors, and a fpecifi-fhall, on or before the thirty first day of Q&ober in the year one cation of the thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and on or before the f^ported with thirty first of October in each of the four succeeding years, de- thcjr value, to liver to the said high treafqrer, or commifBoners, an account be delivered in writing, signed by two or more of the dire<5tors of the said annually to company for th^time being, specifying the particular goods treafury, and merchandizes which (hall have been fo exported in every such year, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, with the said true and real values of such goods and merchandizes, with the names of the (hips in.vwhich the fame were respectively fo exported ; and which account (hall and verified be verified on oath made before ^ny one iuftice of. the peace uP°noatbs

N4 '  " (which

at the fame (hall appear to the trca-i'ury, the bonds are to be delivered up» or put in (iiit.

Excefs made

178  Anno  none Georg 11 III. c.24.

(which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter} by the proper officers or servants of the said com* patty, or their fuccefiors, who (hall keep their books for the entry of goods outwards to the belt of their knowledge: and if send according it (hall appear to the fatisfafiion of the said high treafurer, or commitGoners, that goods and merchandizes (hall have been, agreeably to the directions of this adt, exported as aforesaid in the respective year in relation whereto each bond (hall have been fo given; then* in each and every such cafe, the said high trealurer, or commiffioners, (hall cause such bond to be delivered up; but in cafe no such account (hall be delivered as herein before mentioned, or if it (hall appear that the said goods and merchandizes, exported within the term mentioned in any such bond, (hall not have amounted to such value as aforesaid, or that any such account (hall appear not to .be truly made, it (ball and may be lawful for the said high treafurer, or commiffioners, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law, unlefc he or they (hall find sufficient cause to forbear the fame.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-jii the export forefaid, That m cafe the said company, or their fuccefiors, mall of goods in jn any one 0f tjje gve yCars export, or caufe'to be export-one year, C(j^ such goods and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufadure, of Great Britain, exceeding in value the sum of three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty !s to be taken seven pounds; then, and in such cafe, the said excess (hall, ceedin*C «tf,s^rofn t*me t0 t*me» ta^en *nto the account of the exports . accouiS/^ *  g°°^s  ana merchandizes by the said company, or their

fucceffors, in and for the next succeeding year, and (hall be allowed and considered as part thereof.

What money VIII. And be it further enailed by the authority aforesaid, the company That if at any time or times during the said term of five years (hall have in commencing from the first day of February, one thousand seven SierdK’"^11 hundred an^ nine, any sum or sums of money belonging charge*of  t0 the united company, or their fuccefiors, (hall remain in

their simple Great Britain after the discharge of the said company’s simple contract debts bearing intereft, and the reduction of the said company’s debts to such sum as (hall be equal only or inferior to the debt which (hall be due from the public to the said com-isto be lent pany ; then the monies fo, from time to time, remaining as to the public aforesaid, (hall be, and are hereby required to be, advanced and at *)• Percen- lent by the said company and their fuccefiors to the publif, at mim mtereft. ant* a*ter *he rate two pounds per centum per annuin intereft, payable out of such proper and sufficient fund or funds, and in such manner, as (hall be fettled by parliament; and to be paid quarterly to the said company and their fuccefiors, until the redemption and discharge of the capital monies fo advanced and A flite of the lent, (hall be made by parliament5 and that the said company, company’s or their fuccefiors, (ball, and they are hereby directed and re«i trTft an<T~  from  time to time, before the expiration of ten days

bond debts after the beginning of the next and every succeeding session p|

par-

contract and other debts.

*1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.25.  179

parliament, during the feid term *>f five years, commencing to be given in

from the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and

fixty nine, and of the feifion of parliament succeeding the expi-  *

ration of the said term, to give in and deliver unto the high 9

treafurer or commissioners of his Majesty’s treafary for the time

being, a true and exalt account of the fiate of the said Ample

contraft debts bearing interefi, and of their bond debts, at thp

time of delivering in every such account rcfpeftively, and also * #at#

«m account of the date of their ca(h remaining in Great Bri- of their cafe tain; all which accounts shall be fairly written, and ihall be signed by, two or more of the directors of the said company; and oath (hall be made of the truth of every such account, by th? proper officers or servants of the said company before any one justice of the peace, which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter.

CAP. XXV.

An aft^for making perpetual an aft made in the firftyear of the reign of bis prejent Majefiy, intituled, An act to continue the duties tor encouragement of the coinage of money.

May it please your mod excellent Majefiy;

WHEREAS an aft was made in the firjl year of your Ma~ Preamble, iW jejly's reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for citing daufcs * encouragement of the coinage cf money, whereby the duties and in aft a Geo. laws therein mentioned or referred to were continued for the term of 3* seven years, to commence from the firjl day of March, one thoufqnd seven hundred and sixty one, and until the end of the firjl fejfion of parliament then next following : and whereas by an aft made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, intituled> An aft for further continuing % Geo ' Certain laws to prohibit for a limited time the exportation of , corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, and ftarch, and ?lfo the extraction of low .wines and spirits from wheat and , wheat flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulfe, free of duty, jpto this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty ; and also for continuing such other laws as. will expire before the beginning <?f the n<ext session of parliament; the said aft made in the first year of your Majefiy*s reign was continued until the end of this prejent Jejfion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said aft made in the firjl year of your Mqjejlfs reign Jhould be made perpetual : we your JVlajefiy’s most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do humbly pray your Majefiy, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

}n this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the |ame, That tye said aftmadein.tfye ftrft year of his prefent

preamble.

1J&0  Anho  nono Georgii III. c. z6.  [1768.

The recited Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to continue the duties for encou-aftmade^€0^ ragement of the coinage of money* and all the claufes, powers, rental. PCf" provifions, dire&ions, rules, and .articles, therein contained, jjhall be, and are hereby, made perpetual; and (hall continue in force, and be carried into execution, as fully and effectually ‘ as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-ena<5ted in the body of this prefentadt, and as if there had not been any Jimi-tation of time whatsoever exprefied in the said a<ft for the determination thereof, or of any matter therein contained.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

WHEREAS many persons, by losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea or land, yet are detained in prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of publick compassion; and, by several acts of parliament, have been discharged on toe conditions in such afts mentioned: for the relief therefore of insolvent prisoners and fugitives who shall comply with the terms contained in this aft to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully difcover* upon oath* -and deliver^ up and ajftgn* all their ejfefts and ejlates whatsoever for the benefit of their creditors 5 and to prevent* as far as pojftble* the many frauds and obufes which, in a great moafure* have obfrufted the good ends of such afts; be it enadfced by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, inthisprefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling or this a<ft, all and every gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, in any county, riding, divilion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, cxa<ft, and perfect lift, alphabetically, since then*** °r °^  name or names of all and every perfbn or persons who,

nce C11 * upon the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, was or were, or at any time since have been, and a*t the time of making out every fueh lift shall be, really an actual prisoner or prifoners, in the custody of any gaoler or goalers, or keeper of any prison refpe&ively, upon any process whatfoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, cods, firm or sums of money, contempt, or otherwife, and an account with the fime of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were refpec-when charg- lively charged in cuftody, oc received in prifon, together with the name or names of the person or persons af whose fuit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver the fame to the justices of the peace at their first or second general or general quarter fefiions of the peace, to be

terfeffiong1^ a^ter  ftsne* one thousand seven hundred and

er e ons. sixty nine, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, divifion, city, town, place,, or liberty reflectively.

Alphabetical lifts to be made-out of prisoners in custody for debt on 29

ed, and at whose fuit 1

The fame to be delivered

1768.]' Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26.  j8i

. II. And be-it farther enabled, That the warden of bit Maje-The warden

fty’s prison of the Fleet, and marlhal of the King’s Bench prifon,of the Fleet,

Avail several Iy*on the delivering in of any fiich lift of prisoners *f the Kin**’*

in their refpe£ive cuftody, take an oath in the dpen court of Bench prifon,

fuch general or general quarter session of the peace, or at (bate to take the

adjournment thereof, to the efte& following5 (that i$ to fay) followingoath

' on delivering

I A. B. upon my corporal oath* in the presence of Almighty God*in their do folemnfy /wear, profefs* and declare* That ail and every per-fan and perfom, whose name or names n or are inserted and contained in the ftrft part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubfcrtbed* was and were* to the bejl of my knowledge and belief upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty redly and truly prifoners, in actual cuftody* in the prison or gaol of [infert the name of the prifon] at the fuit or suits of the several per fan or per fans therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and . every persan and perfans* wbofe name or names js or are inserted or contained in the focond part of the said lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaid* have* ftnee the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [infert the name of the gaol or prifon] at the fuit or suits of the several persan or perfom therein respectively mentioned j except such persan or persans who is or are'in such lift particularly mentioned and deferibei to have died* been dtfeharged* or removed to fame other prifon, by process of law* ftnee the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and also except such persan or persans who is or are in such lift particulary mentioned and defaribed to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prifon* by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be] ftnee the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty to transact their affairs; and also except such persan or persans who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and defer ibed to have* upon the fetid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty tight, or fence, been in the rules of the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the cafe (hail be] by leave of the [warden or marihal of the said prifon, as the cafe (hall be] and have* to the best of my knowledge and belief* really and truly, ever fence continued and remained in actual custody in the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be] or the liberties thereof at the fttitor suits of the several per-fons in the said lift respectively mentioned [and if any prisoners have, since the said twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, escaped out of either of the said pri-fons] then infert, except [infert the name or names of the pri-foner or prisoners who have efcaped] who* without my knowledge* privity* or confont* hath or have escaped out of the said prison of and that the said lift is a true* exaft* perfeft* and just lift of all such persans who were ready and truly prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of  on the faid

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and *  .  *  .  *  fixty

j&2  Anno nono Georgii III c.26.  fi j68t

fixty eight, and who, Jince the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand /even hundred and sixty eighty have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or pris on of  or the liberties

thereof \ and that none of such prifoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily,. or with defign> or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of infcjvent debtors, surrendered themfelves, or been committed to toe said prifon, or got their names entered as pris oners in the books of the said prifon; or since the fame twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred andfixty eighty to my knowledge, Or with my privity, have resided out of the said prison of

or the rule thereof [but if any have fo done, add, except naming such by name]

Artier gaolers Andv ^at every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or to.tak/the  pri&ms in any county, city, town, riding, divifiop, place, or

following a liberty, (hall feverally, on the delivering in of any such lift re* oath on deli* fpe&ively, take an oath in the open court of the general or ge* thdr^tifb  ner*l <luartcr sessions of the county, city, town, divifion, liber-

* f '  ty, or place, for which he or (he (hall deliver in any such lift,

and swear to the effe# following * (that is to fay)

I A. B. upon my corporal oathy in the presence of Almighty Gody do solemnly jweary profefsy and declare, That all and every per* fon and perfonsy whose name or names are inserted and contained in the firjl part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was and vferey to the bejl of my knowledge and beliefy upon the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty - really and truly prisoners in actual cuftody, in the prison or gaol of at the fuit or fusts of the several persons therein re-fpefiively mentioned; and aljo that all and every person and perfonsy whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the fecondpart v of the said lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforesaid, have, since the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of  (if  any  such  prisoner  or  pri  -

(oners hath or have, since the said tWenty.ninth day of September, one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prifon) at the fuit of suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except [if any exception is neceflary2 such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and deferibed to have died, been difcharged, or removed to fime other prison by protefs of law, or to have escaped out of such prifon, without my privityy knowledge, or confetti,fince the said twenty ninth day <7/" September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty and that all and every of themy whose name and names is and qre contained in the firfi part of the said lift (except as before excepted) to the befi of my knowledge and belief \ have really and truly continued in actual cuftody, in the said gaol or prison of  ever

fince the said twenty ninth day of September, W thousand seven I  hundred

*768.] Anno nonoGEORGii III. c. 26.  igj

: hundred and sixty eight; and that the said lift is a true, fefty and jtift ltfiy of all such persons as were realh and truly pri-Joners in actual cufiodyy in the said gaol or prijon of , an the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand/even bun-: dred and sixty eight, and whoy since the said twenty ninth day of ! September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty have been \ really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison ' of  (except as before excepted) to the heft of my know-*

.. ledge and belief \ and that none of such prifonersy to my knowledge^

\ or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with defigny or in expefta-", tion to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered or been committed . to the said prison of  or got hisy hery or their name or

names entered as prisoner or prjfoners in the books of the said prifony cry since their commitment bavey to my knowledge, or with my pri-. vityy resided out of the said prison of  £if any have

fo done, then add except  inserting  their  names]

“ Which said respective oaths the said juftices, at the first or fe- The oath to

*  cond general or quarter ieffion aforesaid, or at some adjournment be adminifter-thereof, within their respective jurifdiAions, are hereby im- by the ju-powered and required to administer in open court; and the ^entercd^ words of the said oath herein before diredecj to be taken by the and subscribed said warden and marshal refpedlively, (hall be entered or writ- at the bottom ten at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered in cacb lift.

' by them refpeftively, and (hall be subscribed and sworn to by , them relpedively in open court; and the words of the oath to

*  be taken by every other gaoler or keeper refpedtively, (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered by them refpe&ively, and (hall be fubfcribed, and

; sworn to by them respectively in open court: and every such Lift to be kept lift which mall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and sworn to, by the clerk in pursuance of this adt, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, ot the peace.

’ town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpedtively, in which apy such lift as aforesaid (hall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said juftices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and fo as the lame may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Copies of the That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol lifts to be de-or prifon, is and arc hereby required, ten days at least before }|v?w*1in to. the first or second general or quarter session of the peace (hall be she prions m held after the said first day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and on the* and sixty nine, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, gates thereof, place, or liberty, in which any/Uch gaol or prison (hall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prifon, and at the most frequented and usual gatfc, door, or tntrance, intp every such prifon* three or"

ipore

i86  Anno  nono  Georgii III. c.26.  [1768;

quarter fef- journffient thereof, (hall be held as aforefaid; fo that as well aJJ the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in cuftody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on rnefne procefe, or otherwife, may have sufficient notice thereof;

Prifoner being IX. And be it further enaCted, That every such prisoner as brought into aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, J*ue (hall be brought to any general or general quarter feffion, or then^ceTre- anYadjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon quired being oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and news papers proved, &c. before mentioned to the said justices at any such feffion, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were fo inferred in the London Gazette and other news papers, where required, in man-it to deliver ner as herein before is directed ; and that the person or persons in a schedule fo petitioning, was or .were actually a prisoner or prisoners detolwdl* on  twenty  ninth  day of September* one thousand feven

creditors. ' hundred and sixty eight, or fince, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift of prisoners there delivered in at any such firftor second feffion, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this aCt, , fhall, in open court at the said general or quarter feffion, or any j adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real eftate, either in pofleffion, rever-lion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate which he or (he, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised bf, interested in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they refpeCtively live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them refpeCtively owing, and how the fame respectively became due, and are fecured; and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contradt, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any fuch) and shall also makq oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to fay)

Prifoner*! T A. B. upon my corporal oath* in the presence of Almighty God* oath on de- A do solemnly fwear* proteft* and declare* That on the twenty ninth ^d^chwTule ^ September, one thousand Jeven hundred and sixty eight* /

' was a prifoner, or elfe, as the cafe may be, that since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred andfixty eight*

I have furrendered, or have been committed to the prison of

in iifcharge of my bail* or for want of bail* as the cafe (hall be; and that I was actually arrejled before the said twenty j ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred ana sixty eight* in the action or fide, actions or fiuits* in which I furrendered* or was committed* as-aforefaid* to the said gaol or prison of and that I have* ever since my said surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of  in  the actual custody of

the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of  or  within the

liberties thereof* at the fuit of  and  without  any  fraud

V

*7^8.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.26.  187

*r collusion whatfoever; and that the schedule now delivered by mend fubferibed* doth contain* to the beji of my knowledge* remembrance, and belief* afull^ jufi* true* and perfect account and difeoviry of all the goods* ejfeCls* and, efiates* real and perfonal* either in pojfeffion, reverfton* remainder or expeClancy* which /, *r person in trufi for me* or for my benefit or advantage* am seised or poJjeJJ'ed of in-terejled in* or intitled to ; and of all debts as are to me owing* or to any person or persons in trufi for .me 1 and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is9 or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me* or to my ufe* or to any person or persons in trufi for me j and the names and placet of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnejfes that can prove such debts of contracts, if any such there be; and that neither I* nor any other person or persons in trufi for me* or for my ufe* have any .lands, money* flock* or any efiate real or perfonal* in poffejfion* reverfton* or remainder* or expectancy* other than what are in the /aid Jcbedule contained \ ex* cept wearing apparel* and bedding for myself and family* working tools* and neeejfary implements for my occupation and calling* and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not* nor any body for me hath* directly or indirectly* fold* lejfen• ed* or otherwise conveyed* disposed of in trufi* or concealed* all or any part of try lands* money* goods, chatties* Jlocks* debts* fecurities* con-  y

tracts* or efiate real or perfonal* whereby to secure the fame* or tq receive or expect ary profit or advantage thereof* or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor, or creditors* to whom I am or was indebted in any wife howfoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath (hall be by .every such prisoner Schedule and fubferibed in the presence of the justices in open feifion of the oath to be a peace as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain fubferibed m, with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting ana bdged as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, with the cleric town, or place, where the fame (hall be fubferibed and taken, of the peace, for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner th? cxa: who (hall delire, or may have occafion, to resort thereto; and ^creditors, every such creditor lhall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine the fame.

X. And be it further enabled. That the justices within their Court, if re-refpedive jurifdi&ions, at any such general or general quarter quiredbythe feffion, br adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor admin^er^a^ or creditors of any such'prifoner, are hereby authorized to cause oath to the the deputy warden and mar(hal of the*Fleet and King's Bench gaoler, or any prifon, and any other, under officer, tipftaffj and turnkey of any other perfon, • gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, to con^e before them, and Sthe^atSrs to examine them relpedively on oath, touching any of the preicribed to matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this ad to befwornto. be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which (hall have been taken in open court by any such prisoner or prisoners (ball not bte di(proved by good teflamony of any credible person Vol. XXVIII.  O'  or

i88  Anno  nono  GfiORGii  lit,  c.  26.  fi^68.

The pri(bn- or perlons on oath, and such juftices, or the major part of them, *£* ®*‘h "ot present at any such general or quarter feffion, (hail be satisfied ed'.'tfie coDrt with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prifoner. Is to discharge then such justices (hall, in such feffion, or some adjournment him;  thereof,  command  the said (heriff or (heriifs, gaoler or gaolers,

or keeper of such prison or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prisoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or a rewar^» other than one (hilling for his or their attendance with such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter feffion, or any adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their difcharge, and which every such IherifF or IherifFs, gaoler or gaol-* ers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prifons, is and are hereby authorized to receive and take for every such order: and Gaoler in- every such order (hall be a sufficient discharge to the (heriff or A^efcape.  gpolef or gaolers, or keeper of fqch prison or prifons,

*** and (hall indemnify him or them against any escape or efcapes, or a diion or a diions whatsoever for efcape, which (hall or maybe brought, commenced, or profecutdd against him or them. Eftate and ef- XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fedis of the That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of such pri-

fee of i s. to the gaoler

prifoner, upon (oner, of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and fo^ftinX* copy ascultomaryhold, clerk of the

peace.

_ and to all the personal eftate, debts, and effects of every such prifoner, (hall, immediately after the discharge of any such prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby, veiled in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as , clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner h *i to make  ')e  discharged j and every such clerk of the  peace,

overthe fame town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereto the ailtg- by directed and required to make an assignment and convey-aees named ance of every such prifoner’s estate and effedts, veiled in such* by the court, cjer^ 0f tjje peace; town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prifoner, as the justices at any general or general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall 7 be held by them within their respective jurifdidtions, (hall order or direct (which assignment and conveyance (hall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper ftampt} and to veil the e-ftates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors,* administrators, and affigns, according to the estate and interest the prisoner had therein: and for the preparing, ingroffing, and executing, of which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, (hall take any greater fee than two (hillings; and every such assignment and conveyance (hall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such pri-foner to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the ere- 1 ditors of such prifoner, in relrcdt or in proportion to their respective debts; and every perron and persons to whom anyjudh

for which he Is to be paid % s. and no more.

Anno nono Georgii III, c. 26.  189

aflignment and conveyance as aforesaid ihall be made. Is and Aflignees im« are hereby fully Empowered to fue, from time to time, as there Jj^wered ** may be occafioti, in his, her, or their own name or names, for ,u * the recovery and attaining any estate or efteds of any such pri- and execute foner, and also to execute any trust or power veiled in, or ere- any trad or' ated for, the use or benefit of any such prifoner; but in truft, P®«er,“ for the benefit of him or themfelves, and the reft of the credi- ?*** tors of every such prifoner; and to give discharge and dtfeharges and give dif« to any debtor or debtors of any such prifoner, as (hall be requi- charges, lire > and every such assignee and assignees (hall, with all Cbn- They are to yenient speed after his or their accepting any such afiignment or SJj* in> conveyance, use his and their beift endeavours to receive and get efbteand^ in the estate and effe<5ls of every such prisoner ; and (hall, with feds of the all convenient fpeed, make sale of all the estates of such prifoner* prifoner, vested in such assignee or aflignees; and if any such prisoner aijd lhaibbe interested in, or intitled to, any real eftate, either in poffeflion, reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the (pace Ofprjfoner*$ of two months after every such assignment and conveyance, real eftate, shall be fold by public auction in such manner, and at such place, m wanner as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who (hall assemble together on any notice in writing puWifhed in the of the credi-London Gazette* or in feme daily paper, if the prisoner before tors fummoxi* his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in feme news paper which PttrPofe * shall be published in or near tht county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwek before he  ^

or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, (hall*, under his hand, or their hands, agree on : and every such assignee and aflignees, at the end of three and make a months at farthest from the time'of his accepting any such af-fignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair months** dividend of all fuch1 prifoner’s estates and effects which (hall have been then got in amongst his or her creditors, jn proportion and in regard to each creditor’s respective debts; but be- first making fore any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees ^ount^and shall make up an account of such prifoner’s estate j acid make verifying the ‘ oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace fame upon of the county, riding, divifion, town, liberty* or place, in which oath* any such prisoner ftiall have been difchar&ed, that every such account contains a just and fair account or the estate and eflfedls of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that airpay-ments in every such account charged, were truly and bona:fide made and paid * and notice of the making of every such dhrt- 3p days no-dend (hall be publilhed in like manner as a meeting of credi- tice to be giv.* t tors is herein before directed to be publifhed, thirty days at^^!vi. ^ least before the fame (hall be made : and no creditor (hall be dends, allowed to receive any (hare of such dividend, until he shall and none to have made out the justness and identity of his respective debt receive any * by oath,'or due proof in writing, before fojne‘fuch justice or juftices} and if any creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied (hall prove

with their debt**

i<jo  Anno noho Georgii III. c. 2$. : [ 176S:

Debts enter- with the reality or fairriefs of any, debt claimed by any other cre-cd*.10**• ditor, then the fame, at the request of any such creditor or cre-anddVerndn- ditors fo diffatisfied, (hall be examined into by the justices of ed by the  the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which

court.  such prisoner (hall have been discharged, at their next general

ftanriusofthe or general quarter feffion, and what they (hall there determine prijfoner’s e- Jn the premilfes, (hall be conclusive to all parties ; and if, after payment of all such prisoner’s creditors, there (hall any of his estate and effects remain after payment of all reasonable charges, the lame (hall be paid to such prifoner, his executors or admi-niftrators.

XII. Provided further, and be it also enadted, That no Suit in equity (hall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any

Hate, after satisfying all claims there-on, to go to the priloner. No Suit in e-quity to be

b^^confent Prfr°ner’s estate and effedts, without the consent of the of th/majori- major part, in value, of the creditors of such prifoner, who (hall tv in value of meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the Londm the creditors. Gazette for that purpose.

Clerk of the XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefanl, peace to ex- That the clerk*>f the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting . j*t0 the as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and coun-his attorney, *Y town> and county, riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and upon payment place, with whom any Schedule of the estates of any insolvent of is. the debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left, and his schedule of ^ fucceffors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, adfc-eftate'andef! *nS as c*cr^ °f  as aforesaid, (hall, on the reasonable re-

fers s * quest of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to such creditor or creditors, or bis or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with any Such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecefior in that office; the per* fon fo requiring to fee and peruse any Such fchedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule (hall be, or his deputy, the sum of one (hilling for his trouble in ' ,  searching  for, and looking out, such fchedule, and attending

whilft the fame (hall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame j and that Attefted copy a true copy of every such fchedule, signed by the clerk of the tbcr^tobc peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, granted! jn ^ofe custody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of such fchedule, without being wrote *  on stampt paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than

three pence by the (beet; each (heet to contain ninety words, which (hall be and fo in proportion for a less number of words in any (heet, evidence in  (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal

all.courts.  evidence of the fame: and if any clerk of the peace, or his de-

Clerk of the puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, Peac^fcfufinS (hall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to* jhclTi&edule Produce t0 my fach creditor or creditors as afprefaid, or his or < ......... 9  '  theilr

%7^*I  *  Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26.  19*

their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the or t0 deliver a fame to be infpedted as aforesaid, in the day-time, on such pay- or^kin^wcl ment or tender as aforesaid, being made to him 3 or (hall ask or orbitantfees" take more than after the rate of three pence by the (heet, each for the lame, sheet to contain ninety words, and fo in proportion for less than ninety words in a (heet; or (hall refuse to make and deliver a -copy of any such fchedule, on being requeued as aforesaid fo to make the fame, and having the tqoney tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforeiaid; (hall, for every such forfeits 10L' offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which (hall and a“d treble may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts ofcoft8J record at Wejimmfter^ by action of debt, together with treble one moiety to cods of fuit, in the name of any person who lhall prosecute for t[,e profecu-the fame: and one moiety of. which money forfeited (hall, tor, and the when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the fame,othcr to the and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the the offence (hall be committed.  ^

XIV.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That before such time as any assignee or aflignees, as aforesaid, (hall enter on, or

take any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as afore- dtates tocora-faid, he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords pound with of the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be holden, for the lord of the payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender andthc manor» admission thereto, hath heretofore been mod uiually accuftom-ed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or compofi- and to be ad-tion, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, mitted te- , or some subsequent court, which (hall be holden for the laid ma- there* nor or manors, after such agreement made, (hall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during such estate and .

'intereft as the prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, cuftoms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premifles.

XV.  Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (ball ex-The prifon-tend to prejudice or affect any eftate, or interest or rightwhat-er’s, &c. right foever, of any other person or perfons, other than the said pri-^bcaf-foner or fugitive, which may be expe&ant upon, or fubje<5t un- by this" $0, the estate or interest of the said prisoner or fugitive hereby aft.

veiled in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other person and perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be feved to them, in the fame manner as :if this a<ft had not been made.

XVI.  Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any rent, not exceeding two years rent, where rent is (hall be due to any person or persons from such prisoner or pri- due, are to be foners, at the time of his or their respective difeharges, in respect transferred to to any meflbages, lands, or tenements, then in lease to such pri- not foner or prisoners refpe<ftively, for life pr live?, for years, will, over to the *

•  1  0  3  pr  assignees j

unlefs'tbey (hall agree to satisfy the landlord*

Anno nono Geokgii III. c. 26•  [2765#

or otherwlfe, no goods or chatties then lying or being in or up* qn the refpeftiye tenements, liable to be diftrained, (hall be af-figned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in manner aforesaid, but (hall, by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, be transmitted to such landlord or landlords, or fame person or persons intruded for him or them refpeftive-Jy, towards fatisfaftipn of the rent then due, not exceeding two years rent, as aforesaid, unless the person or persons to whom such alignment and conveyance (hall be made by such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, (hall, by writing under his hand, or their respective hands, before (uch assignment (hall be made, agree to pay or satisfy to such landlord or landlords the rent to him or them re* fpeftively due, not exceeding two years rent as aforesaid ; to the intent that such landlord or landlords may be satisfied the rent or rents to him or them respectively due, before any division of the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners (hall be made a-mong his other creditors, in like manner as he or they might be fatisned the rent to him or them respectively due, before the re* moval of such goods and chatties, by virtue 6f asti execution, by force of the statute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty’s AS S Anns. reign, intituled. An aft for the better security of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants; any thing herein before con* ^ tained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority a-fbrefaid. That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be construed to hipder or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prifoners, or any part thereof,, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprised in such mortgage or mortgages refpeftively; nor to prevent any ftatute

able tVclaims* ftaple, statute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, aeknow*-of an inferior ledged by, or obtained againft, any such prisoner or prifoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prifoners; and also where any inquiiition (hall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ of execution (hall have been* taken out and delivered to the (heriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge (hall be given in open teffion to any such person as a* forefaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively (hall be subject thereto, in the first place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon such mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpeftively, in like manner as such mortgages and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred, to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners refpeftively, if this aft had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And whereas many persons who may be intitled to,

and claim the benefit of, this aft, are seised and poftefied of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to, such prisoners '  for

All mortgages, fta-tutes, recognizances, and judgements, are to take place, prefer-

nature.

1768.}  Anno nono Geoxgii III. C. 26.

for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafcs, . and taking fines, referring finall rents on such eftates, for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reverfion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives s which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in every power in the such cafe, all and every the powers of leafing such lands, jtene- prisoner of ments, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be veiled in any  kj1?*»

fuch prisoner or prisoners as aforelaid, (hall be, and are hereby t]ie‘ .min..., vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such prifoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforefaid.

XIX.  And whereas in some gaols or prisons in thjs kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwife, by persons who never ad as gaolers or keepers themfelves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, 'but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such

gaols or prifons; be it therefore ’enaded, That in every such cafe. The am»g the person who (hall have been actually employed aha acted as gaoler at the deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prifon, at the time tim< of deli-of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prifon, at any general or quarter fef- nabfe to be. fion of the peace, or Tome adjournment thereof, and not the fwom. principal gaoler or keeper (unlefs where such principal gaoler or keeper (hall ad as a gaoler or keeper himfelf) (hall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prifon.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Court, if re. That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, quired by a or adjournment thereof, to which any prisoner (hall be brought creditor, op-in pursuance of this ad, (hall, if required .by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prifoners, who (hall oppose his charge is to or her difcharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the per- admmifter the

> fon who ads as gaoler or keeper of any such prifon, at the following time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be dilchaiged “* under this ad, an oath to the following effect (that is to fay)

I A. B. do fweart That  was  really and truly a

prifoner in my cuflody, in the prison of  to the bejl

of my knowledge ana belief, at or upon the tweniy ninth day of September, one tboufond seven hundred and ftxty eight; and that the copy or copies. of the cause or eaufes of his or her commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or eaufes of fucb detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person wbatfoever, to the beji of my know ' ledge and belief.

So help meGOD,

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed if such parson gwl$r or keeper, of any fucb gaol or prison on the said twen- foal! not have

o 4  *y

' 194  Anno  nono  Georgii III. c.26. [iy68z

been the go- ty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and fix-i768?&c ^»en  or  fincc,  (hall  not happen to be the gaoler or keeper,

the following °? deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prifon, at the path is to.be time any such lift as aforesaid is herein required to be delivered administered in, then the justices at any such feflion, or at any adjournment totum. thereof, may, and are hereby required to administer and give the respective person or persons who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed goaler o keeper, of any such gaol or prifon; and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments or books of commitment of any such prifoa, to the effect following (that is to fay)

I A. B. do [weary That I have examined the commitments* or books kept of or concerning the commitmenty of prisoners to the prison of in the county, riding* divifion, city, town, place, or liberty pf  as  the  cafe

fhall be; and that fdo verily believe that the said commitments\ or books of commitment* are really true* and not fictitious* nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear* that whs on the twenty ninth das of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight* really and truly a prisoner in the actual cujlody of  the  then  gaoler  or  keeper*  or  deputed  gaoler  or

leeper* of the said prifon* withoutfraud or deceit by me* or any other ferfon or persons to my knowledge and belief •

So help me GOD.

Court, if required by a creditor, may summon the .perfon who acted as gaoler on 29 Sept. *7.6$, or fince,

pnd examine him 'touching the commitment continuance in custody of the prifoner.

Gaoler dif-obeying the warrant, or order of the court, &c. forfeits 1 oo 1. with treble coft*.

XXI.  And in order to discover any fraudulent entries orcom-mitments of prisoners in any gaol books, he it further er.a&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any prifoner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler , or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their refpediive jurifdi&ions, on the said twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and (ixty eight, or at any time fince; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prifoner, as the juftices, at any such general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, (hall think fit: and if any (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, (hall neglect or refuse to bring before such juftjces at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as (hall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend or being Summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attend-' ing, (hall refuse to make answer and dilcovery in the preipi(Te§, as (ball be reasonably required at such general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof; he, (he, or they, fo offending in the premifles, (ball, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

1768.] Aimo nono Georgii III. c. 26.  195

Cum of/one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the ufe, of the party injured, by action of debt to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfier, together with treble costs of luit

XXII.  And whereas great number of workmen, Ikilful in the several trades.and manufedures of this kingdom, andalfp many <able seamen and mariners* finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the. miseries of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered thegifelv.es in foreign fervice: and where-  >

ns their continuance abroad mud be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom ; in order therefore to induce and enable  '

fuch persons to return, be it enade4 by the authority afqrefaid.

That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were adu- Debtors who ally beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said twenty ninth ,Ycr? toy00* ■day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, ™%ept.°i76S, and did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to surrendering gain or have the benefit of an insolvent debtors ad, who shall themfelves, Teturn and surrender himself or themselves unto the gaoler or J"ay IakVifL gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King's Bench, 0 Marjhalfea, or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, pr deputed ' gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, divilion, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of fix months (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, isj and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge ?s herein after-mentioned) (hall, from and immediately after such surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a prisoner ox prisoners within, and be to all intents and purposes iniitled to, the benefit of this ad; and fhall* upon due proof of the said premiffes, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witnefs) be discharged in the fame manner as if he, (he, or they, had teen actually in prison on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and continued therein as aforesaid ; subject nevertheless to the fame reftridioqs and provifioris, upon the fame and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifica- terms as tions, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in Pr“°°~ custody upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thou- 1 sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and also subject to the terms and provtfions relating to the estate arid efifeds of such prisoner aforefaid; excepting only such particulars thereof, as requirer^hPt^"ficu^ the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler’s or keeper’s wherein* lift as aforesaid, or relate to the oaths of such gaoler or keeper the cafes of • herein before appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot both differ, possibly be applied to the cgfe of persons surrendering themselves as aforefaid; and also except the (aid oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners ii) custody upon the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feyen hundred and sixty eight; instead whereof, the said person or persons fo furrender-fn$» (ball tafc ai> c$tb tq open j?oprt at fofpc geppral or quar-

jg6 *  Anno  iiono  Georgii IIL c.i>6.  [1768.

ter session of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city, v town, riding, divifion, place, or liberty, in the ‘prifon of which any such fugitive or debtor (hall be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect foi* lowing; which the said justices authorized to put this a<5 in ex** ecution, are hereby required and impowered to adminifter, in such manner as-the oaths herein before mentioned are to be ad-miniftered.

Fugitive*  'T A\ B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Gody

oat“*  JL foiemnly Jwear, protejl, and declare, That I was actually on the

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred andfixty eighty beyond the fias in foreign parts, videlicet, at andjhat the schedule now delivered and by me fubfcribed» doth contain, to the heft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief \ a full, jujky true, and perfect account and difiovery of all the real ejtate, goods, (/*-feCts, and other perfimb ejlate, in any wife belonging to me; and alfe of all such debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me; and of all the securities and contracts wherein any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any other . person or persons in trust for me; and the names and places of abode of the several persons from Whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, if any such there be; and that neither /, nor any person or persons tn trust for me, r$ or are seised of any real ejlate in pojfeffion, reverfton, or remainder or expectancy, or of any per final ejlate of any kind whatfiever* other than what are in the said schedule contained; except my wearthg apparel9 and bedding for myfilf and family, my working tools, and necejfary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding, in the whole9 the value of ten pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lejfined, or otherwise conveyed, difpofid of in truft, or conceal-id, all or any part of my real ejlate, money, goods, chatties, ftocks9 debts, fecurities, contracts, or other per final ejlate whafiever, where-• by to secure the fame, fo as to receive or expeCt any profit or advantage therefrom to myfilf or family, or with any view, intent, or de-ftgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wife howfiever9 or prevent their recovering or attaining their refpeCtive debts*

So help me GOD.

Gaoler and printer of the Gazette, or other news paper, not complying with the regulations in this a£t, forfeit 1091. to the prisoners* with treble colts of fqit*

XXIIt. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, or his deputy or deputies, (hall, without just caufe, to be approved of by the ju-ftices at some general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurifdidtions, refuse or de~ lay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general or quarter feffion, or some adjournment thereof, Sn order to his or her difcharge; or (hall negled, refufe, or designedly omit to infert, in any such lift, the nam^ or names of any such prisoner or prifoner* who was or were actually in cufto-

ji 768.] Anno nemo Georgii III. C. 26i  197

dy in his or their refpeCtivegaol or prison on the^ laid twenty ninth day of September* one thousand (even hundred and sixty eight, or fince; or (hall negleCt or refuse to make out, fix ‘up, or deliver such lifts as aforefaid; or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negleCt or refuse to take •any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (hall, upon any account or pretence what-foever, take or receive more than the said sum of one (hilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid $ or (hall detain any such prisoner after he or (he (hall be discharged as a* foresaid $ or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other news paper ?s aforesaid, (hall wilfully refuse or negleCt to insert therein the name, trade, occupation, and last place of abode, of fqch prifoner, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid $ or mall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as a-' forefaid, (hall refpeChvely forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in any such cafe injured, the sum of one hundred pounds$ which (hall and may be recovered, with treble costs of fuit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at JVeJiminjler, wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXIV.  And be, it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Gaoler,coiw That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any vi&edof tier-deputed gaoler or keeper* of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the jury, forfeits afore-mentioned oaths, forswear or perjure himfelf, and (hall 5°°1* £*** thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons (over and above such * penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury}

(hall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds ; to be recovered, with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or aCtion of debt, in any of his Maje-fly's courts of record at WeJlminjUr* wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or perfons, his of their executors and adminiftra-tors, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this aCt, (hall be made, of tl\e estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners ; and if no such assignee or assignees (hall be living, ^rmer, and* then in the pame or names of any other creditor or creditors who the other to* (hall sue for the said penalties \ to be applied, one moiety to the wards fatisiy-informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fatisfaCtion *he of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.  £ors-c  cr

XXV.  And be it further enaCted, That if any clerk of theCI * f . peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer aCting as refu5f|,ff clerk of the peace, (hall delay or refuse to give every or any such the prisoner a; prisoner fo discharged as aforesaid, within ten days after his or copy of his her difeharge, a copy of the order of his or her cfifcharge, on diicharge, the payment of two (hillings ant) fix peace, or (ha)} take more or taking exT

f  thanorbiUatfcc*

'198

for the fame,

pr for aligning over the pntbner’s e-ftate and effects ;

Aimo nono Georgii III. C. 26.  [1768.

than the said sum of two (hillings and fix pence for such copy, | or (hall take more than two (hillings for an alignment or conveyance^ such prifoner’s estate or effefts; every such clerk of or the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer aft-} *ng ** °f the peace, who (hall.fo offend, and who (hall btf forties loLto convicted at any such general or quarter session of the peace, 6t the prifoner. any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, Khali, for every such offehee, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of • twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, (hall order; and who are hereby impowered to cause the fame to be levied by difaifs and sale of the good* of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ailing as clerk of the piace, lb offending.

Prifoner con- XaVL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, | yi&ed of per- That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or perfons, i aTa felon r  ta^e  the  bertefit of this aft, (hall forswear or perjrfre

hunfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken un- j ' der this aft, and (hall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he/or they fo bffending, (hall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as fucb, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII.  And J>e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, j That no j5erfon to be discharged by this aft (hall at any time here-

liableTo arrest after, be impriibned by reason of any judgement or decree ob-for debts, &c. tained f>r payment of money only, pr for any debt, damages, eontrafted be- contempts, cofts, sum or sums of money, contrafted, incurred, 4/y*~  occafioned,  owing,  or  growing  due,  before the said twenty

ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight i but that upon every arrest upon every judgement or fuen decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, cofts, sum and sums of money, it (hall and may be lawful fpr any judge of the court where the process iffued, upon (hewing the copy of the order of such prifoner’s discharge or difeharges, to release and difeh^rge out 'of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforefaid;, and every such judge is hereby imppwered fp to do on such pri* (oner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him ia every such action and fuit.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of efcape, or any fuit or aftion, be

pfe°adthh aft brought against any jqftice or justices of the peace, fheriff, gaoler,

^  -  or keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance

of this aft, they may plead the general iflue, and give this aft .  ~  in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff be nonsuited or difeontinue his

aftion, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, treble S the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged may That if any Scire facias, or action of debt, or upon judgement, plead general- fhaH be brought against any prifoner, his or her heirs, execu-ly, tec. to all tors, or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained againft

any such prifoner, or in any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said tweqtv ninth day pf Sep*

Perfons dif-charged by this aft. not

fore io Sept.

Juftices, (he-riffs, and

to any action of efcape, or fait brought

aftions or judgements

1768.] Anno nono Georgii 111. c:*6.  199

Umber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, with reiped brought a-to prifonera in actual cuftody, or with respect to debtors beyond pj.n“ t^iem the feas, as aforesaid, upon the said twenty ninth day of Sep-Umber* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, it mall be 7 * lawful for any such prifoner, his or lier heirs, executors, St ad-miniftrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was adual^a prisoner in such prison at such a perfon’s fuit, or was Or teere beyond the seas ip foreign parts on the said twenty ninth d& of September* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, Jnawas or were duly discharged according to this ad, at the general or quarter feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or .place (as his, her, or their cafe is) without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or action (hall be com- and In other ' menced against him, her, or them, for any otner debt, sum or frits, may sums of money, due before the said twenty ninth of Sepumber, Pj*ad one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, to plead in#dif- Mrfons°froxa charge of his 6r her person from execution (over and aboveuuch execution, matters as aforefaid), that such debt or sum of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, without pleading any other matter fpecially; .whereto th^plaintiffs (hall or may reply generally, and deny the* matters Plaintiff may pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any otler matter or thing which reply general-may (hew the said defendant not to OThAitled td the benefit of ,ir* this ad, or not duly discharged according to it, in the fame tr ner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this ad, and hte discharge by virtue of this ad fpe-* cially; atm if the plaintiff be nonfuited, discontinue his adion, fuited^to or verdict pass againit him, or judgement on demurrer, the de- pay treble fendant to have treble cofts.  cofts.

XXX.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Bankrupts not aforefaid. That no person againft, whom a commission of bank- obtaining rupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not al- their certifi-ready obtained his certificate and discharge of his debts, in pur-fuanceof and in such manner as is directed by some or one of e^fro^the" the .ads of parliament now in force relating to or concerning benefit pf this bankrupts, or (hall not obtain such certificate and discharge be- ad. fore such time as he (hall be brought before the justices of the >peace at their general or quarter feflion, or some adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in-purfu-ance of this ad, (hall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this ad, nor be deemed to be within the meaqing thereof.  -  /

1 XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this ad contained Attornies em+ (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge bezzling, &c. any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other person or persons clients money ading, or pretending to ad, as such, with regard to any debt with which h6 or they (hall (land charged, for any money, °r nefi^of tbi# * pthcr effeds, recovered and received by him or them, for the*&. use of any person pr perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and

by

aoo  Anno nono Georgii III. c* 2 6. J_ 176a

by any attorney, folicitor, or other person or perlbns ailing aj such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his Or their own Ofe; ,or to relcafe or discharge any servant or agent, or any per-fon or persons employed or intruded as fuch, with regard to anj debt or demand with which he, (he,T>r they, (hall Hand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other efFe&s, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the ufe, and on account of his, her, or their matter or mailers, or employers] and by such servant or agent, embezzled, concealed, or convert] ^  ed to his, her, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to

the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Gaoler to per- XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nut the fpeak- That every gaoler or keeper of any prison (hall and is hereby re-Sng in private quired to luner, in thd day-time, any person or persons desiring to prifcners, the fatnc> to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or some convenient w^infeitediaroom of the faidprifon, with any prisoner or prifoners, whose the lilt, or names are irtferted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or London Gazette, &c. Gazette, or other news paper, or any ofVthem, or any persons surrendering themselves puffuant to this ail; and also fee, in and the exa- the true and genuine books of the laid prifon, the entries made mining the cf ^ name or names of such prisoner or prifoners, together: of entries &c!  the name or names of the person or persons at whose fuit or

*  suits he, (he, or they arc detained: and if any such gaoler or keeper

fhall neglect or renife to comply with what is here above requir- 1 on penalty of, ed» every such gaoler or keeper, who (hall fo offend in the pre-40U with * miffes, (hall forfeit and pay to the person fo refused and aggriev- | colts of ftiu ed, the sum of forty pounds ; to be recovered, with costs of fuit, by aition of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Weftminjler, wherein ho efloin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons fo refused or aggrieved.

Piifoner's fa- XXXIII.* Provided always, and be it enadted, That notwith-'wd effcft* landing the person of any prisoner or prifoners, fugitive or fu-iLtwfchttiind- gitives, (hall be discharged under this aft, the future estates and ing his perfo- effects of every such prisoner and fugitive shall remain and be find difcharge, able to his, her, and their respective creditors as- before the liable to ere- mairing of this adf, (his, her, or their necessary wearing apparel. Wearing a ani* bc<k^n£» f°r his, her, or their families, and working tools parel, b?d-P* an<^ implements necessary for his, her, or their trade or occupa-ding,’and tion, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole, only working excepted) and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or 1 ot e«eedin Prtf°ners* fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, sue lol^value,1 S out execution, extents, or other procefs, on any judgement at excepted. ’ the time of such discharge recovered, or statute ftaple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or sentence or decree obtained againft, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their perfon, or his, her, or their refpedlivc wearing apparel, bedding, working tools, and implements, as aforefaid.

Creditor may XXxIV. And be it also enadled, That any creditor or credible for the 7 tors of any prisoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives,, who fhall

1  be

Anno nono Georgti in. c. 26.  2O1

be discharged tinder this aft, may, at any time after any such recovery of difcharge, commence and prpfecute any action or fuit against any debt doe such prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, ex- \hl prifoncrt ecutors, pr adminiftrators, for the recovery of any sum or sums difcharge, of money which (hall be due from anyfuch prisoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her said difcharge, but lhall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to fpe-  .

cial bail; nor (hall take the perfon, necessary wearing apparel, the prisoner t* bedding, tools, or implements, as aforesaid, of any such prifo- special bail* ner or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, fentence, or de- nor take his cree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against any perfon, wea*-fuch prisoner or fugitive : and in any action or fuit, which (hall be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner er fugitive, tools, in his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, no benefit or ad- judgement j vantage (hall be had or taken, for that the cause of action did ana no advm-not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any 2Sen ofthe ‘ such action or fuit; nor (hall any statute of limitation be plead- cause of action - able, or be allowed to be pleaded, in bar of or in any such action not accruing or fuit, which (hallbe hereafter commenced by any such creditor within 3 year^ or creditors against any such prisoner or prifoners, unless such cause statute o^li-of action or fuit did not accrue within three years next before any Station, such prisoner or fugitive (hall be discharged under this aft 5 ana Exception, in any such cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any such prifoner, . his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators.

XXXV.  Provided always, and be it likewise enafted, That Difcharge of by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this aft, ^uittal^o no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners the copartner in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or or fureties. her discharge under this aft, or then stood bound,'engaged with,

- or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contraft whatsoever together with any such prisoner or fugitive, {hall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons (hall . severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contrafts, in like manner us if any fiich prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the fame.

XXXVI.  And be it further enafted. That if any gaoler or Pa°fcr keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prifons,

(hall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book prison book or or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of lifts, forfeits which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or cause to 5®oL with be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any ■ c cofta> false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or (hall in-fert in any lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty nmrh day of September, one thouiand (even hundred and lixty eight, or (hall not have ever since remained in such actual custody ; except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or de-'{rated gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted 1 every such gaoler

OK

202  Anno  tiono <jE0R6ii III. z6.  {176#.

ewer and a* orke eper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above bov* °*her the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every such fraud, ^ifraud?r ^or^t an^ Pay (he sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of fuit, by and jn the name, and for the ufe, of any person or per (ons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any ' v  of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjiery wherein no efioin,

1  protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall

be allowed.

ftifoner re- XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any prifoner, iafing to de- being thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refuse to discover dare the a- and declaim the trade or occupation and habitation or lad place bode, &c..of of abode, of the person or persons at. whose fuit he or (he is de-who^ fait he ta*nc<l or charged in custody y or being called for' and defired, is detained, or by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison .tocome to the in which any such prisoner (hall be confined, without some rea-creditor in fonable cause being made appear to the contrary; every such i^exchided Pr^oner> uPon proof bring made thereof before the justices at the benefit of any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment this aft. thereof, to be held as aforesaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or underthis aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.  And whereas there is but one comtnon or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York and Lincoln^ which said counties are each of them divided into several ridings or divifions, all which have .feveral cpmmiflions of the peace; and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each aiding or divifion, the fame will be a very great charge, not only to such * gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those large counties; be it Com’York therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and irndLincoln may be lawful for two or .more justices of the peace for each of to meet at the the ridings and divisions in the respective Counties, at the corn-county gaols, mon or county goal thereof refpeftively, or at some convenient chir°eo{^n P^ace near thereto, and they are hereby required toaffemble and loners. * " meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment'from their respective quarter feffion, from time to. time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according ta the powers, limi-’ tations, and directions of this aft*.

Thofe who XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-are prisoners faid, That all debtors, and others, who were in prison on or for their fees, before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand fe-°VdsConhe ven hundred and sixty eight, or fince., in any of the gaols of this gaoJerbr of* kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, ficer, to be  or any other demands, due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or

difeharged.  gaoler of any prison refpeftively, or to any other officer of any

fiich prifon, and upon no other account, (hall be discharged therefrom, he, (he, or they, taking the oath by this aft required to be taken by prifoners.  .

'  P*q-

*  -  TL  *

1768.] Anno nono GeoRGii III. c. 26'. 205

XL. Provided always. That this aft (hall not extend to dif- Debtors to the charge any person out of prifon, feeklng his or her discharge ^jfoners^ho tinder this aft, with respect to any debt with which he or (he Swe°abovr ° shall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or (hall be indebt- JOooL to one cd to any body politick or corporate, or to any one perfon, in perfon, junlef* any sum exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, besides t|ie !?redltors interest and cofts, unless such body politick or corporate, or e^cluded^e creditor, (hall consent thereto 5 and if any such body politick benefit of this or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding aft. one thousand pounds (hall be owing, (hall oppose the discharge creditor op* of such prifoner, and (hall insist that such prisoner be continir- pofmg prifon. Cd in gaol, that then, and in such cafe, such body politick or difcharge, corporate, dr creditor pr creditors, opposing the said prisoner's t0 h,m discharge as aforesaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper costs * pcr and charges, allow and pay in the whole such a weekly main- * . tenance to the said ptjfoner, not exceeding three (hillings and fix pence per week, in such manner as the said justices in their general or quarter feffion, or some adjournment thereof, (hall order; and upon nonpayment of the fame for the space of fix On nonpay-weeks, the said prifoner, upon application to the said justices in ment, prisoner their general or quarter session held as aforesaid, (hall be dif- ^ charged pursuant to the intent and meaning of this aft. * c argc

XLI. Provided alfof That every person and persons intitled, Difcharges to or to be intitled, to the benefit of this aft, (hall obtain their be obtained respective discharges on or before the first day of Auguft, one by 1 Auguft, thousand seven hundred and seventy one, or (hall be excluded ,77I# from all benefit of this aft.

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several persons who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this afty are seised of an efiate tail, in some freehold or copyhold landsy tenements, or hereditamentsj • which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftanty they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuffer-ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or fur-renders thereof whereby such person or persons said freehold or copy-hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pay-* ment of their debts, and be delivered upy according to the terms of this afty for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore efcafted by the authority aforesaid, That, in every such cafe, such person or persons fo seised as aforesaid, and who (hall be intitled to, and Perfons seised claim the benefit of this aft, (hall, to all intents and purposes of an estate whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are here- tail, claiming by declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and heredi-laments, in fee j provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the \Q deliver up creditor or creditors of every such prifoner, in the fame manner the fame k> as if such persons or person had actually levied a fine, suffered a the creditors, common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or furren-ders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof in arty wife notwith-ftanding.

XLIII. And whereas many prisoners who may be intitled toy and claim the benefit of this aft* have been great dealers, or otherwifo en~

- Vol. XXVIII.  P  ' gaged

204

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 26<  [1768;

gaged in large tranfaflionSy whereby they may be intitled to Jundry and great debts and demands. of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of efiateSyfubjelf and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions9 remainders, or other contingent ejlates in lands9 tenements,  hereditament  other  trusts  or  inter  efts  in ejlates, both real and perfo-

naU which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the schedule or inventory before dire lied to be delivered in9 upon oath9 by the pri-foner to be dijcharged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or af-fijlance to adjujfty make out9 recovery or managey for the benefit of the creditors \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That w ices may it (hall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees pf apply for far- the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who (hall ob-tion SfK ta*n  or  ^eir  discharge, in pursuance of this adt, or

e^"ouchTng11* anY other person or persons duly authorized by them for that the discovery purpose, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the of his effedts, justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town,

&c#  place, or liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners (hall be then

refiding, thereby defiring, that such prisoner or prisoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effedts; whereupon such justices (hall and juftices', fend for, or call before them, such prisoner or prisoners by such may fend for warrant, fummons, ways or means, as they (hall think fit; and examine and, upon such prifoner’s appearing, (hall examine him, her, accordindy. or ^em, as well upon oath as otherwife, as to such matters 6 y#. and things as such assignee (hall defire, relating to the estate and Prifoner re- effects of such prisoner or prisoners ; and if any prisoner or pri-fufmg to ap- fohers (on payment or tender of payment or such reasonable answer upon barges as  justices (hall judge fufficient) (hall neglect or

oath, may be refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be committed, made known to such juftices, and Jby them allowed, or, being come before them, (hall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all v such questions as by such justices (hall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or ef-fedts fo vefted, or intended to be vefted, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or in such affignees, as aforesaid, that then it (hall and may be . lawful to and for such juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners fo offending as a-forefaid, and him, her, or them, to. commit to the county gaol,

<%  there to remain without bail or mainprize, «until such time as

he, (he, or they, (hall submit him, her, or themfelves, to such juftices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as (hall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the pur-pofes aforefaid.

361. percent. , XLIV. And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid, allowed on That all and every such person and persons who (hall, within dlfc®.^erinS twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prifoners, months1 any voluntarily come in and make a diftovery of any part of such part of the * debtor or debtors real or personal estate as (hall not be compriz-prifoner's e- ed in fuch, schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, :

6  (hall

i 768.3 Anno nono Georgii HI. c. 26J  205

(hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out date not rc-of the net produce of such debtor or debtors eftate, which (hall rUunidim the be recovered on such difcovery, and which (hall be paid to fuchIc c u c* perfpn or persons fo discovering the fame, by the assignee or af-fignees of such prifoner’s estate and effedts.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enabled, T^hat natwitH- Difcharge ob-ftanding the discharge or any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of tained fraudu-this adl, if if (hall hereafter appear the fame was obtained frau- lcntly, void, dulently, or that any'part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such cafe, every such discharge (hall be void and of none effedt.

XLVI. And for the better discovery of the ejiate and effects ofptrfons con-any prijoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this be it en- cealing any acted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons  I

who (hall have accepted of any trust or trufts, and (hall wilful- p^ner forty conceal or protect any eftate, real or perfonal, of any such fejt ,001. and prisoner from his creditors, and (hall not, within thirty days double value, after any assignee or assignees (hall, in pursuance of this adt, be t^ble chose of any such prifoner’s eftate, discover and difdofe to fuchcoft#offtut* assignee or assignees such trust and estate in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such assignee or affignees, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prifoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of bis Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjler,,  /

in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prifoner’s eftate, together with treble costs of fuit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Affignees/ That it (hall be lawful at all times hereafter, for any assignee or with confent# assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prifoners, of the major?-who (hall be chose in pursuance of this adt, by and with the Xg^^itors consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners ^aycom-”* creditors, who (hall be present at a meeting to be had on twen- pound for ty one days publick notice being previously given for the purpose debts doe t<> hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if the prisoner was t^tpr!foner i in custody in London or within the weekly bills of mortality, and e * • if not, then also in some news paper which (hall be published in * the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person (hall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or perfons, debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prifoners, vfhere the fame (hall appear necessary or reafonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such compofition, be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts ; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or and may fob* affignees, and any person or perfons, for or on account, or by mit any dif-reafon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effedls, or to any debt or debts fotration* due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prifoners,  *  ‘

to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by (he said assignee gr affignees, and the major part in value of

P2  such

lo 6

Anno nono Georg ii 111: c.26.

agree the fame as they Shall think fit.

behaviour j

[1768.

fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have no difference, and to perform the award of such arbi-orotherwife trators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them ; or otherwise an<^ agree Ae matters in difference and dispute between 9crr#^ * m thenij jn such manner as the said assignee or aflignees, with such consent as aforesaid, (hall think fit, and can agree, and the fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prifoners; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the premisses in pursuance of this aft.

XLVIII. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and efFefts of such prisoner or prisoners as (hall be discharged by virtue of this aft, may be duly and faithfully applied for the be-1  nefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the

Aflignees may authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for be petitioned the respective courts at Wejlminjler, and the courts of great fef-for ®on *n  and *n the principality of Chejier, and the counties

frauftd^^  Lancajler  and  Durham, refpeftively, from whence

management, any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or other mif- or were committed, or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or of Great StJJions aforesaid, within their respective jurifdiftrons, or any one of them, from time to time; upon the petition of any such prifoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prifoners, complaining of any in-fufficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or efFefts of any such prisoner or prifoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difplac-ing such assignee or aflignees, and the appointing any new af-fignee or assignees in the place or dead of such assignee or af-herein as they fignees fo to be removed or difplaced, or for the prudent, juft; shall think fit. or equitable management or distribution of the estate and efFefts of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or aifplacing of any assignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or aflignees, the estate or efFefts of such prisoner or prisoners (hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or assignees fo removed or difplaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or af-fignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and pur-pofes, as the fame were before vested in the assignee or af-fignees first chose as aforesaid ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Where mutual XLIX. Provided always, and be it it enacted by the autho-crcdit has been rlty aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given, the ba- given between any prisoner or prisoners who (hall be discharged ft "tS andCal. in Purfuance °f this aft, and any other person or perfons, or lowed. * body politick or corporate, before the delivery of such fchedufe or inventory of the estate and efFefts of such prisoner or prifo-

► -  ners,

the court thereupon is to summon the parties and make such orders

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. *6.  *oy

ners, upon oath, as aforesaid, the respective assignee and af-fignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their parts, to ftatq and allow an • ' account between them and the other party or parties concerned ; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, as the estate oreffedts of such prisoner or prifoners, than what lhall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them reflectively, as and for the balance of such account when truly ftatcd.

* > L. And whereas many persons are often committed on attachment s% Prifoner*, for for not paying money awarded to be paid under fubmijjions to arbritra- not paying tion by rules of court9 or under fubmijjions to arbitration bonds, and ™^ded under which fubmijjions have been made rules of the court Jin pursuance of an submissions to aft pajfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the arbitration %

\Third, for determining differences by arbitration ; and likewise for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper for not paying officery after proper demands made for that purpose; and also upon colts j any writ 3/* Excommunicato capiendo, or other, process for, ^and upon writ grounded on9 the non-payment of cojls or expences in any cause or pro- of JZxcommunU ceeding in any ecclejiajlical court; it is hereby declared and enadt- cat$ capiendo, ed. That all such persons are and lhall be intitled to the benefit&c*. .. . of this adt, and subject to the fame terms and conditions as Sc henk of arp herein expreiled and declared with respect to prisoners for this aft* debt only.

LI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been, Thofewhoare and are now, imprisoned for debt upon processes ifiuing out of prisoners up-courts of conference ; it is hereby enacted and declared, That on process out all such prisoners lhall be intitled to have the benefit of this adf, conferee*to and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, i£vAhete-conform to the directions herein before preferibed, touching nefit of this other prisoners who (hall be difebarged by virtue of this adt. aft.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, Quaker’s af-That in all cafes wherein by this adt an oath is required, the motion to solemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, (hail and may j* taken in be accepted and taken in lieu thereof 5 and every person mak-k*“h0*an ing such affirmation, who (hall be convidtcd of wilful and false 0 affirming, (hall incur and fulfer such and the fame penalties as are infiidted and imposed by this adt upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Perfons who thority aforefaid. That no person who took the benefit of an adt t0°* passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty King a^0f sGee.t, George the Third, intitled. An aft for the relief of tnfohent debtors, excluded, (hall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this. adt, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be discharged under the fame; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

208 Anno nono Georgii III. c.27f. [178$.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]
LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft to continue certain laws therein mentioned, for granting9 for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majeftys provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, direftly to any part of America to the foutb-•ward of the faid provinces, Jubjeft to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the faid colonies to places in Europe Jituate to the foutbward of Cape Finifterre.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after mentioned, which have been found ufeful and beneficial, and which are near expiring, Jbould be continued; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Aft 4 Geo. 3. an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Maje-rkeCfromtin^ ^ intituled, An aft for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to South Carolina carry rid from his Majejifs provinces of South Carolina and and Georgia, Georgia, direftly to any part of America to the fouthward of the faid provinces, fubjeft to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice from the faid colonies to places in Europe fituate to the and claure in fouthward of Cape Finifterre; and alfo a claufe in an aft made aft 5 Geo. 3. in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft allowing like for more effeftually fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Maje-N. Carolina fy'5 American dominions; for repealing the inland duty on coffee, * impofed by an aft made in the thirty fecondyear of his late majejly King George the Second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported •(except coffee of the growth of the Britifh dominions in America) ; for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon fugars exported; for repealing part of an aft made in the twenty third year of his faid late Majejly, whereby bar iron made in the faid dominions was prohi-ted to he exported from Great Britain, or carried coaftwife; and for regulating the fees of officers of the cufioms in the faid dominions; which gave liberty to carry rice from North Carolina, in the fame manner, and under the like entries, fecurities, reftriftions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties* and forfeitures, as were enafted by the faid aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, with refpeft to carrying rice to the fouthward of Sfath Carolina and Georgia-, which have continuance for five years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty tour, and from thence to the end of the then arc continued next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame are hereby termhofUrther cont*nuec* fr°m expiration thereof for the term of five years, f*y*ar§. and ^rgm ^ence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28 209

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft to permit the inhabitants of Jerfey and Guernfey to export direftly from thmce to Newfoundland, or the Bri-tilh Colonies in America, goods neceffary for the jijhery, under certain reftriftions; and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum) and to land the fame in the faid ijlands.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign ^Preamble, re-VV bis late majefiy King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft citing claufcs for the encouragement of trade, it is amongjl other things, enacted,	act

That no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture ^/Car*2* Europe, Jhall be imported into any land, ifiand, plantation, colony, territory, or	A/r	Majefiy	belonging, or which Jhall hereafter

belong unto, ar in the poffeffion of, his Majefiy, his heirs, andfuc-cejfors, in Afia, Africa, dr America, [except as therein is excepted) but what Jhall be bona fide,	without fraud, laden and Jhipped in

England or Wales, or the town 0/* Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalties in the faid ad mentioned; and whereas by an aCl made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, any officer of and 4 Geo. p his Majefiy's cufioms is impowered to flop any Britifh Jhip or vejfel arriving f rom any part of Europe, which Jhall be difcovered within two	'

leagues of the Jhore of any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in A-merica, and to feize and take from thence, as forfeited, any goods [except fuch as in the faid aCt are mentioned) for which the mafier or other perfon taking charge of fuch Jhip or veffel Jhall not produce a cocket or clearance from the collector or proper officer of his Majefiy's cufioms, certifying that the faid goods were laden on board the faid -Jhip or veffel in fome part of Great Britain : and whereas the fijhing trade carried on by the inhabitants of Jerfey and Guernfey at Newfoundland, and other of the Britifh colonies and plantations in North America, is highly beneficial to this kingdom, in the employing great numbers of feamen and /hips, and in the ufe and confumption of great quantities of Britifh manufactures; and it is therefore expedient for the encouragement of that trade, to permit the faid inhabitants of Jerfey <2/7^ Guernfey to export diredly from thence fuch articles as are neceffary for their carrying on the faid jijhery; may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it {hall and may be lawful for any perfbn or perfons inhabitants of inhabiting in the faid iflands of Jerfey or Guernfey to fhip and Jerfey or lade in the faid iflands, and to tranfport direftly from thence to Guernfey al-Newfoundland, or to any other of the Britifh colonies or planta- ^^t t^Ne*" tions in America, where the fifhery is now or fhall hereafter be f°und?andWor carried on, on board any fhip or veffel which may lawfully trade other BritiOi there, any fort of craft, food, viftuals, cloathing, or other goods, American co-fit and necefiary for the fifhery in thofe parts, or for the ufe and &oodi *	P4	fupportoftheSrowth

Digitized by ^ooQle

2io ' Anno nono Georgii III. c. 28;' ‘  (1768#

or manufac- support of the mariners or other persons employed on board the ture of Great veffe]s, or on (hore, in carrying on the said fishery there j such fary^or the craft> cloathing, or other goods, being the growth, produce, or fthery) manufacture of Great Britain, or of the said iilands of Jerfey or Guernfey, and such food or victuals being of the growth or produce either of Great Britain, Ireland, or the said iilands of Jerfey or Guernfey ; any thing in the said aCts, or any law or fta-tute, to the contrary notwithftanding. upon produc- Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and en-ing a certifi- aCted by the authority aforefaid. That the mailer or other per-.cate to the  fon taking charge of such (hip or vessel (hall produce, to the proofficer of the  per officer of the customs in the colony or plantation where he

that°tbe erC arr*ve> a certificate, under the hand and feal of the gover-goods, &c. < nor, lieutenant or deputy governor, or commander in chief for are of such  the time being, that oath had been made by the (hipper of such

growth or  goods before the magift rates of the royal courts in Jerfey or

manurac urej Quernjj,y refpeCtively, or any three of them that the goods and victuals fo Ihipped on board such (hip or vessel are of such growth, product, or manufacture, as aforefaid5 which certificate (hall also be attested by the principal officer of the cuftoms1 in the said island refpeCtively, who (hall certify, that ,  the said oath was taken in his prefence; and on failure of

famVare lia Pro<^uc^n6 such certificate as herein before directed, such craft, ble to for- * food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods, found on* board any feiture. (hip or veflel, and the vessel importing the fame, (hall be liable to be seized and forfeited, in the fame mannpr as they would have been subject and liable if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Claufe in act III. And whereas by an alt made in the sixth year of the reign of 6 Geo. 3. bis present Majefly, intituled, An act for repealing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations granted by feverai aCts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made j in the last fefficn of parliament upon certain Eajl India goods exported from Great Britain,, and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for encouraging, regulating, and fecuring, feverai branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America; it isr amongst other things, enafled, that bond and fecurityj in the penalties in the said recited alt mentioned, Jball be given to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at any port or place in any of the Britifti American colonies or plantations, with one surety besides the master of every ship or vessel that Jhalllade or tale on board there any non-enumerated goods, with condition that such goods Jball not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finifterre, except in G reat Britain; which exception was, and 7 Geo. 3. by an aft made in the ftventh year of his Majefly*$ reign, extended, to Ireland : and whereas it is reafontible to extend the like exception to the islands of Jerfey and Guernfey: be it therefore enaCied by the Non-enume- authority aforesaid, That any non*enumerated goods, except rated goods, rum> laden as aforesaid in any British American colony or plan-• fa<Se*fonboa^d tation, may be landed in the laid islands of Jerfey or Guernfey; in any Britidf and that the said act made in the sixth year of his present Ma-^cricanco- iefiy’s reign, ?nd all the regulations therein contained, fo far a$

Anno tiono Georgii III. c. 29.  211

the fame relates to the bond and security for landing suchjion- lony, allowed enumerated goods in Great Britain, (hall extend, and be con-!° be landed ft rued to extend, to the said islands of Jerfey and Guemfey alfo, Guernrey,°un-as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes 3s if the said der the regu-* islands had been excepted and named in jthe said aft$ and that lations in the any bond which may have been or (hall be entered into in pur- *e*ited ad of fuance of the said recited adts, or either of them, (hall and may 6 Geo# •. he cancelled and discharged by the certificate under the hands and seals of the magistrates of the royal courts of Jerfey or Guernfey refpedtively, or any three of them, and the principal officer of the customs in such island refpedtively, testifying the landing such goods there, jin the-fame manner as if the said ^ goods had been ‘landed in Great Britain or Ireland; any thing in the said acts to the contrary, notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIX. aft for the more effectual punishment of such persons as Jball demolijh or pull down, burny or otherwise dejlroy or fpoilj any mill or mills; and for preventing the defraying or damaging of engines for draining collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things used in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines 5 or fences for inclosing lands in pursuance of afts of parBar went.  -

WHEREAS by an a8 passed in the firjl year of the reign ^/preamble, r*l his latemajejiy King George the Firjl, intituled. An adt for Citjng clauses preventing tumults and riotous allemblies, and for the more in aft of 1 speedy and effectual punithing the rioters, it is, among other Geo* *• things, entitled. That if any persons unlawfully, riotoufly, and tu~ multumjly ajjembled together, to the dijlurbance of the publick peace,

Jball unlawfully and with force demolijh or pulldown, or begin to de~, molijh or pull down, any church or chapel, or any building for reli~ grous worjbip, certified and regijlered according to the statute made in the firjl year of the reign of the late King William and §>ueen Mary* and aft 1 WiL intituled. An adt for exempting their Majefties protestant fub- and Mary. \ jedts difienting from the church of England from the penalties of Certain laws, or any dwelting-boufe, barn, ftable, or other out» boufe\ that then, every such demolijhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolijh or pull down, Jball be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy; and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and JhaU suffer death as in eyes of felony without benefit of clergy: and where-as feme doubts have arisen whether the said aft extends to the puU ling down and demolijhing of mills: therefore, for remedying the mifehiefs which may ensue therefrom, and for the more effectual punishment of . such offenders, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affbmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That if The riotously •any person or persons unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuously afleinblmg. *flembled together, to the disturbance of the public peace, (hall* ^egin-

s i2  Anno  nono  Georgii  III. c. 29?  [176?;

sing todemo- at any time after the first day of July, one thousand seven hun-liAi» 8cc. any dred and sixty nine, unlawfully and with force demolish or pull mm or mm*, down, or begin to demolUh or pull down, any wind faw mill, or other wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill which (hall or any of the have been or (hall be ereAed, or any of the works thereto re-worksthereof, fpedtively belonging; that then every such demolishing or pul*-ny^n the per- **n6 down, or beginning to demoliih or pull down, (hall be fons guilty adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders thereof, with- therein (hall be adjudged felons, and (hall mffer death as in cafe out benefit of 0f felony without benefit of clergy*

clergy}  H. And whereas no effectual provtfion hath heretofore been made

for preventing the burning of mills, be it therefore enabled by the authority afoiefaid. That if any person or persons (hall from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, wilfully or maliciously burn, or let fire to, any wind as is also the ^aw or other wind mill, or any water mill, or other mill; wilfully burn- such person fo offending, being lawfully convicted thereof, (hall ing, or setting be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and (hall fiw to any suffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy. nuU#  III.  And  for  more  effectually  preventing  the defraying of engines

for draining collieries, coal mines, and other mines, and bridges and waggon ways used in conveying coals, lead, and other minerals from • thence 5 and also fences made or to be made for inclojing lands by virtue of alts of parliament; be it further enacted by the authority The wilfully aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall at any time after destroying or the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty «efne3orgen" nine» wilfully or maliciously fet fire to, burn, demolhh, pull draining col- down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any fire engine or other lieries, or engine ere&ed, or to be eredted, for draining water from col-other mines j heries or coal mines; or for drawing coals out of the fame; or bi/coal8aW" f°r draining water from any mine of lead, tin, copper, or other thereout; mineral $ or any bridge, waggon way, or trunk eredted, or to or any bridge, be eredted, for conveying coals from any colliery or coal mine, waggon or ftaith for depositing the fame; or any bridge or waggon way ^ttaitl^ufed cre®*d» or to he erected, for conveying lead, tin, copper, or for any pur- other mineral, from any such mine; or any fence or fences poses of the that are or (hall be eredted, fet up, provided, or made, for di-faid mines, viding or inclosing any common waste or other lands or grounds, orfences fet *n Pur^uai^ce any a& or acts of parliament; every such per-up for indof- f°n» being lawfully convicted of any or either of the said feve-ing lands by ral offences, or of causing or procuring the fame to be done, virtue of aas (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be subject to the of parliament, pa;ns an<j penalties as in cafes of felony; and the court by is tranfpor- or before whom such person (hall be tried, (hall have power ana tation for V authority to transport such felon for the term of seven years, in years.  like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the

laws and ftatuces of this realm.

Limitation of IV. Provided always. That no person "or persons (hall be Ijrofecuttons prosecuted by virtue of this adt for any offence or offences com-fm* the said fitted contrary to the fame, unlefs. such prosecution be com-0 ences. fenced within eighteen n/onths after the offence committed,

CAP.

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.gd.'  213

CAP. XXX.

'An-aft for repealing fo much of an aft pajfei in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne as relates to the harbour moorings of the royal navy \ and for the more effectual preservation of such harbour moorings; and pumfbment of persons guilty offiealing or embezzling his Majeftfs naval fiorts 5 or of forgery or perjury in relation to feameris wages.

WHE R £ AS the provisions made by an aft of parliament of the tenth year of her late majesty Queen A line, for thepre-ferving her Majejly9 s harbour moorings, have been found insufficient for preserving the harbour moorings belonging to bis Majejly, and for securing the Jbips and vejfels of the royal navy from being liable to be damaged by merchant ships or vejjels: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the au-thority of the fame. That fo much of the said aft, as relates to the Repeal of fo preserving her said late Majesty’s harbour moorings, (hall be, and much of the is hereby declared to be, from and after the twenty fourth ^ay  a«

of JuneY one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, repealed, relates to'pre*

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That serving her from arid after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand Majeffy’s liar-seven hundred and sixty nine if any merchant (hip, or other (hip moor" or velfel, other than and except his Majesty’s ships of war, or (hips v^els not in or vefiels belonging to his Majesty’s royal navy, or employed in the govern-his Majesty’s fervice, (hall stop or fatten to any of his Majesty’s ment service moorings, or fix themselves to any of his Majesty’s ships or hulks,  ™

or ride or moor with their own anchors, fo as in any manner, or anyoftL0* with any wind, to be liable to bear against any of bis Majesty*s royal moor-(hipsofwdr, or other vefiels; the captain, mafter, commander, ings or hulks, or perfon, then on board, ind having the care or command of such merchant (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and pay the sum of ten  j0 £ear

pounds for each and every tide such merchant (hip or vessel against any of (hall stay and remain at the said moorings, or ride or moor the King’s with its own anchor, fo as in any manner, or with any wind, &c* to bear against any of his Majesty’s said (hipsor hulks; unlefs^htfde;" it (hall appear that such merchant (hip or vessel was necessitated unless necef-fo to do by want of tide, stress of weather, or other unavoid* fitated fo to able accident; one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be applied do* to the use of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and the other Application moiety thereof to the use of him or them who (hall sue for the tortel* fame; to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, with full costs of fuit, wherein no efioin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or more than bne imparlance, (hall

be allowed.  IVlerchant

, III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That /hips may be the person on board commanding any such merchant (hip or unloosed and vessel (hall, and he is hereby required, upon an order given to removed from

him

4

any such moorings, upon not complying with any order for the purpose i

and the officers of the King's (hips, otdocks, are indemnified therein.

Anna nono Georgix III. c. 3a* f 1 y6S.

him in writing by any one or more officer or officers belonging to any of hisMajefty’s (hips of war, docks, or yards, to unlooie from the said moorings, and remove such merchant (hip or vef-Tel, in cafe it (hall be then moored, with its own anchors, fo as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear against any of his 'Majefty’s said (hips or hulks ; and upon negleCt or refusal of such officer to comply with any such order or orders for the space of twenty four hours next after such order or orders (hall be 16 given, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every such "officer or officers of any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, docks, or yards, to unlooie, or cause such merchant (hip or vessel to ' be unloofed, as aforesaid, hnd to remove, or cause the fame to be removed, fo as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any manner, or with any wind, liable to bear against his Majesty’s said (hips or hulks.

IV.  And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That every such officer and officers of his Majesty’s (hips of war, docks, or yards aforesaid, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for what he or they (hall fo do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this aCt.

V.  And, for the more speedy and effectual bringing to justice per-fons who shall falsely ajjume the names or characters of officers or fea-men, or other perfons.5 or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, , certificate* alignment, last will, or other authority to receive any wages, pay* or other allowance, due to any officer, feaman, or other officer, in* or who has been or shall be in, his Majejly's fervice\ or shall utter or publijh the fame as true; or who shall be guilty of fiealing or im -bezzling his Majefiy's naval fiores; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, onethousand seven hundred and sixty nine, it

officers of the fllan arKi may be lawful to and for the treafurer, comptroller, TOweredtoadl furVcyor> clerk °f a&s> or any commissioner of the navy for as justices in the time being, and they are hereby refpeClively authorized and impowered, from time to time, in all places whatfoever, to do, perform, exercife, and execute, the office and duty of a justice or justices of the peace, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, in causing any perion or persons who (hall, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be charged with forging or counterfeiting, or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, affignment, last will, or other power or, authority; or with uttering or publishing the fame as true, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance, due to any officer, feaman, or other perfon, who is or has been, or (hall hereafter be, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors; or with taking, or procuring false oaths to be taken, for any of the purposes aforesaid ; or to obtain a probat of any wili,. or letters of adminiftration, in order to receive such wages, pay, or Qthqr allowance; or with dealing or

im-

Treafurer, and other

any of the cafes here mentioned $

/

• Ariho norio Georgii III. (*31.  3V5

tnbezzling of any naval (tores, the property of his Majesty,* his heirs, or fucceffors, to be apprehended, committed, ana profecuted, for the fame; and all conftables, headboroughs, and all con-keepers of gaols and prifons, and all other officers whatfoever^^k* arc (hall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to'indtxccutc* time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such war- their war. rant and warrants as (hall be made, directed, iffued, or given rants accord-to them, or any of them, by any one or more of the persons .aforefaid, touching any or the matters and things herein before, contained.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty of ut-if any person (hall, after the said twenty fourth day of June, one ^ringany thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, utter or publifh, as oTauorne^ true, any falfe, forged, or counterfeited letter of attorney, bill, bill, ticket/ ticket, certificate, affignment, last will, or any other power or au- certificate, thority whatfoever, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances cf money, or prize money, due or supposed to  officer

due to any officer or feaman, or other perfon, who has really or failor, to . served or was supposed to have ferved, or who (hall hereafter obtain any . serve or be supposed to have ferved, on board of any (hip or vessel wages, prize of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors, with intent to defraud any perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counter- .  ^

feited; then every such perfon, being thereof lawfully convided,:*8.^0^ (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall suffer death as a fe- ^eLof clergy. Ion without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXI.

An a ft for the establishing and well governing an hospital for the reception, maintenance, and employment, of penitent prostitutes ; and for extinguishing the right of common of and in certain lands in Saint George's Fields, in the county of Surrey.

Preamble. Corporation instituted for the purposes of this aft. Their ftile,.

&c. and power. Particular officers disqualified from acting as governors, the present officers excepted. The first president and vice prefidents, trear-. furer, and committee. Vice prefidents, treafurer, and committee, to be elected annually, who may compose a general court: their first meeting to be on *8 July 1769; a general court to be held quarterly; or oftener if neCeifary. Annual general court for eleftingthe vice prefidents, trea-(urer, committee, and other officers, &c. Power of the general court to enter into contrafts5 and to manage and transact all bufinefs, &c. and delegate proper powers to committees; and to order and dispose of the use of the common feal; and to make bye-laws, and to revoke or alter the fame. No bye-law to be binding, unleis confirmed by a succeeding general court. Eleftion of a prefident, vice prefident, or treafurer, in the room of such as shall die, or refign. All questions at a general court or committee are to be decided by vote; unless five members demand a ballot, and then it is to be determined accordingly. General court impowered to appoint such officers, See, as (hall be judged neceifary $ or to remove or fqf-pend them; and allow them reasonable falaries. Committee, at tiieir weekly or other meetings, impowered to suspend or remove officers, and appoint others, till a general court be held. Officers to account upon bath, &c. when required 5 and making default therein, may be committed, till he render account and payment, or compound. Perfons admitted ' into the hofpital, or employed therein, to gain no settlement in the pa-rifh thfereby. Right of commoii extinguished upon the lands on which the hospital is intended to be built. Power to exchange certain lands vested in Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway, for the use of the said hofpitaL No building to be erected within* ten feet pf the roads to be made front

the

Anno nono Georgii III. <^.<32,33; [i j6$.

the Couth end of Black Friars bridge. Limitation of addons. General ilTue* Treble colts. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the high streets and lanes in the parish of Saint Nicholas within the city of Rochefter and parish of Strood in the county of Kent ; and for making a road through Star Lane, across certain fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham HiU in the said county.

4 CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for granting to bis Majesty a certain sum of money to be railed

by a lottery.

Preamble. The sum of 780,000Lgranted; to be railed by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, have fubfcnbed to 1 the said sum of 780,000!. and droofited x Lin respect of every ticket, 1 are to pay the remaining sum of 121. as herein direfted; viz. the further sum of 21. in respect of each ticket, by x June; 3I. by xo July j 3 1. by a 5 Auguft; and 4I. by 3 Oftober next. Contributors paying in the whole of their subscriptions by 22 Auguft, to be allowed interest after the rate of 31. per cent, to the 3d of Oftober 1769. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to fublcribers completing their fubfcriptions. Calhier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treafury to apply the money to the services voted this felfion. 600,0001. part of the said Com of 780,0001. to be distributed into prizes; and paid into the bank, out of the supplies granted this fellion. Managers ana directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine I the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cafliiers of the | bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafliiers to return the books, with j the undisposed tickets, with an account of the monies paid in. The un-difpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer, &c. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with silk 5 and cut off in-dentwife, into a box marked with the letter (A) Box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and xooo 1. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermott columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up, and tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and fealed. Publick notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 13 Nov. 1760. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. After each day’s drawing, the boxes to be locked up and fealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Difputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging, &c. tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be fwom. The oath. Caftner to receive the sums fubfcnbed, before receiving the lottery books; and to give a note for the fame; the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 13I. fo paid* Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, forfeit their depofits; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treafury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of*fale of chances, Sec. Penalty. Office-keepers, See. felling (hares in tickets of which they are npt ppffeffed, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland agalnft afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punifhable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The sum of 600,0001. payable>in respect of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted tnis feffion; and to be paid at the bank without deduction. Alter the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for .entering the names of per fons bringing tickets to be exchanged, See. Certificates to be figned, Ac. Treafury. to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of this, aft, No fee to be taken for receiying or

' . pay?

j 768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. '34."

paying the contribution-monies, or for ifiuiog receipts or monies, on penalty of 201. General iffue. Treble cofts.

'  CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for granting to bis Majesty a certain sum of money out of the linking fund9 and for applyingafertain sum therein mentioned for the ’ service of the year one tnoufand seven hundred and sixty nine j and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament. Preamble, 1,664,8121. 4$. 5 d. iq. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year3. to be ifliied by the treasury accordingly. Treafury impowered to raise the said fum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund 3 and to strike tallies of loan, witn orders for repayment of the money fo advanced 3 and interest payable quai :rly. Orders to be registered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken3 on forfeiture of treble da* mages, with fun colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment 3 to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Weft min-' ftcr. No undue preference in the regiftering, where tallies or orders are brought the lame day j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, lo as money be reserved for the precedent orders. Power of affignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more advifeable, the treasury may raise tne said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans ; the bills in loch cafe to be made as those prefcrib-ed by the malt aft of this feffion. All advantages and penalties in the malt aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this aft: The said exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund, Bank authorized to lend the said fum, notwithstanding aft 5 Sc 6 Will. Sc Mary. The sum of 135,177 k 15 s. 6d. aq. surplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on 5 April 1769, to be applied for the service of the current year. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, East India agreement, and such other sums as shall be paid into the exchequer by 5 April 1770 $ duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic3 and 59,879k 8s. 5d. aq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1769 5 with the several sums before granted and fpecified; with the relidue of the sums arising by sale of the French prizes, and by sale of lands in the ceded islands 3 viz. out of the afbrefaid aids, 1,524,6681.

8 s. z d. towards naval services herein fpecified;.400,000k towards paying off the debt of the navy ; 177,947 1. 18 s. for the charge of the office of ordnance $ 43,812 k 198. to the said office, for services performed in 1768, not provided for. 1,358,056,1. 8 s. 11 d. aq. towards the land forces, and other services in general3 of which 602,673 k 15 s. 7CL for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Jerfey, and Guernfey; 367,835 k 18 s. 7 d. and one eighth part of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in the plan-tations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, &c. and provisions for the ' forces abroad 3 4,661. h 12 s. 7 d. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irifh eftablifhmeut, of troops in the Ifle ot Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded iflands3 12,2001. 18 s. 6 d. aq. for general and general staff officers5 127,020 k to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines 3 1,3311.13 s. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced 3 and to the superannuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards 3 4,763k 5 s. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced 3 1,480 k to the peniions of officers widows 3 107,3941.15 s. 10 d. to the out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital 3 128,692 1. as. 9 d. and seven eight parts of a penny extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for 3 513,5111. to discharge the civil lift debt. 1,800,000 k towards paying off exchequer bills iilued pursuant to an aft of the last session 3 16,500 k to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the address of the house of commons 3 3,000 k for a passage to the house of commons. 4,375 k 178. nd. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 3,086 k for the civil establishment of Georgia 3 4,750 k for the civil establishment of East Florida; 4,800 k for the civil establishment of Weft Florida 3 1,785 k 4 s. towards expence of general surveys in America $ 13,000 k for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of

21?

v

ai$  Anno  nono  Georgii  III  c.35.  [1768?

the African company; 5,5591. charges of the civil eftaMHhment of Sene, gambia ; 19,9671. to s. to the Foundling Hofpital $ and 5,600!. towards ,  apprenticing  children  from thence; 39x31!. 16s. to repay monies ad-

vanced by the governors in apprenticing such child out. 4*0001. towards erecting a magazine for gunpowder in Portsmouth harbour; 5,0001. to the Levant company j *,0001. for repairing and widening roads in Car* narvonthire. a,0001. to Charles Dingley for erecting a wind faw mill. See. 47,53 il. 18 s. 6 d. to replace to the (aid fund the like sum paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the aft of 31 Geo. s. 18,930!. 3 s.

' 4 d. 3 q. to replace to the sinking fund deficiencies paid thereout on annuities granted by aft 3 Geo. 3, 186,0431.1 s. 7 d. 3 q. to make good deficiency of the grants for 1768. The said aids to be applied to the uses on-1  ly before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-

pay. Aft 8 Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the fur-■ plus of the several Turns of 131,4311. appropriated in 1766 to the payment of reduced officers.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for difcontinuing, upon the exportation of iron imported in foreign Jhips, the drawback of fucb part of the duties payable thereon as exceeds the duties payable upon • iron imported in British ships  to prohibit the exportation

' of pig and bar iron., and certain naval Jlores, unless the pre-emption thereof be offered to the commifftoners of the nervy, to repeal fo much of an aft made in the fixtb year of Ins present Majesty's reign, as discontinued the drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported; for providing a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal Secretaries of ftate, for the advantages such. clerks enjoyed, before the commencement of an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing '  frauds  and abuses in relation to the fending and receiving

letters and packets free from the duty of poftage; and to explain and amend the said aft.

■preamble. TTyHEREAS the duties payable upon iron imported into Great VV Britain in foreign built ships navigated by foreigners, exceed the duties that are payable for such iron when imported in British built vessels navigated by British fubjefls } but the whole of such additional duty paid by the importers of iron in foreign built ships being drawn back and repaid upon the 'exportation thereof., is an encouragement to the importation of iron in foreign built ships navigated by foreigners, and may tend to the prejudice of the trade and navigation of this kingdom: tor remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-. sent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Drawback dir- That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven fomuebofthe hundred and fixtynine, such part of the duties which have been duties upon or (hall be paid upon iron imported in foreign built ships navi-exportation of gated by foreigners, as exceeds the duties which would have iron imported payable upon such iron, if the fame had been imported

1768.] Anno nono Georgii lit. c. 35.  219

in British built (hips navigated by Britijh fubjefts, (hall not be toms, as ex-drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of such iron from c.eeds the this kingdom; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not- imposed i™11 withftanding. '  ’  Bntifhfhip*,

II* And whereas by feverdl afls of parliament, pig and bar iron made in his Majejlfs colonies in America, may be imported direflly from thence, under certain reflrifliohs, into any port of Great Britain, duty-free; and for the better supply of his Majeflfs royal navy with naval ftores, various bounties or premiums are allowed upon the importation of mafts, yards, bowfprights, tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, and rough and undrejfed flax, into this kingdom: and whereas, the good purposes intended by those afls are in some mea-fure def eated by the re-exportation of such goods into foreign parts; and it is proper that further proviflon Jhould be made for the supply of naval floret for the public ufe: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the first day of June, Pig and bar one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the pre-emption or ir?n> and cer. refusal of all pig and bar iron, mafts, yards, bowfprights, tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undressed flax, and tow, bited to be " (hall be offered and tendered tp the commifGoners of his Maje- exported, fly’s navy, eight days before any such goods (hall be exported, unler! the pre-or entered for exportation, by way of merchandize to foreign offered^o the parts from the port of London, and twenty days before any such commissioners goods (hall be exported, or entered for exportation, by way of of the navyj merchandize to foreign parts from any other port or place in this kingdom; and if, within the laid times respectively after such tender, the (aid commiflianers of his Maieity's navy (hall not contract or bargain for the fame, the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall give a certificate of such ' tender and refusal under their hands (without fee or reward) to the owner or owners of such goods5 and upon his or their producing and delivering up such certificate to the collector and comptroller or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at any port of this kingdom, it (hall and may be lawful for such owner or owners pf such goods to export the fame from thence, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules and regulations, as they might have been lawfully exported if this aft had not been made.

Ilf. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- an<j if export-faid^ That if any pig or bar iron, mafts, yards, bowfprights, ed, or entered tar, pitch, turpentine, hemp, rough and undressed flax or tow, or laid on (hall, from and after the said first day ,of June, one thouftnd feven,hundred and sixty nine, be exported from this kingdom £Jfered, to foreign parts, or entered ofitwards, or laden an board any *

(hip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exported, or (hall be put on board any boat or veffel, in order to be fhipt for exportation by way of merchandize, without being first tendered to the com-miflioners of his Majesty’s navy, as before directed $ or before or b.e^re * their certificate of such tender and refusal (hall be produced and p*Sduccd%f delivered up to the proper officers of the customs at the port of foch tender exportation, such goode (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and and refufal,

VOL. XXVIII,  Q.  ^  the faint znay

220  Anno  nono  Georgii III. c. 35*  [1768#

be seized $ may be seized by any officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms5 and if | and,tbedone t*ic ^ai<* S°°^s (haN be exported before any discovery thereof,

S” exporter1 that they cannot be feized, in such cafe the owner or export-forfeitsthe er of such goods (hall forfeit the value thereof, to be estimated value. and computed according to the bed price that each article then bears at London; which penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and divided, in the fame manner and form, and by the fame rules ^nd regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the laws relative to the revenue of customs may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and divided.  '  I

Recital of IV. And whereas by an aft made in thefixth year of the reign of his ' daufe m aft present Majejiy, intituled, An aft for allowing a bounty on the continuing * exportation of British made cordage j and for difeontinuing the the drawback drawback upon foreign rough hemp exported; it is, amongst upon foreign other things, enabled. That the drawback, which by any aft or afts rough hemp 0j parliament is allowed and made payable upon the exportation of exporte i foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, /ball ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and whereas the allowing the said drawback, under certain rejlriftions, may encourage the importation of foreign rough hemp into this kingdom, for the better supply of his Majeftfs royal navy therewith: be it therefore enacted by the The recited authority arorefaid, That from and after the first day of June, cl-fere. one thou&nd seven hundred and sixty nine, the laid clause in *calcd# the before recited aft of the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, difeontinuing the said drawback upon the exportation of foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared'to be, repealed.

Recital of V. And whereas by an aft made in the fourth year of his present i clause in aft Majejlfs reign, for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the I touching the Mng an{ giving of letters ^ packets free from the duty of \ duties of Pylttge 5 the clerks tn the offices of bis Majestys principal secretaries poftage. of fate are deprived of the privileges of fending and receiving their < letters free from the duty of poftage, which had been uninterruptedly enjoyed ever fence the establishment of the post office; and that the privilege of franking news papers reserved to them by the said aft, is by the regulations therein contained rendered of very little advantage to them, and is likely soon to be intirely kft, by reason of the great expence they are put to for post letters, and from tie methods by which news papers are now dispersed into the country: as a recompense therefore for the loss of such privileges, and as a compensation for the advantages heretofore arising therefrom \ be it further enacted t^ool. per an. by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be and is hereby numtobepaid charged upon the revenues arising in the general letter office or venuesVf the P°^ office, dr office of post matter general, the sum of one general post thousand five hundred pounds per annum, which (hall be pav-office, to the able thereout to his Majesty’s principal secretaries of state for derks in the thc time being, in equal proportions, to be distributed by such ^ncipal feC respective secretaries of state among the clerks in their offices ; cretanes of ,, which said annual sum (hall be made in .quarterly payments, to ftate,  be computed from the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-

sand

x y6SJJ Anno nond Georgii HI. c. 35;  g2  j

fand seven hundred and sixty nine j and that the paymaster or « a corapen-r*eceiver of the revenues of the general letter office or post office, fat.^ the or office of post matter general for the time being, (hall, upon any warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal sign manual, them by the countersigned by any three or more of the commissioners of bis recited a&s. Majesty’s treafury, or by the lord high treasurer for the timeto 'being, make such quarterly payments to such person or persons payment as (nail be appointed by (uch secretaries of state for the time accordingly, • being, to receive their respective proportions of the said annual lum; such person or persons producing and delivering to such paymaster or receiver a receipt or receipts under the hands of such secretaries of ftate; and which receipt or receipts (hall-be. a full acquittance and discharge to such paymaster or receiver for the payment of the sum or sums mentioned therein.

VI.  And whereas by an aft made in the fourth year of his pre- ciaufe in the sent Mcfieftfs reign, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds and said aft re-abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and fpefting the packets free from the duty of poftage, it is provided, that no- time ofpri-thing therein contained Jhould extend ta charge'with the duty of poft- member* of age any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed news fending the papers, being sent without covert, or in covers open at the ftdes, votes of the which Jhould be Jigned on the outjide thereof by the hand of any mem- house of her of parliament^ in such manner as had been theretofore praftifed* ^^Tprinted cr which Jhould be dire sted to any member of parliament at any place news’papers, whereof he Jhould have given notice in writing to the postmaster gene- free or poft-ralj or to his deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin respectively 5 but that all aSc 1

fuch voles, proceedings, and news papers* fo sent and figned, or directed as aforefaid* Jhould be received free of the duty of postage • and whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the duration of the lime allowed by the said aft for the conveyance'of such votes, proceedings, and news papers, free from the duties of postage \ be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid* That it is the true intent and meaning of the said aft, that such • votes, proceedings, and news papers, fo sent and directed as aforesaid, (hould be conveyed free from the duty of postage during such times only as are allowed and limited in the preceding part or the said aft for the conveyance, free of poftage, pf letters and packets not exceeding the* weight of two ounces, The said time sent from or to any member of either of the two houses of par- *°thc jiament in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, in such manner  orar*

as in the said aft is particularly expreffed; that is to fay, During within todays the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days be- before or 40 fore or forty days after any summons or prorogation thereof. days aft***.

VII.  And whereas by a clause in an aft of the fifth year of his Qatlfc in present MajeJiy, intituled* An act to alter certain rates of poftage, 5 Geo. 3. ana to amend, explain, and enlarge, feyeral provisions in an aft respecting the made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne* and in post office, other afts relating to the revenue of the post office* the clerk of

the parliaments ana the clerk of the bouse of commons are impowered to fend and receive letters free of poftage: and whereat tty privilege of fending and receiving letters andpackets free from the duty of postage  %

dz  xis

Anno nono Georgii lit. c. 36,37.  [1768.

is not by the said aft extended to the clerk affiftant, and the reading clerk of the house of peers, and the clerk antftant of the house of commons of Great Britain, and the chief clerk without doors (who receives the fees and pays tfrem to the officers of the said houfe) re-fpeftivdy for the time being ; who by virtue of their respective offices and employments necejfarily fend and receive many Utters relating to the public concerns of these kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by The clerk the authority aforesaid, That from and after the palling of this affiftantand adt, the said clerk aiCftant and the said reading clerk of the Ffathlgh1C? ^oufe Pccrs > an(* •H® the c^erH  and  the  (aid chief

of peers j° and without doors of the house of commons of Great Britain the clerk af- for the time being, (hall and may respectively fend and receive fiftant and letters free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner and C^t5f CtC? under such restrictions as any member of either of the two of thehoufe” houses of parliament of Great Britain now fenrd and receive the of commons, fame, in pursuance of an adt made in the fourth year of the may fend and reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for preventing recttwe letters fraugs and abuses in relation to the fending and receiving of Utters u y cc* and packets free from the duty of poftage. -

cap. xxxvr.

An adt for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

Preamble. 400,0001. payable into the exchequer by the Ealft India company, and produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic\ and 59,8791*. 8 s. 5 d. xq. reserved in the exchequer for the difpolition of parliament, to be issued towards making good the supplies granted this ref-lion. 30,0001. out of such monies as lhall be paid into the exchequer between 4 April, 1769, and $ April, 1770, of the duties appropriated for the defence, &c. of the fintiih American colonies, to be applied in paying the troops there § 109,864!. 19 s. 4d. zq. winter stoppages unapplied, of the cavalry serving in Germany in the last war, and balance of flock purse $ with the balance of lord Chatham's account as paymaster general of the army $ and of Thomas Calcraft as paymaster of the widows pen-* lions, and money reserved in the office .or the paymaster general, of the army, to be applied in defraying the extraordinary expencesof the army, Ac. nof provided for.

cap. xxxyn.

An a8 for reviving several afts for preventing abuses in 1 making bricks and tiles j and for indemnifying jufiices of the pace, and others, who have acted under the said afis \ and for indemnifying ptrfons who have omitted to make and file affidavits and for allowing further time for paying duties omitted to be paid upon contrast with clerks and apprentices; for making forth duplicates of exchequer hills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed •, and for repay-,  ing  to Jofeph Glover and John Bill the duty by them paid

pna targo of wheat, and for allowing the fame to be landed

1768.] Anno nono Georgxi III. c. 37.  ‘  223

for home conjunction; and for preventing farifh poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin.

TI7* HEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have been found Preamble. W to be very useful and beneficial, and are expired: thay it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual arid temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an adt passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firft, in- so much of tituled. An act to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, a& i*Geo. x. and to ofcertain the dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city ^London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles; and fo much of an adt passed in the second ancj of ^ year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft *Geo.», to explain and amend an aft made in the twelfth year of his late Ma- n jejlys reign, intituled. An adt to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, apd to ascertain the dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price, of bricks or tiles; and also fo much of an adt passed in the third year of his said Majesty’s anfJ °f a& reign, intituled. An aft for amending the afts therein mentioned, relating to the making of bricks, as were in force and capable of on March, taking effect upon the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand 173s, seven huhdred and thirty two, {hall, from the twenty fifth day arc revived, of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be a«d further ' revived, and have Continuance from that time to the end of the c0lU[*lued next fefiionof parliament.  25 c‘17

II.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all anj perfong and every justice and justices of the peace, searcher and fearch- who have afters, and every other person or persons whomfoever, who (hall ed pursuant to have acted in any cafe pursuant to the directions of the said adts, the dirtftious or either of them, finofc the said twenty fifth day of March, one afts since the thousand seven hundred and thirty two, (hall be, and he and said 15 March, they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from 173?*

and against all trefpaffes, penalties, and forfeitures wbatfoever, are jndemni-which they or any of them (hall or may have incurred by rea- fae ' fon thereof.  *  ‘

III.  - And whereas divers persons may have omitted to cause affida- . x vits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of the aftuat execution

of contract of clerks to attornies and filicitors, within the times limited by law, and may be in danger of incurring certain disabilities by fitch omission 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Further time faid. That all and every person and persons who have omitted allowed to to cause such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed as afore- PerTons who faid, and who (hall on *or before the first day of Michaelmas to make and term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, cause one or gie affidavits fnofe affidavit or affidavits \' be made and filed, in such manner of the execu-

^2  a$ tion of con-

224  Anno  nono  Georgii III. c. 37.  £1768.

trafttofclerks as is direlftd by the laws in Jbeing, (hall be, and are hereby in- , demnified, freed, and difeharged, from and against all penalties, j an 0 icitors. forfe;tures> incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any aft or afts I of parliament mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred for or by j reason of any neglect or omission in causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made out and filed, in such manner as is required i by the laws in being; and such affidavit or affidavits fo to be j made out and filed as aforesaid, (hall be as effe&ual, to all in- i tents and purposes, as if the fame had been made and filed with- I in the respective times limited by the laws in being for that | purpose.

IV And* for the relief of any person or persons who* through neglect or inadvertency*have omitted to pay the several rates and duties* or an^ part thereof * upbn monies giveny paidy controlled* or agreed* fory withy or in relation to* any clerksy apprentices* or fervants* who have been put or placed to or with any majler or miftrefsy to learn any profejfton* trade* or employment* and to have such indentures* or ether writingSy which contain the covenantSy articlesy contrails* or agreements* relating to the ferviee of suchclerky apprentice, or fervent* Jlamped within the times by the several alls of parliament for those purposes respectively limited* or who have alfo, in Hie manner* emitted to insert and write, in words at length* in such indentures, or other writings, as aforesaid, the full sum or sums of money, or any part thereof* received* or in any wife directly or indirelfly given* paid* or agreed or controlled for* with* or in relation to* every fucb Further time cleri* apprentice* or fervant* as aforefaid* be it enabled. That allowed for upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies or such part duti^upon such monies fo neglected or omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, apprentice on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hun-fees, and hav. dred and sixty nine, to such person or persons to whom the ingthOnden- fame ought to be paid, and tendering the said indentures or pares tamp . wrjtjngS t0 fta0flpe(j at the fame time, or at any time on or befpre the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand ,  seven hundred and sixty nine (of which timely notice is to be

given in The London Gazette) the fame indentures or other writings (hall be good and available in law or equity, and may be giyen in evidence in any court whatfoever; and the clerks, ap-7  prentices, or fervants, therein named, (hall be capable of fol-

lowing and exercising their respective intended trade or employment, as fully as if the said rates and duties, fo omitted, had t>een duly paid, and the full sum or sums received or agreed for^ as aforesaid, had been inserted ; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omissions aforesaid, (hall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties; any thing in the said former aits to the contrary notwithftanding.  ,

V,  And whereas several bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, j several tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several orders and certificates made forth in lieu of the said lottery tickets, and likewise j for annuities of divers kinds* payable at or near the receipt' of his Majefiy'i exchequer; as also several receipts of the cajhters of the \ governor and company of the banb of England, orfome of them* for _ -  ‘ ■'*  “  •  *■  ■  1  ’  ‘  monies  ,

1768J Anno nono Georgii III. c.37;  .  &2g

monies contributed there for the pur chafe of annuities transferable in the books of the said governor and company, or for other monies payable there in purfance of aft s of parliament, have by casualty or mif-chance been loji, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed} which exchequer bills9 lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, of the respective denominations aforefaid^ were made forth by and in pursuance of several afts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes where Barons of the it ihall appear, by affidavit to be made before any or either of exchequer the barons of the exchequer for the time being (who (hall in- »®P°wered to terrogate the deponent thereupon) to the (atisfa&ion of such forex-j baron or barons, that any such exchequer bills, or any such chequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders^ or other orders as lottery tickets, aforesaid, before the first day of May9 one thousand seven hun- certificates, ^ dred and sixty nine, have been, are, or (hall be, loft, burnt, nuUyPorden^ or otherwise deftroyed, or that there be good reason to believe &c.ioft, burnt, the fame have been burnt, loft, or otherwise deftroyed, it (hall or otherwise and may be lawful for the refoe&ive officers and persons ap- deftroyed, fcc. pointed to issue or make forth such exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or discharge the fame, or to issue any monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from any or either of the said barons of such affidavit made before him or them (which affidavit the said barons, of any or either of them, is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and on security given to the said respective officers and persons to their good liking, to indemnify them respectively a-againft all other persons whatfoever, for or concerning the monies specified in or due upon such respective bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or an<* A® proorders; they the said persons respectively shall and are hereby ^ t^rcunon required to make forth duplicates of the said bills, tickets, cer- to ma)ce tificates, receipts, and orders, at the request of the respective duplicates of owners, and to pay, fatisfy, and difeharge, the fame, and all she said bills, such interest as is or (hall be due on any of them carrying inte- she mo-reft, or to make forth (lock or transferable annuities, in lieu of such receipts as he or they (hould have paid, fatisfied, or dif- curity being charged, or 1pade forth on the (aid original bills, tickets, cer- given by the fipates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the fame parties apply-had been produced, and (hall be allowed all such payments, JJ|fy sum or sums of money, in their respective accounts; and in all therein, cafes where the signing of the commiilioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for time r being* (hall be necessary for making the said duplicates, or any fi/nlbc^du-of them, effectual for the purposes aforesaid, it (hall and may pHcates, at * be lawful to and for the said commissioners of his Majesty’s require their treaffiry, or any three or more of tiiem, or the lord high trea- signing tQ surer for the time being, to sign such duplicate accordingly. Jtfeftu2d!m

' VI. And whereas by an aft ofparliament made in the eighth year C!aufe a& of his present Majtfifs reign, to continue several afts made in the % Geo. 3.

0.4  pre-

126  Anno  nono  Georgii  III. c; 37;  £1765.

preceding fejjion of parliament, the importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majejlfs colonies in America free of duty, wrfj */-lowed until thefirjl day of January, one thousandfeven hundred and ftxty nine: and whereas Jofeph Glover and John Bill of the city of Briftol, merchants, sent out a vessel upon the third day of Auguft, 'tone thousand seven hundred and ftxty eighty from the port of Briftol to Virginia for a lading of wheats in order to import the fame into this kingdom, under the proviftons of the said act: ana whereas from the hadnejs of the weather and contrary winds both on the out- j ward and homeward bound voyages, and the unavoidable delay for ■ • repairs in Virginia, the said vessel did not arrive at the port of , Briftol till the fourth day ^February laft: and whereas the cargo \ of the said veffel, conjjfting of about four thousand five hundred bufbels of wheats was fo much damaged in the voyage as to be unfit j for exportation $ and a deposit has been made at' the cufiom-boufe in Briftol of two hundred ana fifty five pounds on account of the duty \ upon the said wheat: and whereas the said cargo is in Jo perifbing a Jlate that the fame, or the greatest part thereof mufi be inevitably loft, if not permitted to be landed for home confumption: be it there- ! Jofeph Glover fore further enatfted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall 1 and John Bill and may be lawful for commissioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or | depofit- ot^eir ProPer officer or officers, and they,are hereby authorized ed°as the duty an(* required to repay to the said Jofeph Glover and John Bill,  1

upon the car- or their affigns, the said sum of two hundred arid fifty five go of wheat pounds fo deposited as aforesaid $ and that it (hall and may be j them^rom^  ^or  them the kid J°fepb Glover and John Bill) or their |

America ™ • agent or agents, to land the said cargo of wheat, confiding of j ’ about four thousand five hundred buihels, without the payment I and the wheat of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or imposition whatfoever, in the to be landed fame manner to all intents and purposes as they might have done had the said vessel and cargo arrived before the expiration of the said a<ft.  ,1

VII.  And be it further enaded, That if any churchwarden or overseer of any parifh, townfhip, or place, or other person authorized or intruded by them, or'any of them, to make payments to or for th’e use of the poor within such parifh, townfhip, or place refpedively, (hall wilfully and knowingly, at any time from and after the twenty fourth'day of June next, for the use of make any such payments in any base or counterfeit money, or xnalungthe *n any ot^er than lawful money of Great Britain; that then, fame, in any upon complaint thereof made to any justice of the peace of the other than county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein such payment (hall lawful money, fD ma(je as aforesaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such juftice, and he is hereby required, to summon the churchwarden, overfeer, or other person charged with such offence, and in a summary way, upon his or their non-appearance or con-feffion, or u£oft proof of such offence upon oath of one or more ’ forfeit not less credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice is here-than ios. nor by authorized to adminifter) to adjudge the party fo offending a^s^for every to fo^t an<l pay for each offence a sum not less than ten (hil-fuch offence j lings, nor more than twenty (hillings $ and to levy the fame by

diftrefs

duty free.

Churchwardens, oversee rs, or others* intruded to make payments to or

i?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38.  227

diftrefs and sale of the goods and chatties of such offender ;'ren-dering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deduced ; which sum (hall be ap* to be applied plied for the use of any poor person or persons of such parifh, to the uie of township or place refpe&ively, in such manner as the justice of any °f peace, who shall adjudge such forfeiture, shall direct or appoint. “e

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for further encouraging the growth and culture of raw silk in his Mdjefty’s colonies or plantations in America.

WHEREAS the giving further encouragement to the growth Preamble.

and culture of raw silk in his Mojefiy's colonies and plantations in America, will be a great advantage to the trade of the said colo-nies, and tend to the further improvement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-xnent aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from Premiums aland after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred !owed on.thc and feventy, all and every person or persons who shall import Int^the^rt or cause to be imported into the port of London, directly from 0f London, the British colonies or plantations in America, in any ship or of raw silk of veflel, (hips or veflels, that may lawfully trade to his ^a-^c|r?^h °f jefty’s plantations, manned as by law is. required, any raw of the growth or'produfl of the said colonies or plantations, ^ h shall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for such importation, the following sums (that is to fay) For every hundred viz. *51. for pounds value of such raw filk, to be ascertained as is herein ey*ry100 !• after mentioned, the sum of twenty five pounds, and foin pro-portion for any quantity of greater or lesser value, from the first froVn % jan. day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, to the 1770, to 1 Jan* first day of January, one thousand seven hundred ana seventy >777 1 feven; for every hundred pounds value of such raw. filk, the201, for like sum of twenty pounds, and fo in proportion for any quantity value import-of greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day ofed^r^om, Ja0« January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy feven, to the  ******

firft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty * four; and for every hundred pounds value of such raw filk, the 15I. for like sum of fifteen pounds, and fo in proportion for any quantity ofvak»e import-greater or lesser value, from and after the said first day of Janu- |an 1 to ary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, to the first ,  .

'day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one ;  *

under luch regulations as are herein after mentioned : to be to be paid out paid upon demand to the importer of such raw silk by the re-ofthecuftoms. Reiver general of the cuftoms, the collector or other proper officer of the port of London, out of the cuftoms.

II. Provided always, and be it further cnaded by theautho- But oath is tQ rity aforefaid. That in order to intitle the importer and^ im-porters of ray silk to the premium granted by this aft, every clearing *  mer-out  ofthevef-

228

fel, that the silk (hipped is of the growth and

colonies s

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 38.  [1768.

merchant or other person or persons whatsoever who (hall, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, load any raw silk on board any (hip or vessel in any culture of one of the British colonies or plantations in America, (hall, before of the Britiih the clearing out of the (hip or vessel from thence, make proof on oath before the collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer at the port or place where such raw (ilk (hall be put '  on board, or any t*o of them, that the raw silk which he, ftie,

or they, hath or have (hipped on board such (hip or veflel, (exprefling the quantity thereof) is bona fide of the growth and culture of some or one of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America, and specifying the colony or colonies, plantation or plantations refpeclively, of which it is the growth; which oath the said collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby required and impowered and accrtifi- to administer without fee or reward; and the .matter, com-marltt num- man(kr, or other perfon, taking charge of the (hip or veflel, ber, tale, and on board which such raw silk (hall be loaded, (hall also bring weight, of with him a certificate or certificates from such collector and each bale, comptroller of the customs and naval officer, or any two of them as aforesaid under their hands and seals of office (which certificate or certificates such collector and comptroller of the customs and naval officer, are hereby required and directed to grant without fee or reward) expressing the marks, number, tale, and weight, of the raw silk in each bale, parcel, or other package whatfoever, fo (hipped or loaded on board such (hip or veflel; with the name or names, place or places of abode, of exportcrsland the exporter or exporters thereof from the said British colonies persons who or plantations in America, and the name or names; place or lhall have places of abode, of fu,ch other person or persons who (hall have afwefSV and ^worn the goods therein mentioned to have been of the growth to whom’fuch and culture of the said British colonies or plantations in Ameri~ silk consigned ca> and the name or names of the person or persons to whom in London, is the fame are consigned in the port of London; which certificate over\br°heght or cert,hcates the matter, commander, or other perfon, mafterof the taking charge of such (hip or veflel, (half, on his arrival in the veflel, said port of London, deliver to the ’collector, comptroller, or and delivered other chief officer of his Majesty’s customs at the said port at tffitbepif>5hr or before the entry of the said raw filk; and at the fame time cuftoms* in ° fl*aH make oath before any one of them the said collector, London be- comptroller, or chief officer of his Majeftv’s customs (who are fore entry hereby required and impowered to administer the fame without -deof such fee or reward) that the said bales and parcels, and goods coja-and he is also tained in such certificate, are the fame bales and parcels, and tofwear to goods, as were taken on board in the said British colonies or the identity of plantations in America.

fuch filk. HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, aool. penalty That if any person or persons (hall, from and after the said first foref^raw ^ay  7dnuary, one thousand seven hundred and feveoty, make,

filk/under the or cause to be made, an entry or entries of any foreign raw silk denomination undo: the name or 4cfcriptipa of raw silk of the growth nr culture

with the names and places of a -bode of the

1768.] Anna nono Georgii III. c. 38.  229

ture of any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America5 of that of the or (hall mix, or cause to be mixed, any foreign raw silk with Ame-raw silk of the growth or culture of the Britijh colonies or plan- o^mixh^any rations in America, with intent to receive any premium or boun- fUch there- 7 ty by this aft granted; every person or persons fo making, or with, in order causing to be made, such entry or entries, or mixing, or causing to receive the such mixture or mixtures to be made, lhall forfeit and lose the bounty1 sum of two hundred pounds for every such offence; and all such foreign raw filk, and in cafe of any mixture, the quantity together with lb mixed both of foreign and Britijh plantation culture orf^kjtweof growth, or the value thereof, together with the bales or other the goods, &c« packages containing the fame, lhall be forfeited; and (hall and may be seized and profecuted, or the value thereof be sued for, by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, as herein after mentioned.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. The bales to That on the importation of any raw silk into the port of London be opened by from his Majesty’s plantations in America, under the regulations aforementioned, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the com- in order to* miflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or their officers, and they ascertain the are hereby required to examine the said raw filk, by opening values each bale or package, and (hifting the fame in such manner as

to fee the whole contents; and to fix and afcertain, according to the best of their judgement and difcretion, the true and real value thereof, according , to the price raw silk then bears at market.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, A certificate That when the said valuation (hall have been fo made by the °/tbc valua-commiffioners of the cuftoms, or their officers (which they are biTthe hereby required to do within the space of ten days after the pfopcr officer, landing of such raw filk) a certificate of such valuation (hall »be *nd ^uced signed by the proper officer; upon producing which certificate f” order to * to the receiver general of the cuftoms, colleftor, or other pro- obtain pay-per officer of the port of London, such officer (hall be and is ment of the hereby required forthwith to pay the premium, by this aft di- Premlum. refted, to the importer or owner of such raw filk.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Where there thorrty aforefaid. That in cafe any dispute or difference (hall (hall be any strife between the commissioners of the cuftoms, or their officers, depute about and the importer or owner of such raw filk, touching the va-thc valuatlon* luation thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, and they are hereby required to call two or more per-JjJr®orm°re fons well (killed in that commodity, who (hall declare upon ^b^cs5led0n# oath, if thereunto required, their opinion as to the real and in, and give true value of such raw filk, according to the price it would then their opinion bear at market; which valuation or award of the said two per- uP°n °ath * fons (hall be final 5 and the person intitled to such premium or^arj ?r bounty, (hall receive the fame according to such valuation, to made final, be certified as aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. The premium That if any raw silk of the growth or produft; of his Majesty’s « to be repaid

'  •  *  t  ^plonies  °.n

tion,

230

over and a-bove the duty;

on forfeiture of filch filk, and double the value, in cafe of fraudulent exportation.

In disputes about the growth of Silt fo to be exported, the proof is to lie on the owner, &c.

aoo 1. penalty of making a false certificate, or false oath;

or counterfeiting any certificate ;

and, if an officer, forfeiture of his place alfo, &c.

Recovery of the penalties and forfeitures.

and application thereof.

Anno nono Georgii III. c.38.  £1768,

colonies or plantations in America (hall be exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such cafe, the. persons exporting the fame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs of the port where the fame (hall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is allowed as a premium by this aft on all such raw silk as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any former aft of parliament.

VIII.  Ana be it further enacted by the authority aforefaicf. That if any perfon, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee oraffigns, (hall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, such raw iilk, without paying such premium to the chief officer or collector of the cuftoms, as aforesaid ; such person and persons (hall forfeit and lose all such raw filk, and double the value thereof.

IX.  Provided always. That if any doubt or dispute (hall a rife whether the raw filk, or any part thereof, fo to be exported, is of the growth or produce of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or produce, the onus pro-bandi (hall lie on the owner thereof, or the person claiming the Jbounty, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, cu-ftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That | if any collector or comptroller of the cuftoms, or naval officer, (hall make any false certificate; or if any merchant, trader, 1 faftor, or other perfon, (hall make any false oath with regard to I the growth of such raw silk ; or if any matter or commander of ; any (hip or vefiel (hail make any false oath concerning the certificate or package of such raw (ilk ; or if any person or persons (hall counterfeit any such certificate as is herein before di- I rested to be made, in order to obtain any premium hereby granted ; all and every such person and perfons, fo offending in any j of the cafes aforesaid, (hall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any such perfon, fo offending, (hall be a col- | leftor, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the cuftoms, he (hall also forfeit and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the several penalties and forfeitures by this aft inflifted, (hall and may be profecuted, determined, and recovered, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminfier, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty’s plantations in America refpeftively, where such penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred ; wherein no efifoin, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this aft imposed (hall, if incurred in Great Britain* be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as (hall sue for the fame$ and all such penalties and forfeitures as (hall be incurred in his Majesty’s

plati-

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 39.  *31

plantations in America /hall be applied, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, one third part to the use of the governor of the plantation where the forfeiture (hall be incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as (hall sue for the fame.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, limitation pf That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced against any per- actions, fon or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this aft, every such action or fuit, if in Great Britain, (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the faft committed r and if in the British colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months next^ after the faft committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and Qeneral iffuai the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon* and that the fame wasdone in pursuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or discontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and Treble have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An all to permit the free importation of certain raw bides and Jkins from Ireland and the Britifti plantations in America, for a limited time; and for taking off the duties upon feal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting another duty in lieu thereof \ for indemnifying all persons with refpeH to advijing or executing any of bis Majesty's orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw bides, horns, and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importation of such bides, horns% and hoofs, for the future.

WHEREAS the allowingfor a limited time9 the free im- Preamble* portation of certain species of raw hides and Jkins from Ireland and the Britifti colonies or plantations in America, and the reduction of the duties upon feal Jkins tanned or tawed in this king-dom9 may tend to the ease of the public, by reducing the price and encouraging the manufacture of leather in this kingdom ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ajllembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of June, Rawhidesand one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, no fubfidy, euftom, (kins (thofeof duty, or other imposition whatfoever, (hall be demanded, col-h^fes exc«P^ Jefted, received* or taken, for or upon any raw or undressed ^ imported0

hides duty. free

23*  Anno nono Georgii IIL  {tj68.*

from Ireland, hides of fteers, cows, or any other cattle of what kind soever ebonies i*n  ^or^es> mares or geldings); nor for or upon any

America,for ca*vc ^,ns or goat (kins, raw or undrefied, which (hall be itn-the term of ported into this kingdom from Ireland, or any of the British co-5 jcars ; ionics or plantations in America* for the space of five years from the said first day of June* or at any time thereafter before the j '.  end of the then next fefiion of parliament j any aft or ads of

parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.  1

fo at entry be H* Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the made thereof authority aforefaid. That due entry (hall be made of all such at the port of hides and (kins, at the cufiom-houfe belonging to the port into im^°hta r°n>  the  ^amc AwM he imported, in such manner and form as j

be landed ?n were anc* Pra&if©d before tne making of this ad; and such tb* pr*f*nce hides and (kins (hall be landed in the presence of the proper of an officer 5 officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpose ; otherwise they and if any person or perfons, upon the importation of such are liable to hides or (kins, (hall not observe and perform the said rules and pay doty. regulations herein before mentioned, every fuch* person (hall be liable to and pay such and the fame duties as such hides and (kins would have been subject and liable to if this a d had not | been made; any thing herein, contained to the contrary not* j withftanding.  *'

The former III. And be it further enaddd by the authority aforesaid, duties upon That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven ! feal fktns hundred and sixty nine, the rates ana duties payable by virtue tawed iiTthis anY former ad or ads of parliament upon feal (kins tanned kingdom are or tawed within this kingdom, (hall ceafe, determine, and be repealed s no longer paid or payable.

and in lieu IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, l thereof i d.# That from and after the said first day of June, in lieu of the . to^e^aid  ^ duties by this ad repealed, as aforesaid, there (hall be raifed,

p  colleded, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty,

his heirs, and fuccefiors, for and upon all feal (kins which (hall be tanned or tawed within this kingdom, a rate or duty of one penny halfpenny per pound weight, averdupoia^ of such feal (kins; and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

V.  And* for the better afcertaining, charging, collecting* raijing* levying* and fecuring* the said rate or duty by this aft impofed, and preventing frauds therein, be it further enacted by the authority the raid duty aforefaid* That the rate or duty by this ad made'payable upon to be under fcaj (kins tanned or tawed in England* Wales* or the town of and manage- Berwick upon Tweed* (hall be under the receipt and management mentof the of the commissioners and officers of his Majesty’s revenues of commissioners excise in England for the time being; and the rate or duty by and officers of this ad made payable upon feal (kins tanned or tawed in Scot-excife j janj^ (hall be under the receipt and management of the com* miflioners of excise m Scotland for the time being, end to be VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raifcjl* That the rate and duty by this ad imposed or chargeable for Ac. taalTre- an<* uPon foal aforesaid, (hall 2nd may. from time to time fpc$,t ' * fee afeertained, raifed, received, levied, recovered, andfecured,

3  by

1768.3 Anno nono Georgii ill. c. 39.  233

by such ways, means, and methods,v and by the fame or different damps and marks, and under such pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the said duty, and adjudging and mitigating the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, and other powers^ and to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the respective duties upon hides and fkins, and pieces as the duties of hides and Jkins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, grant- upon hides ed by an adt made in the ninth year of the reign of her late ma- ^n8» jefty Queen Ann*, intitufed. An aft for laying certain duties upon 9 bides and fkins, tanned, tawed, or dreffed, and upon vellum and parchment, for thl term of thirty two years, for projecting the war, and other her Majejlfs moll necejjary occafms, are by that adt, or any law of ftatgte thereby referred unto, or by any law or lia-tute relating to.the duties of excise upon hides and (kins, preferred, ^appointed, or enadted, to be afeertained, raifed, received, levied, fecured, or recovered; and that the adt last mentioned, and all the claufes, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, diredtions, matters, and things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or contained in any other law or statute relating to the duties upon hides and fkins, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, or accounting for, the duties thereby granted or therein mentioned, or any arrearages of the fame, or any way relating to the fame duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by such adt or adis chargeable, be applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, and accounting for, the duty upon feal skins by this adt granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and efiedtually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this prelent adt.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That all monies arising by and in respect of the rate and duty paid into the hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of railing cxche<tuer 5 and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time

be paid into the receipt of his. Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlmin-Jler, separate and apart from all other branches of the public revenue; and are hereby appropriated, and (hall be issued and applied to the fame uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations^ as the monies ariffng by the rates and and to be ap-duties hereby repealed are, by any law or laws now in being, P,ied as the • appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied. former duties,

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Drawback of That a drawback of one penny per pound weight averdupois I(J. per pound lhall, from and after the said first day of June, be allowed upon ^ expo^a-^

. the exportation of feal (kins tanned cr tawed in this kingdom, tjon Gf such in lieu of any other drawback ; and the said (kins (hall be ex- tanned or ported, and the said drawback allowed and paid, in such and tawed feal the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and reffric-tions, as any other hides and (kins are exported, and the drawback thereupon is allowed and paid,

IX. And

334

Perfons indemnified

ders of coun« cil, prohibit* ing the importation of

formed In obedience thereto.

Anno nono Georgii III. C.39.' f x 768.

IX.  And whereas his Mojejly, by certain orders in council to prevent the contagious distemper which raged amongst the horned cattle, in several foreign parts ^Europe, being brought into the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland by the importation of hides, horns, and hoofs, of such inf elfed cattle, was pleased to' order that the utmost care Jhould be taken not to permit any entry to pe pajfed for the hides of horned cattle, either raw or falted, or horns and hoofs which were or might be imported into any of the ports of Great Britain or Ireland, until his Majesty's pleajure Jhould. be further ftgnified; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all personal r At a<^lons and indiftments, informations, and all profecu-ad^fin/or0 t*ons anc* Proceedings whatfoever, which have been or (hall be executing his prosecuted or commenced against any person or perfons, for or Majesty’s or- by reason of any aft, matter or thing advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the premises ; or of any con-traft or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience

x________ to, such order of council, be, are, and (hall be, discharged and

raw hides, &c. made void by virtue of this aft; and that if any action or fuit of infected  ihall be commenced or prosecuted in that part or Great Britain

oHor con-  ca^e4 England* against any person or persons for any such aft,

trafts notper- matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, bt such contraft or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any General iflue. a<ftjon or fuit fo to be commenced or prosecuted (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, or if judgement (hall be given upon any.verdift or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Double colts, (hall and may recover double cofts, and shall have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have jn other cafes by law: and if any such action or fuit as aforesaid (hall be commenced or pfofecuted in that part of Great Bri~ * tain called Scotland, or in the kingdom of Ireland, the respective court before whom such action or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted, (hall allow to the defender the benefit of the dif-charge and indemnity hereby provided, and (hall further allow to him his double costs of fuit in all such cafes as aforefaid.

His Majesty X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-impowered'by fa id. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s proclamation most excellent majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, from time to time, as often as he or they (hall find it necessary fo to do, by his or their royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in _ . council, to be publi(hed in the London Gazette; to prohibit ge-hides or (kins. n^ily, or from any particular country or countries, the importation of any hides or (kins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beaft, into the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, for such tithe or times to be therein mentioned, and under such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, by the advice aforesaid, (hall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious distemper from

being

or order in council, to prohibit the importation of foreign

1758.] , Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40.  333

being brought into these kingdoms ; any law, cuftom, or uiage, to the contrary not with (landing.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any action (hall at any time be brought against any per-

fon for any matter or thing which he or (he (hall do, or caufe

to be done, by virtue or in execution of this adt, in every such

cafe the defendant or defendants in every such action may plead

the general iiTue, and give this adt and the special matter in evi- General ifTue,

dence on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in such action ;

and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action (hall dif-

continue such adtion, or become nonfuit, or if judgement (hall

be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs in such adtion,. the

defendant or defendants in every such action (hall recover his,

her, or their, treble costs of fuit.  Treble cods.

' CAP. XL.

An att far defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, far one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand femen hundred and sixty nine.

"t T THEREAS it is necejfery that provifton Jbould be made for Preamble.

W defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, far one year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousandfeven hundred and sixty nine; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with.the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or (hall be railed, the receiver wheretbem!-or receivers general of the land tax of such county, riding or Utia i, or {hall place refpedtively, (hall iiTue and pay the whole sums required, benifed, the in the manner, and for the several uses herein after-mentioned.; receiver gene-that is to fay, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each ad- jffue /months jutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one pay in ad-(hilling for each ferjeant, with the addition of two (hillings and yance, accord-fix pence a week for each (er)eant major, where a serjeant ma- ^abHIhment jor is appointed; and at the rate of fix pence a day for each0f pay i,ere drummer, with the addition of fix pence a day for each drum let,down; major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of fix pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant company of militia; one penny whereof (hall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion. Or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and also for half a year’s salary for the clerk of each regiment or with, half a battalion of militia belonging to such county; riding, or place, year's salary at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also tor the respective al-10 th* VoL.XXVIIi:  R  j^.mentaiaad

930  Anno  nono  ueorgii m. c.40.  ^1700;

battalion lowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the urithc jQjo^feveral (iib-divifion meetings, at the rates following; that is to ’fay, to the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks, of the fubdivifiofr meetings, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each leijeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound tor each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with refpedfc to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay (hall be issued until his Majefly's lieutenant, or, in his abfence, or in cafe of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's

ance to the clerks of the general and lubdivifion meetings; and pay for cloathing of She militia*

The above flams arc not to be pud* If pay has not before been

receivers general the w-rolment of % fifths of the men and officers.

iflued, till the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, lord lieute- riding, or place, (hall have certified to,the commissioners of his ties (hail h\ve" Majeftv's treafury, and the receiver general of the land tax, that certified to.the three nfths of the number of private militia men of such county, treasury and riding, or place, have been.inrolled, and that three fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accepted their com* millions, and entered their qualifications as by law required*

III.  And be it enadfod, That all such sums of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as (hall be due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except The money is such as (hall be due on account of cloathing, (hall, where the to be paid by militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said receiver or the receiver- receivers general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerkof^he * c^er^s °f the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such regiment or county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or battalion (ex-their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under ceptthe allow- the hand and feal of his Majefly's lieutenant for such respective clerks of the c?unty» riding, or place; and where the militia has been em-meetiogsand bodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments for.cloathing) or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant upon produc- or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and rant of h^' k** t*lc co^one^ or» w^ere there is no colonel, of the com-appointment; *nanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpeftivelv, not-withftanding such militia (hall have been difembodiea; and and for inde- where the militia (hall be formed into an independant com* pendant com- pany, or independant companies, ftfch sums as aforesaid (hall refoc&ive can- Pa^ by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, tains, or to P"into the hands of the respective captain of each independant their order; company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain (hall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company or independant companies, (hall have been appointed to conlift, according to the edabli(hment laid down in an a6t paired in the second year of the reign of his prqfent Majelly, intituled.

according to the eftabfifh-

ment laid

1768.]  Anno  nono  Georgii III. c.40.  237

tituled. An off to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parlia- down lXip^\ ment9 the fever allows now in being, relating to the racing ana train-  r* ot

ing the militia within that part of Great Britain called England $  '3’

and such receiver or receivers general of the land tax (haJl alfo, A second pay* within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar mentis alio to ihonth from the time of the said first payment, make a second ** payment for four calendar months in advance; and (hall alfo, aft€3r the first s within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar and a third months from the time of the said second payment, make a third within three payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and months after contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the the fecond. regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such clerk or Receipts of the clerks, and of such captain of an independant company, or cap- pchrfonshto tains of independant companies, or ot such person or persons as ney ftaV b? fo such captain or captains (hall fo authorize to receive such money paid discharge as aforesaid, (hall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or re- the receivers ceivers general of the land tax for the several sums of money fo general, by him or them paid.

IV.  And be it enabled. That the clerk of each regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums tal and batta-of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendarBoncI^rk*?re' month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or bat- yanwone talion refpeftively; and to the captain or officer commanding months pay each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two to the adju-months pay in advance for the serjeants and drummers 5 and al-tznt * and * fo to the officer commanding the company to which the feijeant l^each^ap-major and drum major (hall belong, two months pay in advance lain, for the for such serjeant and drum major; and fo from time to time fo serjeants and long as any money on that account (hall remain in his hands: drummers % which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby jHJ? ^ required to diftibute to each person belonging to his company, jor and dram-by this aft mtitled to receive the fame, as it (hall become due; major; to be and the captain of each independant company is hereby re4uir- P^dt0 the ed to distribute to each person belonging to his company intitled offi£Sof the thereto, such money as he (h^U receive for pay of his company company to by virtue of this aft ; and such captain or officer commanding which they (hall, once in every year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or belong: battalion to which Rich company (hall belong, or, if captain °f SSb^the * an independant company, to the receiver general, on account aCcord~ of the several payments he (hall hayfc made in pursuance of this ingiy 5 and

aft, according to the following form:  account for

the fame yearly to the clerk, or receiver-general if an independant company, according to the following form |

Anno nono Georgii IIL c. 40;  [1768.

County of

Dr.

Fir Contra

Cr.

To cash received of Mr.

regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the cafe flail be, for two months pay in advance -

I

Paid serjeant ' for days pay from the of to the , following ■ ■—

Ditto as serjeant major (if] one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of following —

Paid drummer days at fix pence, from i the of ' to the ! of following ■■ ■

Ditto as drum mafcr (if j one in the company)

Paid drummer days from the of to the of following

and pay back And (hall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, the surplus as the cafe (hall be, the furplu^ (if any) of the money by himi ^nds.S m fr°m time to time received, and then remaining in his hands. The clerks V. And be it enabled, That the clerk of each regiment or are likewise to battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be if-pay out of the sued and. paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of ‘ a,J?wed each regiment or battalion, (hall yearly and every year, pay to expence^fd?1 t*ie c°l°ncl or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, permanfor* one penny a month for each private man and drummer,for de-hofpital fraying the hospital expences of each respective company of such charges j regiment or battalion during the time of the mens being absent from home, upon account of their annual exercife; and (hall, andj£e-fums from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money as may the repair of nece^ary f°r the repair of arms, and the carriage and remo-arms. and val thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel or carriage there- officer commanding such regiment or battalion j and apply, dif-pofe of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the general Refidue to be use and benefit of each such respective regiment or battalion, in applied for the fuch. manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or the IvTment^&c Srcater Part °f them, (hall diredt; and (hall yearly and eveiy asThelseid ofl year toake up an account of all such money, and the expend!-ficers and cap- ture thereof, and deliver the fame to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed ; which account fo allowed and signed (hall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

. VI. And be it enadted, That the money hereby directed to be ^for^continl issued for the contingent expences of each independant compa-gent expences ny of militia, (hall be, in like manner, applied to the particular of indepen- uie of such respective independant company by the captain there-dant compa- * ancj (hall yearly, and every year, be in like manner account*

4

tains shall dirt dl.

Account of the said sums to be made up yearly, See.

i?68.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 40.  239

cd for to the receiver general of the land tax of the county or to be ap-place to which such independant ^company (hall belong 5 whose Jc^untcdfor allowance of such account (hall in like manner be the proper thc cap. voucher for the expenditure and difpofkion thereof.  tuns.

VIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commanding That the officer cOmmanding.every regiment, battalion, or in- officers,to dependant company of militia, which (hall be raised and trained tranfmittothe pursuant to the laws now in force, (hall, and they are hereby re- exchequerthC fpedtively required, from time to time, within thirty days after ex r the exercising of every such regiment, battalion, or independant company (hall be finifhed, pursuant to the diredtidn of the laws now in being in that refpedt, transmit to the auditor of his Ma-jefty’s court of Exchequer a compleat return, signed by such offi- Returns of the cer commanding, of the several officers, non-commiflioned offi- officers and ccrs, and .private men, who Were actually inrolled, and did serve l£j*atc m®n in every such regiment, battalion, or inaependant company, at jfcrvlng at the the time the fame were fo exercised as aforesaid, in like manner annual exer-and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty’s prin- cife. cipal secretaries of ft ate.

VIII.  And be it enacted, That the said regimental or batta- Clerk to retain lion clerk may and (hall retain to his own ufc, out of the mo- J!“0”jcY “ {?!* ney fo by him recovered, such further sums as (hall complete JyJL w the allowance herein before made for his falary.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That whenever his Majesty’s When the Id. lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any coun- l>«uts, or-defy, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercise for the have*fixed the militia, he or they (hall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to days of exer- • the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, specifying die,

the number of men, and the number of days such men are to they are to be absent from home on account of such exercife; and such re-ceiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after the receiver gene-* receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the fe- ral, specifying veral regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven (hillings and the number of fix pence per day for the captain of each company, and at the a”jj rate of three (hillings and fix pence per day for each lieutenant, absent from and of three (hillings per day for each ensign ; and also at the home, rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia man, with Receiver ge-the addition of fix pence per day for each corporal of the mili- n*ral to ,fluc tia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days such foroffiJeraanS officers and men (hall be absent from home on account of such men to the exercife; and in such counties where there (hall be independant regimental companies only, the receiver general of each such respective c,ei*>&c-county (hall issue and pav to the captains of the independant Where there companies, at the rate of seven (hillings and fix pence pe* day ffiall be inde-for each captain, three (hillings and fix pence per day for each lieutenant, and three (hillings per day for each ensign ; and al- receiver fo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia man, general is to with the addition of fix pence per day for each corporal of the,ffue Pay militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days such officers and men (hall be absent from home on account of ij,e rate here such exercise $ and the said regimental or battalion clerks are fet down.

R 3  here-

230

over and a* bove the duty:

on forfeiture of such filk, and double the value, in cafe of fraudulent exportation*

In disputes about the growth of Sllc fo to be exported, the proof is to lie on the owner, &c.

aoo 1. penalty of making a false certificate, or false oath;

or counterfeiting any certificate ;

and, if an officer, forfeiture of his place alfo. See,

Recovery of the penalties and forfeitures.

and application thereof.

Anno ndno Georgii 111. c.38.  [1768.

colonies or plantations in America (hall be exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such cafe, the>perfons exporting the fame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the cuftbms of the port where the fame (hall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is allowed as a premium by this adt on all such raw silk as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any former adt of parliament.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee oraffigns, (hall be found fraudulently to export or load onboard any (hip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exported, such raw filk, without paying such premium to the chief officer or colledtor of the cuftoms, as aforesaid ; such person and persons (hall for-feit and iofe all such raw (ilk, and doubly the value thereof.

IX.  Provided always. That if any doubt or dispute (hall arise whether the raw filk, or any part thereof, fo to be exported, is of the growth or produce of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, or of foreign growth or produce, the onus pro-bandi (hall lie on the owner thereof, or the person claiming the .bounty, and not on the informer or profecutor; any law, cu-ftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any colledtor or comptroller of the cuftoms, or naval officer, (hall make any false certificate; or if any merohant, trader, fadtor, or other perfon, (hall make any false oath with regard to the growth of such raw (ilk ; or if any master or commander of any (hip or vessel (hall make any false oath concerning the certificate or package of such raw silk ; or if any person or persons (hall counterfeit any such certificate as is herein before directed to be made, in order to obtain any premium hereby granted ; all and every such person and perfons, fo offending in any of the cafes aforesaid, (hall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any such perfon, fo offending, (hall be a collector, comptroller, or naval officer, or any other officer of the cuftoms, he (hall also forfeit and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the several penalties and forfeitures by this adt inflicted, (hall and may be profecuted, determined, and recovered, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty’s plantations in America refpedtively, where such penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred ; wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

All; And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this adt imposed (hall, if incurred in Great Britain* be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as (hall sue for the fame; and all such penalties and forfeitures as (hall be incurred in his Majesty’s

P^n-

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. C. 39.  231

plantations in America (hall be applied, one third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, one third part to the use of the governor of the plantation where the forfeiture (hall be incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as (hall sue for the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation 9F That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced against any per- adions. fon or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this ad, every such action or fuit, if in Great Britain, (hall be commenced ■within fix calendar months next after the fad committed r and if in the British colonies or plantations in America, within  ^

eighteen calendar months next* after the fa d committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and General UTu^ the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wasdone in pursuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and Treble co&fi have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aSt to permit the free importation of certain raw bides and Jkins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, for a limited time % and for taking off the duties upon feal Jkins tanned or tawed in this kingdom, and for granting another duty in lieu thereof 5 for indemnifying all persons with respect po advising or executing any of his Majeftfs orders of council prohibiting the importation of raw hides, horns ^ and hoofs, of infected cattle; and to authorize the prohibition of the importation of such hides% horns, and hoofs, for the future.

WHEREAS the allowingfor a limited time, the free im- Preamble, portation of certain species of raw hides and Jkins from Ireland and the British colonies or plantations \n America, and the reduction of the duties upon feal Jkins tanned or tawed in this king-dom* may tend to the ease of the public, by reducing the price and encouraging the manufacture of leather in this kingdom 5 be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of June^ Rawhidesand one thousand feveo hundred and sixty nine, no fubfidy, cuftom, (kins (rhofeof duty, or other imposition whatfoever, (hall be demanded, ^ol-horfcs cxeeptr Jeded, received, or taken, for or upon any raw or undressed ^ imporwV^

hides duty free

Anno nono Georgii 111. c. 40*  £1768.

any person or persons is or are by this ad made anfwerable, may and (hall be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at ' fVefiminfier^ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, wager at law, or protedion, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

No fee payable XVI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no fee or for any war- gratuity whatsoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account of nloney issued anY warrant or sum of money which (hall be issued in relation in pursuance to, or in pursuance of, this ad.

of this a&. XVm Provided always^ and be it enaded, That any person Officers on being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as bav-halt-pay ferv- ing fervfed in any or either of the two troops of hdrfe guards, or llt?a1Ilinav reg*mcnt °f hone reduced, and ferv^pg in the militia, (hall and ceiVe thefub^ may> and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fub-fiftence mo- fiftence-money by this ad directed to be paid to captains, lieu-ney payable tenants, or enligns ; and the receiving and taking such fubfift-to lieutenants erice- money by any such captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not oren gns, cjccincj a receiving or taking pay,fo as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being intitled to any such they taking allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance ; and the following such person (hall take the following oath before some justice of oadh before a the peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame ;

The oath. T A. B. do fwear^That I had not, between the

JL any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under bis Mo-jefty* beftdes my allowance of half-pay a s'a reduced in  late  regiment of  (or

allowance as  in  late troop of horse guards,

or  regiment  of horse reduced) save ana except my fub-

ft fence as a lieutenant or enfign, as the cafe may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath (hall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notvyithftanding.

Receiver ge- XVIII. And be further enacted by the authority aforefak), nerai upon re- That the receiver general of the land tax, fo foot) as he (hall receiving a war-xejve a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding commanding* °®cer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the officer, certi- receipt of the ^loathing, and an order from the said colonel or fyjng the re- commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame, cwpt of the payable to the person or persons who furni(hed the said cloath-an ord^for  PaY  t*ic  ^um  mentioned in such order to the perfon

payment, is to intitled to receive the fame; and such warrant and order, toger pay tile fame ther with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, accordingly, (hall be a Efficient discharge to1 such receiver general. meat! &c!~ XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, (hallceafe, 3 s, That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant compa-fer diet? is to ny, (hall cease and determine, during the continuance of this be paid to the ad, the sum of thrpe (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fitch per-

‘'  fon

/

[768.3 Anno nono Grorgii III. c.41.  243

ion as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, batta-adjutant from lion, or independent company, from the time such regiment, W**l# battalion, or independant company (hall ceafc, to the twenty *770<ar ' fifth day of March, one thousand (even hundred and feventy.

CAP. XLI.

An a£t for letter securing the duties of customs upon certain . • goods removed from the out ports and other places to London ; for regulating the fees of the officers of bis Majesty’s customs in the province of Senegamna in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, <1 proper compensation for their trouble and expenses; for the better preferoation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forests and cbaces; and for authorizing the exportation of a Hunted quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the tflands of Orkney.

WHEREAS by an alt pojfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth preamye

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An citing clause * aft for preventihg frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty’s in act ij & cuftoms; and by Jeveral fuhfequent ads of parliament which are new** Car. %. in force, in order to prevent the clandefttne importation and running of foreign goods, it is provided and mailed, that no goods, wares, and merchandizes, J.hall be removed in any Jhip or vessel by fea, from any one port, creek, or member, in this kingdom, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a sufferance or warrant and other coast dispatch first had and obtainedfrom the officers of his Majesty’s cuftomsj which regulations have been found useful and necejfary checks ageunft frauds in his Majesty’s revenues: and whereas to defeat the good pur~ poses intended by thofrails of parliament, great quantities of foreign goods, which are liable to high duties upon the importation, are.clan-deftinely run on Jbore at several of the out ports of this kingdom, and are afterwards removed from thence by land carriage into London, and other parts adjacent thereto, to the great prejudice of the public revenue and the fair trader: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana  ,

confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in „ , . this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the feme, That from and after the first day oi june, one thoulandhats, &c. ex-seven hundred and sixty nine, no foreign bast or draw, chip, ceeding one cane, or horfehair hats or bonnets, exceeding in number onedoMn.» . dozen; no foreign platting or other foreign manufacture of bast ““making* orftraw, chip, cane, or horfehair, proper for making of hats thereof, ex. or bonnets, exceeding in quantity one pound weight avoirdu- ceeding 1 lb. pois; no futcus liquorttice, commonly called Spanijh juice, of fo- ,n°r Spanilh reign produce or manufafture, exceeding in quantity twenty” pounds weight; no foreign fnuff, exceeding in quantity tenn<JfnufFiolb. pounds, weight; no Nanquin cloth, muflin, foreign callico, or nor Nar.quin r  -6  t  ?  6  foreign doth,  muflin.

944  Anno nono Georgii Ml. c.41.'  £17^

callico, or di- foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one entire piece; and no * P*ece 1 China earthen ware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, if the earthenware ®Mne ^ave *>een imported or seized at any out port in Great »wding ,» Britain, (hall be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or piece* i by water, from any out port or other place whatsoever in Great "^dffr*” Brtta,t** into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to the out ^port* any P^ace whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from &c. to Lon- * the Royal Exchange of London, without a certificate from the col-don, or within ledtor or other proper officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, at the sonule*there-pon or place where such goods were imported or feized, certi-without a cer-*y*nS lhat ^ duties payable upon the importation of such goods tificateofthe have been duly paid and fatisfied, or that the laid goods haveJ duties being been before compounded for or condemned; which fafts (haltl P“d*  be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof, rc-1

«r that the 1 *®rr*n8to the times when, and the place where, such goods were] good* were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such goods condemned i shall have, been imported or-feized within the port of London, *he f*®* to be and sent from thence to any out port for fale, they shall not be oath j 0n removed as aforesaid from any out port into the port of London, nor if import-or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the > ed or fazed in distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, • London, and without a certificate from the collector or other proper dffifer of 1 thence for his Majesty’s cuftoms, at or nearest to the port or place from . fate to any whence such goods are intended to be removed, certifying that1 out port, may the owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before they be re- him that the said goods, and every part thereof, had been sent 5eh*e fr°m t0 ^uch owner or proprietor from London for fale, in the lawful Londonwith- way trade, referring to the time when, with the name and out,a certifi- residence of the person from whom, such goods were lent; and cate.  that such owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable

upon the importation of such goods had been duly paid and fatisfied, or that the said goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respective certificates (hall express the quantity and quality of the said goods, with the marks of . the package thereof, to what places and to whom the fame are configned, and by what carriage the lame are intended to be removal ; and if the said goods are removed by land, the said certificate shall also express and limit the time tor which the fame (hail continue in force.

The oath* and II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-cerdficates to faid, That the respective oaths and certificates herein before reft*  <lu'red shall be administered and granted by the collector or o-

srantedwith- ,*ier ProPer officer of the customs in the manner before directed, out fee. without fed or reward: and if any such bast or ftraw, chip, cane. If any of the or horfehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufacture of said commodi-baft, ftraw, chip, cane, or horfehair, succus liquoritia, fnuff, tie* shall be re- Nanquin cloth, muffin, callico, dimity, or China earthen ware, fobnd remov-  rcnnove<l as aforesaid, or lhall be found removing, from

ing, contrary any ^ch out P°rt or place, in order or with an intent to be to this aft, 7 carried into the port of London, or any member thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from

the

945

'1768.] Anno nono Georgii 111. c. 41.’

the Royal Exchange of Londot*, without such certificate; or if the fame (hall not agree in all-refpeds therewith; the goods, to* or diaU not gether with the package thereof, (hall he forfeited and loft, and  •}*

fhall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or officers Jhecmifiratet of his Majesty's cuftoms; and after condemnation disposed of they are for* * and divided in such manner as the like goods may, for any o- feited, &c. ther cause of forfeiture, be feifed, profecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any ad dr ads of parliament now in force.  l

III.  Pjtgyided always, and it is hereby farther enacted by the Bat the before

authority aforefaid. That nothing herein before contained shall claufet are not extend, or. be construed to extend, to any bast or ftraw, chip,  t0

cane, or horfehair hats or bonnets, platting or other manufac- IgoAtm ture of baft, ftraw, chip, cane, or horfehair, fiucus liqmritiee, we bought in fnuff, Nanquin cloth, muffin, callico, dimity, or China earthen a public and ware, which shall have been, bona fide, bought in a public and tar way of fair way of trade in the cities ofLondon or Weftminfter, or liber- orWeftl ties thereof; and which fhall.be removed or removing, by any mjnlkri person or perfons,.for his, her, or their own necessary use or and which wear, and shall not be intended to be fold or exposed to file, (ball be re-

IV.  And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- use faid, That if such bast or ftraw, chip, cane, or horfehair hats or and not for bonnets, platting or other manufacture of baft, ftraw, chip, fale. cane, or horfehair, yitatu liquoritia, fnuff, Nanquin cloth, muffin, in disputes callico, dimity, or China earthen ware, shall be seized or flop- where any ped, for being removed or for bang found removing as afore-

laid without luch certificate, and any doubt or dispute shall a- for being rife whether such goods have or have not been removed, or are removed or or are not removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of removing this ad, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of contrary to such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or flop such tW proof is to goods. _  lie on the

V.  And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- claimant, faid, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty of any of the fads herein before required to be fworn, such person tafe swearing or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incur- j“^"y°f “e red by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if ’

any person or persons shall counterfeit, rale, or falfify, any cer- or of counter-tificate required or directed by this ad, or shall knowingly or feiting.rafing, willingly make use of any certificate fo counterfeited, rafed, al- or tered, or falfified, such person or persons fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who (hall inform and sue for the fame in any court of record at Weftminfter, wherein no ef-foin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI.  Andy in, order to prevent any&Jputes which'may hereafter a-rife concerning such fees as the collector of his Majesty's cuftoms, and other officers of the customs in the province of. Senegambia in Africa, may be intitled to, for making entries or other huftnefs done by them in

the execution of their employments, be it farther enacted by the au-  »

thority

*4-6  Anno  nono  Georgii  HI.  c.41;  [176#

Collcftor and thority aforesaid, That until Rich time as the fame (hall be o-•ther officers thenyife fettled by authority of parliament, it (hall and may be authorized to* kwfulto and for the said collector and other officers to demand take the fame and receive, take and enjoy, such fees as have been received by fees as the the like officers in the illand of Barbadoes on or before the first ^kc.°®ccr# m day of January, one thousand seven hundred and lixty seven 5 jsaroa oes. provided that the fees fo taken are not contrary to the express direction of any a A of pailiament made in Great Britain; and that the said officers in. Senegambia (hall, upon the refusal of pay. snent of such fees, have and be intitled to the fame remedy for the recovery thereof, as has been heretofore allowed to any collector or other officer of the customs in any of his Majesty « colonies or plantations j any law, bye-law, or other aft of council or affembly, made in tne said province of Senegambia^ to thei contrary notwithftanding; and, in all cafes whatfoever, every Governor and governor or commanding officer in the said province is hereby commanding directed to be aiding and assisting to the said officers in the due offic«r there execution of their offices : and if any officer of his Majesty’s ffiid officers in cu®oms Senegambia fhallexaft, require* or receive, any other the execution or greater fees than such as are herein allowed to be taken, he of their duty, (hall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum pf fifty pounds; One Penalty of ex- mpiety of which penalty shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and ! aftmg greater fucce(fors, arid the other moiety to the person or persons ag-c *  grieved  thereby,  who shall sue for the fame in the proper court!

of Senegambia; and for the second offence he (hall forfeit bis {dace, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the cuftoms.  I

Claufes in aft VII. And whereat by an aft madtin the fifth year ef the reign of \ 5 Geo, 3. Ms present Majefiy, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty 1 a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; for applying j certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; for further appropriate i ing the supplies granted iq this session of parliament; for allow* 1 ing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employ- | ments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file v  affidavits  of  the  execution  of  indentures of clerks to attornies

and follicitors\ it was recited, that by an aft made in the thirty firjl year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, certain duties were laid upon offices and employments^ and the monies thereby arijing,, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh to such person or persons as the com-mtffioners of the treafury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, fbould confiitute and appoint to be receiver general or receivers thereof for bis Majefiy's ufey but no provifion, had been made, or authority given> for allowing any compenfation, jor granting any reward, to such receiver or receivers, for his or their trouble in the receiving the said monies, and in the paying and accounting for the fame: aud it was therefore enafted% That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for such receiver or receivers to retain, out of the monies which bad been and fbould be said into bis or their hands in

uame

247 •

768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.41.

stance of tbt said aili fucb funi, as a compensation or rewardfor his r their trouble, as bis Majesty, bis heirs, and fiuceffors, Jbould appoint, not exceeding three ptme in the pound: and whereas tbs said dlowance of three pence in the pound is little more than sufficient to lefray the expense of an agent in London, to receive and negotiate be bills by which the monies arising from the aforefaii duty are remit-ed from Edinburgh, and to pay the fame into the receipt ofhisMa-efty's exchequer, and also to defray Jucb other fmall■ contingent expenses, as muji netejfarify attend the rmfing and aliening thereof; whereby the intention of the before recited ait is fruftrated, and the bid receiver or receivers bath or have a very inadequate provijion or reward for bis or their own service in rmfing and tolltiling the find duties: be it therefore enadred by the authority aforesaid, That Addition*! slit (hall and may be lawful to and for the receiver or receivers of lowance of the laid duty to retain, out of the monies that have been and per ann. (hall be paid into his or their hands in pursuance of the before “ad.e tot“e mentioned a6t of the thirty first year of his late majesty King the^du-* George the Second, over and above the allowance of three pence ties on offices in the pound granted by the before recited a<5t of the fifth year and employ* of his present Majesty, such farther sum as his Majesty, his {"“I1*in Scot* heirs and fucceflbrs, by his or their warrant or warrants, coun- 311 * terfigned by the high treafurer, or any thtee or more of the com* miffioners of the treasury for the time being, shall appoint, not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum, as & compensation or reward for bis or their trouble.

VIII.  And whereas by an aS made in the fixtb year of his present Claufein a& Mqjeflfs reign, intituled. An a& for the better preservation rtf 6 Geo.3. roots, (hrubs, and plants, it was, amongfi other things, enaHed,

That all and every ptrfon and pbrfons who, from and after the twenty fourth day ^’June, one thousand seven hundred and Jixty fix, fbould go into the woods, underwoods, or wood grounds', of arfy of bis Majesty's fubjeHs, not. being the lawful owner or owners’ thereof, and Jbould there cut, lop, top or fpoil, split down or damage, or other-wife destroy any kind of wood or underwood, poles, JHebs of wood, green Jbrub, or young trees, or carry or convey away the fame; or fbould have in his, her, or their cuftody, any kind of wood, underwood, poles, flicks of wood, green ftubs, or young trees, and Jbould not give a fatisfaHory account how be, foe, or they, came by the fame, and Jbould be thereofconviHed before any one or more of bis Majesty s jufliees of the peace, on the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-ruffes, Jbould, for the fir ft offence, forfeit and pay immediately on con-vtilion, any sum not exceeding the sum of forty (billings, together with the charges previous to and attending fitch conviilion, to be af-certained by the said juftict or jufliees who fbould conviil the offender or offenders; ana if any perfion orperfonsfbould commit any ofthe offences aforesaid a fecona time, and fbould be thereof again conviHed in manner aforesaid, be, foe, or they Jbould forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, together with the charges previous to and attending such conviilion, to be afeertained as aforefaid', and if any person or persons Jbould commit any of the offences aforesaid a third time, that then, fucb person or perfons, being duly coaviiled thereof

according

248  Anno nono GsoROli'III. c. 4i«  £ 1 y62.

according to law, Jhouli be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible rogue or rogues, and should be punijbed as fucb : and whereas great dejlruc-tion bath of late been made of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, growing upon his Majejly's forests and tbajes toitbin this kingdom, ter the great prejudice 'of bis Majejty’s deer, and other game therein; and ezlfo of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, growing in tjte woods and wood grounds of his Majejly's fubjeffs: for the better preventing fucb evil proffices and abufesfor tee future, be it' enacted by the authority aforefaid. The recited That from and after the first day of Judy, one thousand seven daufe, and all hundred and sixty nine, the laid clause in the said a& made in! &c. thereby*’  of his present Majesty’s reign, and all and every

infli£ted, &c. the penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, thereby inflicted, are extended and all other provisions, claufes, matters, and things, relating "i^hSlvia'd W thereto, (hall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to fiy*s foiefla * oKtod* and QiaU be applied and put in execution, in relation and chaces 1 to all his Majesty’s forests and chafes within this realm; and to and toperfons all and every person or perfonS who (hall, without legal right or deftroyfag, or authority,.by night or day, cut down, deftroy, take, carry, or convey away, any1 hollies, thorns, or quickfets, growing or be-thoms, or’ ing upon any of his Majesty’s said fotefts or chafes, or within quickfets, fcc. the wood or wood grounds of any of his Majesty’s subjects ; or and to persons who (hall have in' his, her, or their, custody or possession any fucb'in their  follies,. thorns, or quickfets, and (hall not give a fatisfac-

cuftody, for tory account how he, (he, or th$y, came by the feme, and (hall! which they be thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty’s ju-1 cannot fatif- fUces of the peace in the manner prescribed and directed by the I Munt ^ aC* ^ a<^* and such justice or justices is or are hereby authorized I to administer oaths, and proceed in the like manner for the; conviction and punilhment of every offender in the premifles, as fully and fcffe&ually to all intents ‘and purposes a$ if the several provisions in the said adt had been particularly repeated and applied to the offences herein before fpecified.

Conviftion of IX. And be' it further enacted by the ^authority aforesaid, 1 *° That the conviction arid convidtions of all and every offender the'general t0 and offenders against this adl, (hall be certified by the justice or quarter felEon. justices of the peace, before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next general quarter fefiions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said fefiions; and that such conviction (hall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words (as the cafe (hall happen) or in any other form of words to the tike effedlj that is to fay.

To

Anno nonoGBORGii HI. c.42.  449

*Xo wit. 1>E it remembered., that on. the  day Form of the

. of  in  the  year  A.,B.  was  conviibon.

upon the complaint of C. D. convifled before  of  the

fujlices of the peace for  in  purfuanct  of  an  a£t

pajfed in the ninth year of the reign of his meqefty King George the Third, for  (as  the  cafe  (ball  be).

Given under •  hand and feal the day and year above

written.

Which (aid conviction (hall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes; and (hall not be qualhed, let afide, or ad. Not liable to judged void or infufficient, for want of any form or words what- be qualhed, or foever, nor to be liable to be removed by Qertiorari into his Ma- remo?ec'* jelly’s court of King’s Bench, but .(hall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatfocver.

<000 of

growth of

whichfrom its inferior quality is altogether unfit for any houjbold ufes; theSerof and if not permitted to be exported to Portugal and other places for the Orkney,

feeding of mules and borfes (the only use this species of grain is fit for) will be entirely loft to the owners5 for remedy whereof, be it enacted by. the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceftors, by order or orders to be ipade in council for tint purpose, under such.limitations and re-.

(trillions as (hall be expressed in such order or orders, to permit flowed to be and authcrize the exportation of any quantity or quantities of ^^nu^?_er such barley or bigg, not exceeding five thousand quarters, of the ftri&ioni," growth or the islands of Orkney, from t|ie port of Kirkwall to the from the port kingdom of Portugal, or elfewhere; any law or statute to the of Kirkwall to contrary notwithftanding.  Portugal;

XI. Provided nevertheless. That no bounty or allowance boun-whatfoever (ball be granted or paid in respect of such barley or zi iLenunonZ bigg to be exported as aforefaid.

CAP. XUI.

An a£l for explaining, amending, and continuing cm aft made in the second year of bis present Majesty, intituled, An adt to explain, amend, and reduce into one adt of parlia-„ ment, the several laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a well regulated militia is of the utmost importance Preamble.

to the internal defence of this country: and whereas the laws now in forte for the training and reguhting the militia, which are by experience found to bo useful and beneficial, are near expiring: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an adt palled in the second year of so much of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An ail to explain, amend, and the fieyeral ^ reduce into one alt ofparliament) the several laws now in being* re- *«*of*Gea3.

lating

t Geo. 3,

5 Geo. 3,

auad another aft of sGeO.;

f Geo. 3*

7 Geo.

and another of 7 Geo. 3« as are now re-fpettively in force, and not hereby repealed,

are made perpetual.

Anno nono Georgii III. C$41'.

fating to the raijing and training the militia within that part ofGvtzt Britain called England, or fo much of the said aft as is now in force, and not herein dr hereby repealed; and also an aft paiTed in the fourth year of the said reign, intituled. An act to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the second year of the reign of his present Majefly> intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, or fo much of the said aft as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also fo much of an aft palled in the fifth year of the reign of his present Maje-fty, intituled. An aft far applying the money granted in this fejfion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part y Great Britain called England for oneyear, be* ginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and for punishing militia men neglecting their duty, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also 1 fo much of an aft palled in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to explain, amende and enforce, the several laws now in being, relating to the railing and. training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, as is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also fo much of an aft palled m the sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for applying the money granted in this fejfion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifthday i^March, one thousand seven hundred and fixtyfix; and for explaining, amending■, and rendering more ejfeftual Jeve~ ral afts. of parliament pajfed in the fecond, fourth, andfifth years of the reign of his present Majesty,relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, as.is now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed; and also fo much of an aft made the seventh year of the reign.of his .prefent Majesty, intituled. An aft for giving further time to his Majejlfs lieu~ tenants, deputy lieutenants, jujlices, and clerks of the peace, and others, for carrying into execution certain parts of an aft pajfed in the loft fejfion, for pay and cloatbing of the militia 5 and for indemnifying fitch lieutenants and clerks of the peace, and others, who have neg~ lested to carry fitch parts of the said aft into execution, a* may be now in force, and also fo much of one other aft, palled in the seventh year of the said reign, inituled. An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for bne year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty feven; for the more ejfeftual punishing ferjeants, drummerf, and fifers, for misbehaviour and defertion, ana for securing deserters from the litia regiments', and for explaining and amending fo much of an aft pajfed in the lajl fejfion of parliament as relates to the inlifiing mili~ tia men into his majejlfs other forces, as is now in force, and not herein and hereby repealed, (all which afts, or parts or daufes of afts, are now near expiring) (hall be and are hereby made perpetual.

H. And

t?68.]  Anno nono Georgii HI. c. 42.  251

II.  And whereas the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers

ferving in the militia* directed and required in and by the a ft of the second year of his prtfimt Majesty's reign, bath been found inconvenient and detrimental to the fervke* by rendering it difficult to obtain a fufficieni number of deputy lieutenants to aft in the execution of the laws relating to the militia* and of fubaltem officers to the several corps of militia now raifed: and whereas it would be of great advantage to that fervid* if the qualifications required by the said aft for deputy lieutenants and subaltern officers were lejfened, and the qualifications required for the superior officers were increafedy fo as thereby to give to the public/* on the whole, a greater fecurity; be it therefore enadted* That fo much of thefaidjad of the second Repeal of Co year of his present Majesty’s reign* as requires and directs the much of aa qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers serving in the * Geo. 3. as militia* and the register of such qualifications* and the several ^Hficat^n matters and things relating thereto* (hall be* and the fame is dcp^lieute-hereby declared to be* repealed.  nants and

III.  And be it further ena&ed* That from and after the paff- officers, and tng of this ad, each person fo to be appointed a deputy lieute- the/cg^c** °f nant* (hall be seised or poflefled* either in law or equity, for cations^ his own use and benefit* in pofieffion of a freehold* copyhold* Qualification, or customary eftate* for life* or for some greater eftate* or of upon the pre-' an estate for some long term of years* determinable in one or Cent eftabliih-more life or lives* in manors* mefiiiages* lands* tenements* or went, ot a hereditaments* in England, WaleSy or the town of Berwick up- ieute~ on Tweedy of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (hall * ’

be heir apparent of some person who (hall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like eftate* as aforefaid* of the yearly value of four hundred pounds: and each person fo to be appoint- Colonel* ed a colonel* (hall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like eftate* as aforefaid* 'of the yearly value of one thousand pounds ; or (hall be heir apparent to some person who (hall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforefaid* of the yearly value of two thousand pounds : and each person fo to be appointed a lieutenant colonel* (hall be* in like man- Lieutenant ner* seised of a like eftate* as aforefaid* of the yearly value of colonel, fix hundred pounds ; or (hall be heir apparent of some person who (hall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like eftate* as aforefaid* of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: and each person fo to be appointed a major* or a cap- Major> tain* (hall be* in like manner* seised or possessed of a like eftate, captain, as aforefaid* of-the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of some person who (hall be* in like manner* seised or poflefled.of a like eftate* as aforefaid* of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; or (hall be a younger fon of some person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death* was* in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate* as aforefaid* of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds: and that each person fo to be appointed lieutenant* (hall be* in like manner* seised or pof- Lieutenant*, sessed of a like; eftate, as aforefaid* of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or (hall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the a-Vol. XXVIII,  S  mount

*5*  AnnononoGEORGn  1IL  c.4^  [1768.

mount of one thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of two thousand pounds; or (hall be Ton of Tome person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or who (hall be, or who, at the time of his deaths was, possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and that and ensign 1 each person fo to be appointed an enfign, (hall be, in like manner, seised or po(Te(Ted of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly , value of twenty pounds; or {hall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seised or pof-feffed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of ooe thousand pounds; or (hall be fon of some person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or who lhall be, or who, at the tjme of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and perfect moiety of na^ efote together, to the amount or value of one thousand five the estates rc* hundred pounds: one moiety of which said eftates, required as qnired as qua- qualifications for each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant co-lirtcations to ]onel, major, or captain refpeflively, (hall be situate or arising arifing^thhi Wll^*n foch refpediive county, riding, or divifion, in which be the county, (hall be appointed to ferve.

Qualifications IV* Provided always, and be it enadted. That, for the pur-ecjuivalent to poses of the respective qualifications required by this a<ft, the an estate of immediate reverfiOn or remainder of and in manors, meffuages, tenemenls> or hereditaments, which are leafed for one portion!11 Pf° or ^ two or t^ree l*ves» or f°r any term of years determinable upon the death of one life, or of two or three lives, on reserved rents, and which are, to the lessee or leffees, of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, (hall be deemed e-qual to an estate herein before deferibed as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion, be the said qualification of a greater or less degree.

Other equiva. V. And be it enadted, That a person pofleffed, either in law . lent qualifies- or equity, for his own use and benefit, m pofieffton of an estate tions for dep. for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years, or more, and^fficers. an annua^ vaIuc» over and above all rents and charges payable out of, or in respect of, the fame, equal to the value of such an estate as is required for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant and commifiion officer of the militia refpedtively, and situate as aforesaid, (hall be, and i$ hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to adt and serve under such refpec-tive commifiion.

Number ofd. VI. And be it ena&ed, That in the several counties of Cum-lieutenants,  far/anjy Huntingdon, Monmouth, Wejlmorlani^ and Rutland> ami

the°new efta°- cvcry county and place in the dominion of Wales refpc&ively, biifoment, for there (hall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed (if fo

4  many

ij68.] Anno nono Gegrgii III. c. 42.  253

many persons qualified as herein after expressed can be therein the counties found) and the eftate* requisite for the qualification of the re- «of fpedive deputy lieutenants and ofiicers of the militia therein, don Mon-”** (hall be as follows; that is to fay, a deputy lieutenant (hall be, mouth, Weft-in like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of roorland, Rut-the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds ; or (hall be an<* heir apparent to a perfon, who (hall be, in like manner, seised Qualification or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of oK dep. lieu-three hundred pounds: a colonel (hall be, in like manner, seised tenant for / or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of Hwfe counties, fix hundred pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of a person who 0 a co on* * (hall be, in like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as a,-forefaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, (hall be. Lieutenant * in like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, colonel, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds$ or (hall be heir apparent of a person who (hall be, in like manner, seised or pof-fefled of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds : a major or captain (hall be, in like manner, Ma- or seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly captain, value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or (hall be fon of a person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the

yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant (hall be, in Lieutenant, like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or who (hall be poflefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of fix hundred pounds ; or feifed.or poflefied of real and personal estate together, to the a-mount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds; or (hall be the fon of a person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or poflefied of a like eftate, as a-forefaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who (hall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, poflefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds; or seised or poflefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand four hundred pounds: an ensign (hall be, in like manner, seised or poflefied an(j cufign 1 of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds; .or who (hall be poflefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds; or seised or poflefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of fix hundred pounds5 or (hall be the fon of a person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, wa9, in like manner, seised or pof-fefled of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty, pounds; or who (hall be, or who, at the time of his death, was, poflefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of fix hundred pounds; or seised or poflefied of real and personal estate A moiety of together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred «beir qualifies-pounds: one half of all which respective estates (except those fi^teto or for the qualifications of lieutenants and enfigns) (hall be situate ariling within or anting within such respective county or riding in which such their rcfpec-•officcrs Stall be refpe^ively appointed to few.  countiei*

i x  Pro-

is to be made up of perions ot in inferior qualification.

Qualification requisite for ttieifleof Ely and Cam-. bridge, viz. for adep. lieutenant.

254  Anno  none  Georgii  HL C.42.  [1768.

Where *0 per- VU. Provided always. That in foch counties where twenty font qualified persons cannot be found qualified as aforesaid, and willing to ad Haandepf *° as <*ePuty lieutenants, it may and (hall be lawful for his Maje-Keotenants fty*s lieutenant of any foch county, and he is hereby required, can’t be found, after having appointed fb many persons as can be found qualified as aforeTaid, to appoint such number of persons to be deputy lieutenants as (hall be requisite to make up the number twen-*7* who (hall refpeefively be seised or possessed of a like estate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and situate as aforesaid ; and every such person (hall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be, ddly and sufficiently qualified to ad and (carve under such refpedivc commiffions.

VIII.  And be it enaded. That the estates requisite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in the ifle of Ely, m the county of Cambridge, (hall be as follows; a deputy lieutenant (half be seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of feme person who (hall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of tiie yearly value of three hundred pounds: a captain (hall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as a-forefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; or (hall be heir apparent of a person who (haH be, in like manner, (eif-ed or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (hall be a younger fon of some person who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds : a lieutenant (hall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or (hall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of fix hundred pounds; or (hall be fon of some person who (hall be, or, at the time or his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds; or who (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a personal estate to the a-and ensign s motmt of one thousand two hundred pounds: an ensign (hall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of theyearly value of twenty pounds; or (hall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of three hundred pounds; or (hall be the fon of some person who (hall be, or, or at the time of • his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds; or who

_________r (hall be, or, at the time of his death, was, possessed of a perfo-

of iicuteoants nal estate to the amount of fix hundred pounds: one half of all and eniigns) which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants to befimatem and enfigns) (hall be situate or arising within the (aid ide of Ely, bridge. or some other part of the county of Cambridge.  *  .

Number of IX. And be it enaded. That in all cities or towns which am deputy licute- counties within themfelves, and have heretofore been empow-nants for such ered, by law or ancient ufage, to raise and train a separate mili-cifie' and tja wjtjl<in the;r several precincts and liberties, and which are

'  united

Lieutenant,

A moiety of the qualifications (except

cities and towns as arc

m?6S.] Anno nono Georgii III. 0.42.  255

united with, and made part of, any county or counties for the counties with-purpofes of railing the militia only; his Majesty’s lieutenant such cities or towns, or, where there is no lieutenant ap-tobe appokit-pointed by his Majesty, the chief magistrate of such city or town, ed.  ^

ihall appoint five or more deputy lieutenants (if fo many persons qualified as is hereinafter exprefledcan therein be found) and (hall also appoint officers of the militia, whose number and rank (hall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or town (hall raise as their quotay towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is qnited for the purposes aforefaid; the qualification of which officers respectively (hall be as is hereinafter mentioned; and all powers and provisions made by this powers and act, with refoedt to counties at large, and the militia thereof, provisions of and the registering the qualifications of deputy lieutenants andthis *&»with officers, (hall take place and be in force with respect to the said cS^es at cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the registering the ia,ge, ana the said qualifications: and the value of the respective qualifications militia thereof the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of such cities ofite-extend-or towns (hall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant (hall be and** fcifed or possessed of a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly va- towns s lue of one hundred'and fifty pounds; or (hall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and every field officer (hall respectively be seised or possessed of a <*,aKfication like eftate, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three .hundred oflhe deputy > pounds ; or (hall be possessed of a personal .eftate alone, or fejf-lieutenjuits ed or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount thcrco*» or value of five thousand pounds; and the qualification of a captain (hall be a like eftate, as aforesaid, pf the yearly value of ana of the one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, mefluages, lands, field officers* tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and the qualification of a lieutenant (hali be a like eftate, as aforesaid, of the c . yearly value of thirty pounds, in manors, mefluages, lands, tene- Lieutenants ments, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the a- and enfigns’ jnount or value of seven hundred and fifty pounds: and the A moiety of qualification of an ensign (hall be a like eftate, % as aforesaid, of their qualifi-the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors; mefluages, lands,cation* («-tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the nam^and enr amount or value of four hundred pounds : one half of all which figns) to be real estates refpedivelv (except those for the qualification offituated in lieutenant and enfign* ; (hall be situate or arising within such ci- such cilies ty or town, or within the county at large to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforefaid.  large/

X.  And be it further enadted, That nothing herein contain- Adjutants ed in respect to the qualification of lieutenants and ensigns of though ap-the militia (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to such per- pointed lieu-fon as (hall be appointed an adjutant of any regiment or batta- tena^nu or^cn-lion of militia, and (hall also be appointed a lieutenant or ensign <!£££<?out of in such regiment or battalion; but that it (hall and may be law- the general

$ j  ful  qualification.

£$5  Anno  nono Georgii HI. C. 42;  <[1768.

ful for his Majesty’s lieutenant, in ahd for any county or place, to give to such person appointed an adjutant, a commission of a lieutenant, or an enfign, although such person hath not the qualification for such commiffidn as is herein directed and required.

The present XL Provided always, and be it enabled. That the several qualifications qualifications herein above direfted, (hall not extend,'or be con-

to extend, to any perfoh who is now aftuallv ferviftg as to officers now  •  l  i t •  .*  >  ,  .  .  ^  P  ,

aftually ferv. an officer m the trnhtia of this kingdom; but that every such

ing in the perfon, being duly qualified, as'ih and Jby the former laws relat-imiitia; ing to the militia is directed and required, (hall and may continue to ferveJn the militia of this kingdom, in such rank only in which he now ferves, although not qualified as herein before is directed.

nor to deputy  XII. And be it enafted, That the qualifications above diredt-

lieutenants ed to enable any person to be a deputy lieutenant Colonel, lieu-and officers  tenant colonel, major, captain, or lieutenant, (hall not extend

tothe10  comm,®ons as fhaU granted by his Majesty’s con-

bleof the tow- ^ble of the tower, or lieutenant of the ttrpuer hamlets. er, or lieute- XIII. And be it enafted, That no deputy lieutenant, or icom-nant of the  million officer in the militia, who (hall not have delivered in a

tower hamlets qualification as required by any of the former afts relating to the Perfons who militia, (hall adt as such. until he (hall have left with the clerk have not deh- 0f ^ peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, in and* for qualification^ ^hich he (hall be fo appointed, his qualifications, in writing, pursuant to signed by himfelf; and such clerk of the peace is hereby required former afts, to enter the fame upon a roll to be kept for that purpose; and ate difquah- {hall, \n t|ie month of January in every year, transmit to one of in* JnThey ^is Majesty’s principal secretaries of ftate, a compleat account of comply. the qualifications fp left, or to be left, with him ; and the said Ciei k of the secretaries of ftate, receiving such accounts, (hall cause copies peace to tranf- thereof to be annually laid before both houses of parliament: mit to one of anc} every deputy lieutenant and commission officer, not hav-t^e  ing already taken and fubferibed the oaths, and made, repeated,

an#annt.ai ac- a^d fubferibed, the declaration as required by the former afts count ot the relating to the militia, (hall, at some general quarter feftions, qualifications or in one of his Majesty’s Courts of record zxWefiminJler, with-enrolled *uh jn gx months after he (hall have accepted his commiffionj take him:  the oaths ;n anj by an passed in the first year of thie reign of

Sfbefore * his maJefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the fur-parliament.  ^?er JeCUrify °f hi5 Maje/ly's person and government, and the fuccef

Time limited flQn tf fP€ crown *n tf)e ^rs °f the late prince fs Sophia being protein dep. lieu- fonts \ and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of tenants and Wales, and his open and secret abettors; andalfo thfe oath in and officers, who by an pa(Ted jn the sixth year of the reign of his present Ma* it? to take^he Je^y» intituled. An aft for altering the oath of abjuration and the oaths, &c. ajfurance, and for amending fo much of an aft of the seventh year of Aft 1 Geo. 1. her late Majesty fpueen Anne, intituled. An aft for the improve-and 6 Geo. 3. ment and the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lijls or copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason or mtfprifton of treafon,

uppoinh

*57

•1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. e. 42.

appointed to be taken 3 and (hall also make, repeat, and fub-fcnbe, the declaration, in the laid ad of the first of King George the Firft, directed to be made, repeated, and fubfcribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV.  And be it enafted, That if any person (hall execute *001. penalty any of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, co- on d. licuta* lonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid ; or (hall not deliver in such qualification ; and take „ °t £ " the oaths, and make, repeat, and fubfcribe, the declaration a- ing qualified 3 forefaid, as is herein before required; every such person (hall or not deliver-forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any of

the persons (hall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on^r not taking1 captains, lieutenants, or enfigns, (not being qualified as afore- the oaths, &c. faid) and (hall not deliver in such qualification, and take the and 100 l.on oaths, and make, repeat, and fubfcribe, the declaration afore- captains, faid, as is herein before required, every such person (hall for- and feit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; such fevlral pe- cnfign8i nalties to be recovered by ^ftion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor- to be recover-mation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjiery wherein no eUoin, wager of law, or proteftion, or more than 01 dc 9 one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; one moiety whereof (hall go to the use of the person who (hall sue for the fame, and the other moiety to the uses herein after direfted.

XV.  And be it enacted, That in every aftion, fuit, or in- ProoF of qua-formation, brought against any person for acting as deputy lieu- location to lie tenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieutenant, pc“on or enfign, not being qualified as herein before is direfted, the

proof of bis qualification (hall lie upon the person against whom  1

the fame is brought.  ^

XVI.  Provided always, and oe it enafted, That nothing in Peers, or this aft contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to heirs appa-reftrain hisMajefty’s lieutenant of any county, riding, divifion, rent of peers, or place, from appointing any peer of this realm, or heir ap- capable of ^e-parent of any such peer, to be a deputy lieutenant, or a com- d^jieut^or* million officer in the militia, within the county, riding, divifion, officers, with-or place, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, (hall out delivering refpeftivelv have some place of refidence; or to oblige any peer thc?r <lua^ of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer (fo appointed p de- 0311011 i puty lieutenant or commission officer refpeftivelv) to leave with

the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place,

. for which he (hall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid 5 but it (hall be lawful for every peer of this realm, or only taking heir apparent of such peer, fo appointed, and taking the oaths,thc oathi> &c and making, repeating, and fubferibing the declaration aforesaid, to aft as a deputy lieutenant or commission officer refpec-tively, although he (hall not be seised or possessed of any such estate in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as is required by this alt.

XVII.  And whereas by an ait made in the fetondyear of bis pre- Recital of sent Mojeftfs reign, intituled, An aft tb explain, amend, and clauses in aft reduce into one aft of parliament, the several laws now in being, * Geo. ^ and

p

ajC  Anno nono Georgii in. c. 42;  [1768.

relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England* it is enafted* That in all coomties and places where tie militia Jball not have hen raised in purfomce ef the former aft relating thereto* and where it Jbould net be raised in pursuance of the said aft* the Jim of five pounds Jbould h artmsaUy paid in lieu of every private man to oe raised with* the fi*me\ and that the juftsces of the peace* at the general quarter femons* Jbcsdd rate ana assess on fucb county or place the said fim of five posends per man* and levy and colic& the fame in the fame manner* in all refpefts* as the county rates are* by an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefy King Georg? the Second* or any other aft or afts of parliament* to be raifed* aJfeJJed* collefted* levied* paid* and accounted for; and that the said rates and suns fo raifed* collefted* and levied* Jbould be paid by the treasurer ef fucb county to the receiver general thereof* whole receipt Jbould h a fuffiaent dif-charge for fucb payment: and whereas by several other afts relating to the militia* pajfed in the fourth* fifth* and Jixth years of bis pre-fent MqfeJlfs reign* 'divers provisions are made* and powers and di-reftions are given* for raijing the said sum of five pounds per man* within all fucb counties and places wherein the militia bad not been raifed* or Jbould not be raifed* and for enforcing the payment thereof: and whereas* notwithstanding the directions contained in the said several afts* several of the counties within that part of Great Britain called England have neither raised any militia* nor paid the said five pounds per man per annum, according to the directions of the said several afts; whereby they avoid contributing to the support of government with fucb counties as have raised and trained the mi-ntia in compliance with the directions of the said aft : and whereas it is just and reafonable* that all bis Majeffs subjects Jbould contribute equally to the support of his Jldajejlys government* and the de-Repeal of fo f*™*  kingdoms  :  be  it  therefore enacted by the authority

much of the aforefaid. That fo much of the said several in part recited acts recited alts as as relates to the railing of the said sum and sums of five pounds relates to the p# aran, within all such counties and places wherein the mili-Jran where** **a ^atb not *>een ra,^» or'ihould not be raifed, and to the en-tbe militia has forcing the payment thereof, (hall be, and the fame is hereby not been rai£ declared to be, repealed.

ed, See.  XVIII. And be it enadted, That his Majesty’s lieutenant.

Where the or three deputy lieutenants, for every county or place within militia has that part of Great Britain called England* where the militia has bewailed, a been or (hall be raifed, (hall yearly, and every year, on or be-yearly return fore the twenty fifth day of December* certify to the clerk of > thereof is to the peace of every county or place refpedtively, that the militia beeertified by of such county or place bath been railed, and when, and at tothecierkof w^at tlmes t^e fame was firlt raifed, the names, number, and the peaces rank of officers, and the number of private men of the tnili-tia in the year when such certificate is made, and the respective times of such militia been trained and exercised in the year in which is to be which such certificate is made; which certificate lhall, by the delivered by c]erk of the peace who lhall receive the fame, be delivered to nwurtneral jnftice* of the peace at their general quarter felfions to be *  held

i^68/J Anno.ftoqoGtORGii III. c.42;  2$9

lield next after the twenty fifth day of December in every year, gnarter fef-on the day on which such sessions (hall be opened, and (nail file the fame amongst the records of such feffions, fo that the true thea* date of the militia in each county may appear.  records *

XIX.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in every But where no

county^ and place, wherein no such certificate from his Majesty’s such return lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, (hall be delivered to the  *|*e

clerk of the peace, as aforefaid* that die clerk of the peace of ^ every such county or place (hall, and is hereby required, at the certify such general quarter (effiohs of the peace to be held next after the omission ao twenty fifth day of December in every year, to certify under his cordingly, hand and feal, to the justices of the peace fo assembled at their

faid general quarter feffions, on the day such sessions (hall be opened, that he hath not received froms his Majesty’s lieutenant of the laid county or place, or any tfiree deputy lieutenants thereof, any such certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such clerk of the peace is hereby directed to and file the file (bch certificate amongst the records of such feffions.  fanic*

XX.  And be it enaded, That in all counties and places* Where the where the militia (hall not be raifed, the sum of five pounds militia (hall (hall be annually paid, for and in,lieu of every private militia not be raifed, man directed to be raised within the fame; and that in every

county and place where no such certificate (hall be made by his paid in lieu 1 Majesty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner thereof; herein before direded, and the fame (hall be certified by the and fo .^hef* clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of every  e

fuch county or place (hall and they are hereby required, at their the quarter said general quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after fefiions are to the twenty fifth day of December in every year, to rate and assess nte thecoun-the sum of five pounds,prr man upon luch county or place,  ac"

in such and the fame manner, and according to such and the fame proportions upon every town, parifh, and place, within each respective county and place, and to be levied, colleded, received, and paid, and to be accounted for in such manner, and by such means, with such powers of diftrefs, and other re- Power of le-medies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for vying, kc. the

Smnifliing all persons whose dnty it (hall be to collect or 'Account ^mc* or the lame, and (hall make default therein, as the county rates have been ufually, or may, by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An aft for the easy ajfejjing, colle Stingy and levying,, of county rates, or by any other ad or ads of parliament, be atieffed, colleded, received, levied, paid^ and accounted for, within the said county,

XXL Provided always. That every perfon, being duly qua- officer* who lified according to the directions of this ad, who (hall have have fen^d 4 served as an officer in any corps of militia raised within the years; or who Kingdom for the space 6f four years; or who (hall be actually malLbe adu-ferving as an officer in any corps of militia; or who (hall offer Qr^allV<>^r himfelf, by writing under his hand, in manner as in and by the fe^t, said in part recited ad of the second year of his present Msyefty fc dfreded  required, to ferye as ap officer in the militia of any

. coupty.

, 2<>o  Anno  hono  Gborgh III.  {1768.

county, riding, or placed where the tniBtia hath not been raifed, or (hall not be raifed, and (hall be heady and willing to serve lire exempted when required hvany rank for which he is duly qualified, (hall from paying not be liable to pay any part or (hare of luch rate or afleffinent, (STratVor ^or ra^ln8 ^um  P°urtds nfan, herein above di-

beingcharged reeled to be raifed; nor (hall such pefrfon, or any of his lands, thereto. tenements, and hereditaments, wheresoever fituated, beaffeffed or charged thereto; and the deficiency thereby occafioned, in railing the whole amount of such sum or Aims of five pounds *  per man on such county, riding, or place, as is hereby dire&ed

and required to fie raifed, (hall, in such cafe, be allowed to such Allowance to county, riding, or place, by deducing the amount of the sums be made ac- which btherwife would have been charged and assessed on such cordingly in person or persons having ferved, or serving or offering to ferve, the rates for as aforefaid^ or on his or their lands, tenements, or heredita-uc perons. ment$^ from t^e gross amount 0f the sum or sums of five

pounds per man herein before directed to be raised on such county, riding, or place, which (hall not have raised the militia, or which (hall not continue to raise the militia, pursuant to the ads in 'this cafe made and provided, ftnt persons XXII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That every per-claiming fiich (on who (hall claim to hive the benefit of such exemption from exemption, such rate and afleffment, as aforefa'id, (hall file a certificate, as wrcerfificates herein a^ter ,s mentioned, of such fervice, or of his having of-adth the clerk fered to ferve, as the cafe may be, with the clerk of the peace of the peace, for the county or place wherein such person (hall claim to have deliver such exemption ; and (hall also deliver in to such clerk of the tenants and* Peace»’from time to time as may be neceffary, a roll or lift, formers, ligned by such person claiming such exemption, of his tenants which is to be and farmers, and the places of their abode; which certificate, filed;  and roll or lift, every such clerk of the peace (hall, and he is

fng the rates hereby required forthwith to file amongst the records of session ;

, the names of a°d whenever any rate or assessment is or (hall be ordered to be the said per- Taifed, levied, or collected, within any county or place for the fomare to be purposes of railing the sum of five pounds per man, as by this treafurerxnd6 a<^ ls directed, such clerk of the peace (hall, and is hereby re-l^igh confta- quired to ceftlfy to the treasurer or treafurers, and high con-ble,  (tables, of' every such county or place, the names of ail fuch

perfons who (hall have fo filed such certificates, and claimed such exemption, and the names of their tenants and farmers fo who are to inserted in such roll or lift ; and such treasurer of treafurers, tranimit the md high fconftables, is and are hereby required to transmit such roH UTl!e pet-cert^catc» an(* ro** or hft» to the petty constable of each town-ty conftable, (hip or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of such person claiming to be exempted, are (ituate and lay ; that they may in order that such person or persons as are intitled thereto, and bc ex*mP?ed his and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall not be accoi ingty.  or charged to such rate or afleffment.

* Certificates of XXIII. And be it enabled. That every lieutenant of any delivered to county or P^ace and he is hereby required to give, without officer^ ia or- delay, unto every person who (hall have served as an officer in

the

/*768\1 Anno none GfioftGil III. 0* 44.  Jtt6i

the militia for the term of four years, or who shall be actually der to their fervingas an officer in any corps Of tnilitia, and who (hall re- exemption, quest the fame, a certificate thereof, as the cafe may be, and as many certificates as such person may defire, in order to exempt him and his lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforefaid; and every such lieutenant, or every justice of the and &Ho to peace, chief magiftrate, and other person or perfons, to whom those quali-any person or persons fo qualified, as aforesaid, (hall offer, as f^dand offer-aforefaid, to serve as an officer in the militia, (hall, and he and lnSt0 ferve* they are hereby required to give, without delay, in like manner, a certificate thereof, or as many certificates thereof as'(hall be requisite for the purposes aforefaid. ’

XXIV.  Provided alfo, That the rates Or assessments which The rates to (hall be made in pursuance of this ad, (hall be made, afleffed, bc rjifjd fcP*; levied, collected, received, and paid, separately and diftintfHy ^hcr ccmnty1 from all the other rates assessed and raised upon and within the ratcg# y said county; any thing in the said ad made in the twelfth year

of his late Majesty’s reign, or any other ad or ads of parliament, or any custom or usage to the contrary notwithftanding..

XXV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the pa-That the several and respective parochial Officers, or other per7 rochial rates fons, who (hall pay, or be liable to pay, the rates or assessments ®cafion are* which (hall be made and rated for the purposes of this ad, up- ^ tekviecT, on any pari(h, town, and place, and also all such parochial of- fcc. * ficers and perfons, upon whom any such rate or aueffment (hall

be levied, (hall and may, from time to time, after notice (hall be given of the amount of the rate or assessment upon such town, parifh, or place, either before the payment thereof by such parochial officers or perfons, or after the fame (halj have been actually paid by, or levied upon, such officers or perfons, rate and levy such monies by a separate and distinct rate and assessment upon every such respective town, parifh, or place, in such manner and proportion, and with such powers for recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be assessed or levied; Tenants pay-and that every tenant or occupier of any hpufc, land,'tythe, ing thereto, tenement, or hereditament, who (hall pay any rate or afleflrnent may-dedwft to be made in pursuance pf this ad by such respective parochial rents-Officers or perfons, within any such towns, pariflies, or places,  *

upon whom any such rate or assessment (hall be levied, (hall and may dedud the fame out of his Pr * her rent, and (hall be acquitted and discharged for fo much money as such' rates or assessments (hall, from time to time, amount unto, as folly and effedually, as if such money had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom such rent is or (hall be payable $ and such person or persons is and are hereby required to allow, from time to time, such dedudions, upon receipt of the residue of the rent.

XXVI.  Provided always. That nothing herein before con- except where tained (hall vacate any covenant or agreement between land- there is a colord and tenant; arid that no landlord of any estate which (hall venant to the pot be let at a rack rent, (hall be obliged or compellable to al- or”wh«e the

lands are not

let at rack rest.

The penalty of si* per man* lor not railing the apportion* meat of the

262  Anno nono Gsorgii III. c. 42;  [1768.

low-to any tenant any money which he or (he (hall pay toward any rate which (hall be made in pursuance of this aft.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it* enafted. That in all cafes where a certain number of private militia men are directed to be raised for any county together with any city or town being a county of itfelf, and the militia has not been, or (hall not be railed for such county, and city or town ; the payment of the militia direft- said futn of five pounds per man, upon the whole number of cd for any private militia men fo directed to be raised as aforesaid, (hall be those ofany divided and apportioned between such county and fiich city or - city or town town being a county of itfelf, in such proportion as the refpec-being a coun- five quote?s paid to the land tax by the said county, and by the ty oikfe* said rity ana town being a county of itfelf, bear to each other j according to un^s the apportionment of the said number of private militia their refpec- men (hall actually have been made in pursuance of the lifts ditto quota's to rested to be returned by the said former afts, or by this pre-the land tax; fentaft; in which cafe the said sum of five pounds per man themilkfe* ** borne by such county, and by such city or town being ihall have a county of itfelf, in such proportion as the respective number . been raised in of men 10 apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such the one place, city or town, bear to each other.

and not m the  XXVIII. And whereas there are ftveral cities, towns, and

places, in many counties and ridings, which do not contribute to the payment of the said rate called The County Rate j byreafon whereof doubts may arife, whether such cities, towns, and places, can be 'legally rated or ajjejfed towards the payment of the said Jum and sums of five pounds per man, in pursuance of the directions of this aft : and whereas it isjufl and reasonable that all such cities, towns, and places, Jhould bear an equal /bare and proportion of five pounds per v  man with each county, riding, or divifion, within which such cities,

*  towns, and places, may happen to lie: be it therefore enafted,

and ft> with That in all cafes where the militia has not been raifed, or (hall respect to not at any time hereafter be raifed, for any county, riding, or divifion, within which any city, town, or place, (hall not be towns, and rated to the (aid rate called The County Rate, the payment of the places) as are said sum of five pounds per man upon the whole number of not rateable private militia men directed to be raised within every county or to the county place, (hall be divided and apportioned between each respective thc^penalty is county, riding, or divifion, and each such respective city, town, tobeappor- and place, within the fame, as (hall not contribute to the said fioned be-  rate called The Cottnty Rate, in such proportion as the refpeftive

tween them m qU0tays paid to the: land tax by each respective county, riding, j e manner, Qr divifion, and by each such respective city, town, and place, and to be bear to each other; and the respective sum and sums fo afeer-raifed by a fe- tained and apportioned, (hall be raised by a separate rate and ^tbe^mr’s afleffinent, to be made within each such respective town and rate ?  place, in like manner as the rates for the relief of the poor are

made; to be levied and colleftcd within each such Refpeftive » .city, town, apd place, not rated tq the rate called The County Rate, by such ways and means, and with such powers apd regulation* for levying, collecting, and keeping the fame diftinft,

as

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 42.  263

as are prescribed in this ad for fucb respective coiinty or place; and the churchwardens and ovcrfeers of the poor of each such and to be paid respective city, town, and place, ihall, from time to time, pay over to the over the fame to the treasurer or treasurers of every county or PuWic*trct* place within which any such city, town, and place, as afore* nrer* faid, lies; in order that the said treasurer or treasurers may pay an<j j,jm to over the fame to the receiver general of the said county or place, the receiver together with the proportion of the said film of five pounds per general, man directed to be raifed, levied, and paid, within each county or place byrthis ad.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That in such cities. The like ditowns, and places, as are counties of themfelves, and yet have  *.°  **

no such rate or assessment as is called The County Rate, nor any

powers or directions for railing, levying, or colleding, the pro* towns, and portion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be yaifed by places, as are the county to which the said cities, towns, or places, are unit- cPunt(!e*m ed for the purposes aforesaid ; the directions herein before given tnThavc^no for railing, levying, and colleding, the proportion, and the said county rate* sum of five pounds per man, within such cities, towns, and places, as do not contribute to the county rate, (hall be pur-fued and followed in all such cities, towns, or places, as are counties of themfelves.

XXX.  And whereas in some parts of the kingdom there are towns which lie in two counties ; and doubts may arife, whether such towns are obliged to pay to both counties the sum of five pounds in lieu of every private militia man which shall not be raised by such counties.;

be it therefore enaded, That where any town lies in two coun- In towifo \yr ties, it shall be lawful for the said town to contribute their quota, inS,n.two for and in lieu of railing the militia, for that county only where ^contribrne the church of .the said town is fituate; and the deficiencies of their quora the rate, which the said town would have paid, shall be made for that coun-up by the county in general, and not by the divifiorror hun- XY ?nfy where dred where the said town is fituated.  fan*! Ureh

XXXI.  And be it further enaded, That if any sum or sums where any of money which ought to be paid by any such city, town, or city, town, place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid or place, not to the treasurer of the'refpedive county or place before the first contributors day of June in every year, according to the true intent and *°tle c^n^t meaning of this ad; the justices of the peace for such county or pay their place in which such city, town, or place, doth lie, fhall, and quota by t they are hereby required at their next Midfummer quarter fef- June in lions, to issue out an order to the overseers of the poor of each y*arf refpedivc parish or place within such city, town, and place, not ^cir^dlhm-rated to the county rate as aforesaid, requiring such overseers to mer feffions, ~ certify and return to the said justices at the next 'Udicbaehnas are to ifiue an quarter felfions, the several quota's that each parish or place °^dfr for cer-(within such city, town, or place, not paying to the county

rates, as aforefaid) pays to the land tax for that year; and such fefflon the re-overfeers of the poor are hereby required to make such certifi- fpeftive quo* cate and return accordingly 5 and upon such certificate and re- ta’sof eatfi turn being made* the said juftices, fo afiembled at their Michael-  gF*

on the churchward, ens or overfeers.

264  Anno nono Georgii IIL c* 43.  £1768-

their war- ifiQs quarter feffions, are hereby authorized and required (by rants there- their warrant, directed to any constable or tythingman within the fam?" rc*P^tee parifties and places) to cause the fame to be le-- -  vied by distress and sale of the good sand chatties of any church-

warden or churchwardens, or any overseer or overseers of the poor of each and every parish or place* within such city, town or place, not paying to the county rate as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chatties, after such sum or sums of money, together with the reasonable charges attending such distress and fale, (hall be fully paid and who are to be fetisfied; and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor reimbursed as (hall be reimbursed the sum and sums of money fo levied on by a P°°r # them refpe&ively, by the fame ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for . the rejief of the poor by any law now in being.

XXXII.  Provided neverthelefs. That if the militia (hall be raised in the manner appointed by Virtue of this a&, in all or

bedulyraifed, any of the said counties and/places, such respective counties dUbhargcd *# P*ace8 during the time the militia are fo raifed, be s * exonerated, freed, and discharged from the payment of the said fums; and the afleftments to be made in refpedfc thereof (hall, during such time, be fufpended$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.  And it is hereby enaded. That in every county and place, wherein the sum of five pounds per man (hall have been assessed and raised in manner as is herein before dire&ed,

mone^ UdtohC l^€ ju^*ces the peace of every such county and place (hall, v s ° without delay, cause such sum and sums of money to be paid to the receiver general of the land tax for such county and place, in manner as herein after is directed and required; which said sum or sums of five pounds per man, when paid as herein after is directed and required, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, in full discharge for the neglect and failure, for not having raised and trained the militia for such county or place for the year then next'preceding.

XXXIV.  And it is hereby enaded. That the treasurer or treasurers for each such respective county or place, who (hall receive the said sum of five pounds per man, (hall, and is and are hereby required to pay the feme to the receiver general of the land tax for such county or place, within one calendar month after he or they (ball receive the fame; and the respective receivers general of the land tax of each such county or place, to whom such money (hall be paid, (hall give a receipt for the fame to the person paying such money* whose receipt (hall be a sufficient discharge for such payment; and (hall, within ten

fuch payments days after the receipt of such sum and sums of money, certify to the trea-  Arch receipt to the lord high treafurer, or the lords commif-

ury*  fioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being; and (hall

forthwith pay the fame into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wefiminjlery and diftinguifh, upon every such payment, the monte* received by virtue of this *3 % and the monies fo

paid

rate.

Where the

militia (hall

from paying.

Where the

penalty has been aflefled

money be paid over forthwith to the receiver general.

Treafurers to pay over the monies received within a month to the receivers general,

who are to have receipts for the fame,

and certify

1768.} Anna nonb GeorgIi III. 042!  265

paid into the receipt of his Majesty*s exchequer (hail be kept lb- and pay the parate and apart from all other monies, to be accounted for f"on,es *ntov yearly* and every year, to parliament* and ,to.be applied and iu*rc*c C" disposed of as parliament (hall direCt.

XXXV.  Provided always, and be it further eria#ed by the No fee to be

authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever (hall be paid thereup-given or paid, for or upon account of any warrant which (hall  CJL“

be made out for any sum of money which (hall be paid into his €<luer Majesty’s exchequer, or issued in relation to. or in pursuance of

this aCt,

XXXVI.  And be it enaCted, That the commiflipners of his Receivers ge-Majefty’s treafury, or the high treasurer for. the lime being, are neral to be ah hereby authorized to allow to the said receiver general for such lo^edad.in county and place refpeCtively, in England, Wales, and Berwick up0n°dearUig upm Tweed, upon the clearing of his accounts, a (alary for his tbcir ac-pains and trouble, in receiving and paying in the monies re- counts; v quired to be received and paid by this ad, not exceeding two

penceJn the pound for fo much money as he (hail pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this aCh

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled. That the treasurer or Treafurersid treasurers of every county or place, as a recom pence and reward for his and their, pains and trouble in collecting and re-

, ceiving the sums charged upon each parifti or place in each re-fpeCtive county and place by virtue of this ad, and for giving receipts to the person or persons of when* they receive the fame, and for paying the fame to his Majesty’s receiver general, as herein before is directed, upon collection of the whole sum appointed to be collected by them, and payment thereof, as afore-faid, (hall be allowed the sum of one penny in the pound; which sum every such treasurer and treasurers is and are hereby impowered to detain, out of the monies received by him, before payment thereof to the receiver general as aforesaid : and High confta-that every high conftable, as a recom pence for his frpuble and bles x d. pains in fending out warrants and doing his duty therein, (hall be allowed and paid, by such treasurer or treafurers, the sum of one penny in the pound; and that every petty conftable, and petty churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or other person enaployed cf?n auWcSf, in collecting the said sum or sums hereby directed to be raifed, en^and^ ** on payment to the treasurer or treasurers of each county or place overleers, 1 d« of the whole sum directed by them to be raised within each iikewife.. of their refpeCtive (jiviftons or places, (hall.be allowed and paid by such treasurer or treasurers the like sum of one penny in the pound, as a reward for their diligence, pains, and trouble.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the trea- treasurers to surer or treasurers of any county, riding, or divifion, (hall, at be reimbursed any thne, be in advance in the payment of any sum or fonts of monies paid money to the receiver general of such county, riding, or divi-in advance by fion5 the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or

vifion, at their next general quarter feuions to be holden after at tj,e n£Xt any such payment, (hall, and they are hereby required to aflefc, quarter fef-and cause to be levied, a fufficieitt fora of money to seitefourfe **f°r

(\}Qhcomt* ratcs*

266

Anno nono Georgii III c.42.  [*768.

fuch treasurer or treasurers all fiich Aim or Aim* of money as he or they (hall have fo paid; to be alleged, colleded, andievied, in the fame manner as other county rates directed to be affefied, cdleded, and levied.

XXXIX.  Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That the justices of the peace for fiich county, riding, or divifion, at their said general quarter feffions, (hall, and are hereby im-powered to afiefs and levy, ih manner as is herein before di-and fo, with reded, on every city, town, and place, which is not contribu-rerpeft to d- tory to, or doth not pay to, the county rates of such county, towns&e. nduig, or division refpedively, such proportion of the money not contribu- (o paid by such treasurer or treafurers, as is herein before di-tory to county reded and required to be railed and paid by such city, town, and place.

Clerks of the XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace totranf. That such clerics of the peace of each respective county or place mit yearly to (hall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days next and receivers a^er the general quarter fcffions of the peace to be held after general, the twenty fifth day of Dumber yearly, to tranfinit to the lord high treasurer or to the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury signed copies for the time being,, and also to the receiver general of the land ot the certifi. tax for such county or place, a copy, signed by such clerk of ***** de,J?er* the peace, of every certificate which shall have been delivered ance of this 'n pursuance of this ad; and in cafe no such certificate (hall ,  have been delivered in, then such clerks of the peace (hall cer-

and to certify tify to the lord high treasurer or to the commissioners of his | where none Majesty’s treafury, and also to such receiver general, that no j j?avekeen de- such certificate from bis Majesty’s lieutenant, or any three de- ' livered, pUty lieutenants, hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the fame to the justices of (uch general quarter feffions, and thereon required, such justices to proceed according to the and what pro- directions of this ad; and (hall also certify what proceedings have been had at fiich general quarter fcffions, in relation to the thereupon at filing and railing the find sum of five pounds per man where the quarter the mintia (hall not have been railed ; and in cafe the justices fofliona, re- of the peace, at such general quarter feffions, shall omit, negating to tiie ]edt, or refufe, proceeding according to the directions of this thepenaitv’ a<^to n^e *he bud sum °‘ bve pounds per man in every coun-for not railing ty, riding, or place, where the militia shall not have been railed the militia, ’in the year preceding, then such clerks of the peace of every such relpedive county or place (hall, and they are hereby re-, quired, within fourteen days next after such general quarter sessions of the peace, to certify to the solicitor of the treasury the omitfion, negled, or refusal (as the cafe may be) of such justices to obey the orders and directions of this ad, and the names of the justices of the peace who (hall be present at such Solicitor of - feffions; and the solicitor of the treasury aforesaid is hereby di-the treanuy reded and required, on receipt of such certificate, forthwith to where Suffices proceed by such legal ways and means as may be requifite, most neglect their effedual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace doty therein, of fitch county or place, fo omitting, negleding, or refuting to

proceed

xj6%.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42:  267

proceed by such legal ways and means as may be requifite, mod effectual, and expeditious, to compel the justices of the peace of such county or place, fo omitting, neglecting, or refusing to proceed according to the directions of this aCt, to raise the said sum of five pounds per man in such county or place making default in'railing the militia as aforesaid, and to enforce the payment thereof, and due obdience to this aCt.

XLI. Andy for the better executing this be it further enaCt- Where the ed. That if the said sum of five pounds per man, to be paid as penalty (hall aforesaid in such counties and places where the militia (hail not be raifed, (hall not be levied, collected, and paid, into his ^chequer 5 Majesty’s exchequer, in manner as herein before directed; or pr perfoa if any person or persons (hall refufe, negleCt, or omit, to pay (ball refbfe his or their proportion thereof, or to perform his or their duty payment of therein, for railing and payment of the fame$ then, and in every <luota» *c* such cafe, every treafurer, high conftable, and petty con (table, or other perfon, to whom any such default of payment, refufal, negleCt, or omiflion, (hall be made, (hall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days after (uch default of payment, re- the fame is to fufal, negleCt, or omiflion, to him or them made, to certify be certified to the fame in writing, signed by him ot them refpeCtively, w^^{hep«ct-the reason or cause thereof, unto the clerk of the peace of every ****** such county or place wherein the fame (hall happen; and then, and by him to and in every such cafe, every such clerk of the peace (hall, and the solicitor he is hereby required, within fourteen days after, to certify the thc fame to the solicitor of the treafury; and, in failure thereof,fury» every such clerk of the peace (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum or two hundred pounds, to any person on penalty of who (hall sue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of re- *09.,#

> cord at Weftminfer^ or the courts of great session in the princi* pality of Proles* or the courts of the counties palatine of Chefler*

Lancajler, and Durham* wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and (hall and forfeiting1 also forfeit ills office, and (hall be rendered incapable of having, his office^ receiving, or holding, any office of truft, civil or military, un- and der the government; and the solicitor of the treafury, on the g*  *

receipt of such certificate, is hereby directed add required forth- treasury with to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as may be to compel requisite and mod effectual, to compel the payment of such sum payments, and fume of money, and also to compel such peFfons as (hall &c# fo refufe, negleCt, or omit, to perform his or their duty, as a-forefaid, to act in obedience to, and in pursuance of, the direction of this aCt, and to carry the fame into full and corn-pleat execution.

XLII.'And be it enaCted, That if anv clerk of the peace clerk of the (hall refuse or negleCt to receive, deliver, hie, make record, or peace ncgie$> transmit such certificates, as aforesaid, or any of them, accords jPS  ,

ing to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, every such clerk foifeits of the peace, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to any person who (hall inform or sue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfler* or the courts of great session in the Voi.. XXVIII.  T  pri-

268  Anno nono Georgii IH, c. 42;  [ 1768.

principality of ZfW/j, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chejier, Lancajlery and Durham, wherein no effoin, p/otedtion, wager of law, nor more than one imparlapce (hall be allowed 5 and his office, and (hall also forfeit his office, and (hall be rendered incapable and is incapa- of having, receiving, or holding, any office of truft, civil- or mi-. Jitary, under the government.

XLIII. And it is enadted, That if any receiver general, or

citated. Receiver ge-

his duty for feit* 501

and petty conitable »q1.

Recovery of fines, penal-

neral negieft- treafurcr, (hall wilfully omit, negledt, or refuse to do any such mg his duty. a^ or a($8 ag are required to be done by him or them for the better or more effectual carrying this adt into execution $ every forfeits tool, such receiver general or trealurer, fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to any person who (hall inform or sue for the fame in any of. his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfiery or the courts of great sessions in the principality of IVale^ or the courts of the counties palatine of Chejier, Lancaftjr, and Durham, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Chief confta- XLIV. And be it enadted, That if any chief constable (hall ble neglecting wilfully omit, negledt, or refufe, to do any such adt or acts as his duty for- are rCqU;rc(j t0 done by him for the better and more effectual carrying this adt into execution, every such chief constable fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, to any person who will inform or sue for the fame, the sum of fifty pounds; and every petty constable and other person who (hall in like manner offend, (hall, for every such offence, in like manner forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and levied in manner herein after mentioned and diredted.

XLV. And be it enadted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act impofed, the manner of recovery whereof ties, and for- ;s not ;n tliis adt particularly provided for, (hall, on proof upon not^therwik oath °f oflknce before any justice of the peace of the county or diredted. place where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by distress and (ale of the offender’s goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand apdfeal of such juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after dedudting the charges of such . distress and fale, to the offender upon whom such distress (hall have been made; and where the goods and chatties of such offender (hall not be sufficient to answer such diftrefs, such justice is hereby '  required  to  commit such offender to the common gaol: of the

pounty or place where the offence (hall have been, committed, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLVI. And be it further enadted, That the solicitor to the lord high treafurer, or to the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, (hall, and he is hereby directed and with dili- required, with all due diligence, to prosecute with effect all such feeders ge!8,juft»ces the peace, receivers general, treasurers, and other peral, trea- perfons, who (hall omit, negledt, or refufe, to perform their furers, and duty as afqrefaid, to qarry this adt into executions and to raise others, neg-  sum  cf five pounds per man in every such county or

•i  place where the militia (hall not have been raifed, or shall not

poqtinue to bp raifed, .according to t^e true iqtent anti meaning

4   :  «

Solicitor of the treasury to profecutej With dili

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c.42.  269

of this aft; and cause the fame to be paid into his Majesty’s court of exchequer, as herein before directed and required: and if the solicitor to the lord high treafurer, or to the com-miffioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, (hall wilfully omit, negleft, or refufe, to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers general, treafurers, or other perfons, or .

(hall wilfully delay to proceed, or (hall not prosecute with all due diligence and expedition 5 then such solicitor of the treasury on penalty of fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the 5001, for any sum of five hundred pounds, to any persons who (hall inform "M)* or sue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminjier^ or the courts of great sessions in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chejler, Lan-cafter> and Durham, wherein no effoin, 'protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; ana (hall and forfeiture also forfeit his office, and (hall be rendered incapable of having, of his office, receiving, or holding, such office for the future, or any other *nd ^t,nJLin* place or office of truft, civil or military, under the government. capa a

XLVII. And beitenafted. That in all counties, ridings, and where the places, where the militia has not been railed, his Majesty’s militia has lieutenant for every such county and place, together with any not been raif-two or more deputy lieutenants; and on the removal, or, in a.n a?0***! the absence of his Majesty’s lieutenant, any three or more dc- ^cldgof ° puty lieutenants, (hall meet at some city or principal town of lieuts. and d. the county or place for which they (hall be commiffioned, on lieuts. on the the second Tuefday in March in every year 9 and if there (hould V* Tuefday in happen to be no loch meeting on that day, then his Majesty’s Marcl 5 said lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his abfence, a"„jt°"f any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall and may, from time meeting, to time, as may be necessary and requilite for carrying this aft general meet-into execution, or any of the purposes hereof, fummon, or cause mg is to be to be fummoned, a general meeting, to be holden at the fame summoned for city or principal town on a day to be fixed by such fummons; Of a& mto^exe™ which day and place notice (hall be given in some weekly paper cution. usually circulated (if any such there be) within the fame county or place, seven days, at leaft, before the holding of such meeting.

XL VIII. And be it further enafted, That it any person aftu- pcrfon8 ferVm ally serving in any of his Majesty’s regular forces, (hall offer ing in the re-himfelf to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any regiment.gular forces, or battalion of militia; or if any person aftuallv inrolled and offering to serving in any regiment or battalion of militia, (hall offer him- [nroHed as self to serve and be inrolled as a substitute in any other regi- fobftitutes in ment or battalion of militiaj then every such person fo offend- the militia 9 ing (hall, for every such offence, or proof thereof upon oath and persons before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the inthe offencedhall be committed, forfeit and pay, to any person who militia^ offer, will inform or sue for the fame, the sum of ten pounds 9 to be ing'to serve levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chatties, or be inrolled by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, tendering fjj JJ™^*** the overplus (if any) on demand, after dedufting the charges of such diftr$I$ and fale, to the offender upon whom such distress forfeit 101,

T *  <haU

Anno none Georgii III. c. 47—53.  [1768.

turnpike road between Northop and Holywell; and from Avon Wen, to the town of Mold, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.  •

CAP. XLVII.

An aft for amending, widening,, altering, clearing, and beeping in repair, fevera I roads leading from the borough of Dorcheft^r, in the county of Dorfet, and for repealing fo much of an aft passed in the sixth year of bis present Majefifs reign, as relates to the repairing the road leading from Wool, to the said borough.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft passed in the fix-teenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Marlbbrough to Shepherd’s Shord; and from Beckhamp • ton to the top of Cherill Hill; and from Avebury to Beckhamp-ton,( in the county of Wilts ; and for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike ga/e at Avebury to Wroughton; and from the north fide' of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, in the said county.

CAP. XLIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the road hading from Mereworth Crofs, to the road leading from Seal fo Wrotham Heath ; and also the said road from opposite the bouse of William Dalifon ejquire, to Hadlow Street, tn the county of Kent.  J

CAP. L.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Gloucefter, towards Hereford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other roads near or adjoining to some of theJaid roads.

/ CAP. LI.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft passed in the feventemthyear of the reign of his late Majefiy,for repairing and

' widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Biffh Common, in theparijb of Harlow, in the county of ElTex, to Stump Crofs, in theparijb of Great Chefterford, in the said county.

CAP. LII.

An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of fo much of an !

v aft made in the feventeentb year of the reign of his late Majefiy, as relates to the road from the town of Buckingham, in the county of Bucks, to the north extent of the parish of Hanwell, in the county Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate.

CAP. LIII.

An act to rectify a mifiake in an aft passed in the eighth year of hit present Majefiy, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from Birmingham to Bilfione, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to fevetal coal mines 3 and to explain <md amend the said aft*

CAP,

1768.] Anno nono Georgii III. c. 54—61.

CAP. LIV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the twenty fifth year of his late Majefiy, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Monk Bridge, near the suburbs of the city ofYork, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in 'the North Riding of the county of York; and also from Spittle Houfe, in the East Riding of the said county * to Scarborough oforefaid.

CAP. LV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turn-pike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; and from thence to Newcaftle under . Line, in the county of Stafford; 'and from Shawbury aforefaidy to the turnpike road tn High Ercall, in the said county of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county; and from thence to the turnpike road, in Sandford, in the said county.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for continuing two afts made in the Jixth year of King George the Firfty and in the seventh year of bis late Mojlfiy for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one ftxth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that Jball be vended or fold within the town a/'Montrofe and privileges thereof for supplying the said town with frefb watery and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft for repairing the road from the town of Cirencefter, in the county of Gloucefter, to the tenth mile fione from Cirencefter at or near the east end of the town of Tetbury, and from the weft end of the churchyard in the said town ^Tetbury to a gate in the faia county near The Monument upon Landfdown.

CAP. LIX.

An act to impower the right honourable Sir Henry Cavendilh baronet % to Jhut up certain roads and a foot path in the parish ofDo-veridge, in the county of Derby; and. to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a new road and foot path in lieu thereof

CAP. LX.

^ An act to enable Edward Byrom esquire to complete a building inn * tended for a hew church in the town of Manchefter, and for mak~ ing the fame a perpetual cure and benefice \ and for other purposes.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for raising money to discharge detts contra sted for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Nicholas, in the city of Briftol; and to rebuild the fpirey and compleat the said church ; and for other purposes.

CAP.

Anno nono Georgii III. c. 62—72.  £1768.

CAP.LXH.

An act to rebuild the flnre-ball of the county ^/'Nottingham; and for uftng the guild-hall of the town and county of the town of Nottingham; for the purposes of a Jhire-hall in the mean time.

Cap. lxiii.

An act to enlarge the term, and sewers of two afts passed in the tenth year of King George the Firff ana the sixteenth year of his late Mojefly, for repairing the road from the north part of Harlow . Bu(h Common, in the parijb of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Eflex.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to continue and render more effeftualfeveral afts passed in the , fintb and twelfth years of King George the Firf!, and the twenty eighth year of bis late Majestyffor repairing the roadsfrom Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned ; and for repairing . and widening the road from Radwell Corner to the turnpike read at Arlefey, in the county of Bedford.

CAP. LXV.

An act to repair and widen the road from the Broken Crofs, in Macclesfield, in the county of Che^er, over the Long Mofs and Monks Heath, to the turnpike rood in Nether Tabley, in the . said county; and for turning and exchanging part of the fend road.

CAR LXVI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. Lxvn.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Scole Bridge, to the place where the east gate lately flood in the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXVIII.

An all for amending the road from Biihopfgate Bridge, in the city ^/"Norwich, to a Jlone formerly called the T wo Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caifter caufewayy two miles and a half Jbort of the town of Great Yarmouth.

CAP. LXIX.

An aft for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin, in the county 3/* Cornwall.

CAP. LXX.

ventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for extending the navigation of the river Calder to Salter Hebble Bridge, and to Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, and for repealing an aft for that purpose.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for the better eflabli/bment of the foundation of John Michel

eftnire.

. 1768.]  ,  Anno  nono Georgji III. C.73—S0."

efquire, in the Queen’s College in the univerjity of Oxford, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to enlarge the tend and powers of an aft pajfed b the thirty first year of his late Majejlyffor amending the road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other roads in the county of Wilts 5 and for amending Jeveral roads near adjoining to the fend roads.

CAP, LXXIV.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of the twenty third year of his late Mdje(ly% fot repairing the roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenfhaughbum, in the county of Haddingtoun,

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for continuing and rendering more effectual an aft for repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York, to Brough under Stainmore in tty county of Weftmorland 5 and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Cattle to Kaber Crofs, and also the road from Maiden Cattle to the coal works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King’s Pitts; and also the road from Barrow’s Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, tn the said counties 5 and also from Tan Hill and King’s Pitts to Beck Crooks* and Punchatt Pafture Weft Gate to Whaw Lane IJead, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to repeal fo much of an aft pajfed in the second year ofhispre-font Majestyffor repairing and widening tty roads from the White Pott ok Hafelden’s Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other roads in the county of Kent, as relates to the road from Golford Green to Tanner’s Vent j for enlarging the term and powers of the said aft, with respect to the other roads therein contained ; and for amending tty road from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenderden, through Rolvenden, to tty turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the said county.  '

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft for repairing and widening the road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town <?/Pwllhely tn the fame county.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Maidftone through Debtling to Key Street, in the pariftys ofBorden and Bobbing in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the Jerry at Hesfle, and from the Malton guide post to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in tty county of York.

CAP. LXXX.

An ait for repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham ’ *  ‘  v  Houfe

Anno nono Georgii HI. 0.81—90.  £1768.

Houfe, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.  .  .

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor in county of Derby, to Ellafton in the county of Stafford ; and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and Afhborne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

CAP. LXXXII. •

An aft for the more ejfeftual relief of the poor in the county s/*Devon.

CAP. LXXXIH.

An aft for laying open and widening certain ways and pajfages within the town of Birmingham 5 and for ckanftng and lighting the JlreetSy hne$9' waysy and pajfages. there; and for removing and preventing nuisances and objlruftions therein.

-  CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for building a bridge at Worcefter, truer the river Severn, and opening convenient avenues to the said bridge.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft for building a chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parijb of Stoke Damerell in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county ^Hertford, through Dunftable* Hitchin, Baldock, and Royfton, to the turnpike road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the wejl end of Wellbury Lane to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, andCambridge.

CAP. LXXXVlt

An act to continue and render more ejfeftual an aft pajfed in the thirtieth year of his late Majejly, for repairing the road from Hitchin, in the county of Hertford, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the road from Shefford way po/ly to the turnpike road at Henlow in the county */Bedford.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft for repairing the road from Stoney Stratford in the county of Backs, through the towns ^Buckingham ^Bicefter, to the town of Woodftock in the county of Oxford.

CAP;LXXXIX’

An aft for making a road from the south end of Blackfriars bridge to the present turnpike road cross Saint George’sfields^ and from thence to Jome place at or near the house called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the county of Surry; and for empowering the trujlees for carrying into execution an aft pajfed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majejly9 to repair, light, and watch the said roads9 when made< «

CAP. XC.

4$ oft for enlarging the terpi (tnd powers of two afts pajfed in the

third

1768.] Anno nono Georgii IIL c. 91—95.

third and twenty femd years of his late Mriefty* for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford, and for amending the reads to Lancloudy Hill ana Langua Bridge.

CAP. XCL

An^ aft to explain, amend* and render more ejfeftual* <tn aft' passed in the twenty seventh year of King George the Second* for repair-ing and widening the road from Leicefter to Narborough, and from Leicefter to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other roads* and for other purpofts in the said aft mentioned* fo far as the fame relates to the road from the borough of Leicefter to the town of Narborough, and from Leicefter ft Hinckley in the county of Leicefter.

CAP. XCII.

An act to amend an aft of the fifth year of his present Majeftfs reign* for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge ft Maidftone, and from Wat's Crofs to Cowden, in the county of Kent, fo far as the fame relates to the repair of the road from Wat's Crofs ft Cowden; and for repairing the roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurft Hatch Corner, and from Penfhurft town to Southborough in the said county.

CAP. XCIIL

An act to continue and render more ejfeftual two afts for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Counters Wear in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for repealing fo much of two several afts of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty eighth years of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county of Stafford in the pofi road towards the city of Chefter, through Woor in the county of Salop, to Nant-wich in the county of Chefter, and from Nantwich ft Tarpor-ley, and from thence through Tarvin in the said county of Chefter to the said city of Chefter, and for more effeftualh repairing* widening* and supporting the fame road; ana also for repairing and widening the road from Northwltch, in the said county of Chefter, ft the cross in Tarvin aforefaid.

cap. xcv.

An act to empower the trufiees of the will of the late general Pulte-ney, and other trufiees appointed by this aft* to purchase and exchange lands and grounds in the manor of Bath wick in the county of Somerfet, for the pwrpofe of making certain roads and ways to and ftom a free bridge by them intended to be built over the river Avon in the said county; and also to empower the persons in pof-fiffion of the said estate fof the time beings under the said will, to ‘*  grant

27*  Anno nono Georgii III. c. 95.  [1768.

grant leases ef ter tain lands and hotifes in the said manor; and liie-wife to enable the said trufteis to grant certain grounds and firings of water within the said manor of Bathwick, to the mayor, aldermen, and titizens of Bath; and for extending the jurisdiction ef the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of Bathwick; and for other purposes therein mentionea.

THE

Statutes at lajtge.

Annodecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the THIRD Seflion of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

BY

DANBYPICKERING, of Grab’s Inn, Efq;

Voi. XXVIII.

u

THE

S T A T U T E S at Large, &c.

Annoregni G E O RG11 III, Regis, Mag* me Britannice, Francis & Hiberni<e% decimo.

AT the parliament begun and belden at Weft* minfter, the tenth day of May, Anno Dorn, 1768, in the eighth year 'of the reign of our fove-reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Andfrom thence continued by several prorogations to the ninth day of January, 1770; being the third fejjion of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP.I.

An aft for continuing an aft made in the left fejftan of parliament, to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarcb, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An oft to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ft arch, and aljo the extraction of low wines ana fpirits, from wheat ana wheat flour, wbjch is thereby enacted to continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament; ana whereas it is expedient that the fame (hould be continued for a further time; be it therefore enacted by the King's molt excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual atjd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said aft shall remain, and be in full force and effeft, and is hereby continued, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the Kept session of parliament.

Va

Preamble*

Afl 9 Ceo.111. further continued till the 10th day after the commencement of next fe&ofc

CAP.

28*

Continuation may be abridged by parliament*

Preamble*

£ Geo* III*

U 5 Geo. III.

Aft 8 Geo. III. further continued to x March, 1771.

Continuation inay be abridged by parliament.

f

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.2,3.  [ 1769,

II. Provided neverthelefs, That the said continuation may be abridged or (horten'ed, and this aft, or any part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other aft or afts to b? made in this present session pf parliament. *

CAP. II.

An act to continue for a further time an aft made in the eighth year of bis present Majejfiy's reign* intituled* An act to continue and amend an aft made in the fifth year of th^ reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for Importation of salted beef* pork* bacon* and butter* from Ireland,/ir a limited time•* and for allowing the importation of salted beef * pork* bacon, and butter* from the British dominions in America, for a limited time,

"IT THERE AS at* aft was made in the fifth year of his pre-W sent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An att for importation of salted beef* pork, bacon* and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time: And whereas an aft was made in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, to continue and amend the said firft-mentioned aft '* and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions 'in America* for a limited time: And whereas an aft was made in the last session of parliament to continue the.faid laft-mentioned aft: And whereas it is expedient that the importation of alftbe said goods and commodities (hould be admitted for a longer time than is allowed by the said aft, made in theveighth year of his present Majesty’s reign: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said aft I made in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled.

An act to continue and amend an aft made in the fifth year of the reign  I

of bis present Majejly* intituled* An aft for importation of salted ‘ beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland* for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America* for a limited time, (hall continue and be in full force and effeft, until the first day of March* one thousand seven hundred and feventy-one.

II. Provided neverthelefs, That the said continuation may be abridged or (hortened, and this aft, or any p?rt thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other aft or afts to be made in this I present section of parliament.

CAP. III.

An aft for puniftring mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

1

CAP.

. ijfy.] ' Anno dedmo Georgii III. c.4;

*8$

CAP. IV.

AH aft for indemnifying all perfons, with refpeCi to adviftiig or carrying into execution bis Mdjefty's orders of council made for preventing the spreading of a contagious dijlemper amongjl the horned cattle, and for rendering the fame valid and effectual*, and for preventing suits in confequfnce thereof \ apd to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for a further time.

WHEREAS, upon divers informations received, Jhewirig, that Preamble;

an infectious dijlemper had broke out, arid continued to rage • amongjl the horned cattle in certain parijhes in the county of Southampton, and that several of them had died thereof j and further, that the parijhes in which the said dijlemper raged were very extenjrue,

. and contained many herds of horned cattle, feme of which were difperf-ed at conftderable difiances from others; and further, that certain horned cattle had been driven from places where the said infectious dijlemper had broken out, andjlill raged, towards London and other parts of the kingdom •, his Majejly, taking the fame intb confederation, and judging it to be a matter of the Utmofe importance to prevent, if . pojjible, the spreading of the said dijlemper, was pleafed, by divers orders in council, bearing date, refpeClivety the feventb, the fourteenth, and the twentyfecond days of December lajl to direct the lord lieute-nants andjufeices of the peacefor the several counties therein mentioned\  *  *

/ upon the firjl appearance of the said dijlemper amongjl the horned cattle in each of the said counties refpeCiively, forthwith to carry into execution the directions and regulations prescribed by his Majejly's said orders in council j whereby it was ordered, {amongjl other things) that they Jhould prevent the removing any horned cattle from infected places ; and that they Jhould cause such cattle in places where the infection had fpread, and also cattle coming from infected places, to be killed, and their carcajfes and hides buried, and treated in all respects in the manner prescribed by an order of his late Majesty in council, bearing date the twentyfecond day of March in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, firjl rendering to the owner or owners offuch cattle,  m

*what, in their judgement, Jhould be the full and fair value of them*, and his Majesty was thereby furtherpleafed to order, that the lords commijjioners of the treasury Jhould ijfue such fums,from time to time, as might be necejfary to defray all charges and expences occasioned by the said several orders, which said orders, for the intents and pur-pojes aforesaid, and the carrying the fame into execution, could not be . jufiified according to the firid forms of law, and yet were necejfary, and fo much for the service of the public, and their preservation againjl fo great anadangerous a calamity, that they ought to be jufiified by ad of parliament $ and all persons advifing, acting under, or in obedience to, the fame,, indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all personal adlioas and fuits, indictments, informations, *nd all profecu* pr0J£cufonf,

U j  tions

2&4

by reilbn bf any a ft done in pursuance of the recited orders of council, or contrail not performed,

aredifcbarged;

and tke defendant may plead the general iffue.

Double cofts.

His Majesty, with the advice of bis privy council, rm powered to continue the said orders in council, and to extend the fame to such counties and places as he (hall judge expedient,#;.

General iffue.

Anno declmo Georgii III. c. 4;  [1769.

tions and proceedings whstfoever, which have been or (hall be pro-fecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by rea-fonof any aft, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed or done, in relation to the premifes, or of any contraft or agreement not performed by means of, or in obedience to, such order or orders of council, be, are, and (hall be, discharged and i made void by virtue of this aft; and that if any action or. fuit | (hall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons ! for any such aft, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commdhded, appointed, or done* or such contraft or agreement not performed, I he, (he, or they, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft I and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plain- | tiffs in any aftidn or fuit fo to be commenced or profecuted, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, or if a verdict pafs, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their, double cofts, and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as in cafes where costs by law are given to defendants.

II. Andfor the better preventing thefpreading of the said infectious diftemper, and putting a flop to the fame, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most excellent majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, from time to time, to continue all or any of the said orders made for that purpose by his Majesty in council, bearing date the feventh, and fourteenth* and twenty second days of December laft, and to extend the fame to all such counties and places in Great Britain, and all other his Majesty’s dominions thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, as his Majesty in his great wisdom (hall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent the spreading such infectious diftemper; and all the powers and authorities, rules, orders, and regulations therein contained and inferted, (hall be in force, and the fame (hall be duly executed and obeyed bv all his Majesty’* subjects refpeftively, and are hereby eftablimed, and enacted and declared to be as good and valid in the law, tq all intents and purposes, during such time as the fame (hall be continued by this aft, as if the fame were herein repeated and expressly enafted; any law, cuftom, or usage to the contrary not-withftanding: and if any action or fuit (hall be commenced a-gainft any person or persons for any thing done in pqrfuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants, in every such aftion, may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this aft, or of some rule, order, or regulation, made in pursuance of this aft as afbre-faid; and if it appear fo to have been done,* then the jury (ball find for the defendant or defendants: and if* the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his action after the defendant or de-fendants (hall have appeared; and if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defend-

3«

1l 769.] Anno dfcdrhG GEdRGii lit. C. £—8.'  28£

ant or defendants thall and may recover treble cofts, and have Treble cofts. the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants ,hdth or have in other cafes by law.

III.  And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The powers the said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, here- ®c. hereby ' by confirmed and eRablifhed, (hall continue and be in force un- confirmed, to til the first day of November * in the year one thousand seven hurt- continue m dred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next

feffion of parliament.  ,f ,77°

IV.  Provided neverthelefs. That the said toptinuation of the un^s rcpcaj. said powers, authorities, rules, orders, and regulations, or any ecf or altered of them, may be repealed, abridged* or fhortened; and also that by parliament, the fame, or any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied*

by any other aft or afts to be made in this present feifiOn of parliament.

Cap. v.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majeity certaiti duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventy.

CAP. VI.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised id Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred aiid feventy.  at three /billings in the pound.

CAP. VII.

An aft for the regulation of his Majelly’s marine forces while on ihore;.

a

CAP, VIII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the Je+ yintbycar of bis present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to difcontinue* for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow* hogs-lard, and greafe.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament passed in the seventh year ^/Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to difcon- Aft 7 Geo, UTf tinu£, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard and greafe, which was to continue in force which was to for three years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand continue in seven hundred and fixty-seven, is near expiring: and whereas the al-  years*

lowing the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe^ for a further  7

time, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms: may it therefore pleofe your Majesty that it may be enafted$ and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the said aft, and all and every the claufes, provifions, pe- father cantk naities, forfeitures, allowances, matters, and things therein con- nued till tained, (hall be continued, from the expiration thereof, until Marop 177$. the tWenty-^fth day of March, one thousand seven hundred artd feventy-three,, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpo-fes, as if the fame were inserted and re-enaftcd in the body of this present aft.

U 4  CAP.

• $86

Freimble,

So much of -the alts of $&ioGeo III, as prohibits the exportation of malt, repealed.

Anno decimo GeorgiiIII. C.9—-14.  [1769.'

C A P, IX.

An alt for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day ot March, one thousand seven hundred and fevcnty.

CAP.X.

An act to permit the exportation of malt.

WHEREAS an aft was made in this present feffton of parlia-ment, for continuing an aft made in the loft JeJflon of parlia-menu to prohibit, for a further time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, andflarch, and also the extra ftion of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, whereby the said aft was continued until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next fejpon of parliament; with a provifo, that the said continuation might be abridged, Jbortened, altered, or varied, by any other aft or afts to be made in this present fejfion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient, at this time, to permit the exportation of malt; be it therefore enacted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, fo much of the said ads, or either of them, as prohibits the exportation of malt, (hall be, and the fame is hereby, repealed.

CAP. XI.

An act for railing a certain fom of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand feren hundred and feventy.

CAP. XII.

• An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of trealurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound, with WtUiam HiU and John Dyer, a debt due to the crown * from William Bye, for which they are fureties.

Preamble. Exchequer impowered to compound with William Hill and John

Ser, Sec. a debt due to his Majesty; on payment of which compofitiou, fir obligations to be discharged i but the bonds, as to William Pje and William Mills, not hereby vacated.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the inheritance in fee limple of the manor of Coflam, in the county of Wilts, with the rights, member*? and appurtenances''thereof, now held, under a demise by letters patent under the feal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in trust for Paul Methuen, Efquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his heiis, upon a full and adequate conlideration to be paid for the fame.

* Preamble. The King impowered to grant, by letters patent, to Paul Methuen, upon an adequate conlideration, the manor of Cojham, &c. Rents to be paid half-yearly into the exchequer, and carried into the linking fund.

, Manner of colleding the quit-rents, &e. not altered. The grant to be ~ . deemed good in law, notwithstanding ad i Ann*’, and reierved rents, Me. to ceafe. Refervatioh of rights.

CAP. XIV.

An act for paring, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon % and for regulating the carmen and porters within the ■ said town*

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii HI. c. 15,1 6l  187

CAP. XV.

./fo aft to continue an aft made in the last fejfion of par Ufa rnent, intituled, An aft for amending and further continuing an aft of the forth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act to amend and render more efffec- ' tual, in bis Majefifs dominions in America, an aft passed in this present fejfion of parliament, intituled* an aft for punifoing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS by an aft passed in the ninth pear of bis present ftwunble.

Majejiy's reign, intituled, An aft for amending and rar- A&9 GmIIT, ther continuing an aft of the sixth year of his present Majesty’s ' reign, intituled. An alt to amend and render more effellual, in bts Majesty'i dominions in America, an alt passed inthirprefentfejfion of parliament, intituled, An aft for punifoing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which alt was to continue and be in forte, in all his Mojeftfs dominions in force rill x+ America, from the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand Jeven March *771, ' hundred and feventy* until the twenty-fourth day fl/'March one thou- . sand /even hundred and feventy-one: and whereas it has been found necejfary that the said alt Jbould be continuedfor a further term : may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled > and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and bv the authority of the iame,Tbat the said aft foall be, and the tame is here- farther conti-by continued, until the twenty-fourth day of March one thou- till *+ sand seven hundred and fcventy-two.  Martbin*.

CAP. XVI.

An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections* or returns of members to serve in parliament.

WHERE) AS the present mode of decifitn upon petitions, com- Preamble.

plaining of undue eleliions or returns of members to serve in parliament, frequently obflrulis publici bufinefsi occaftons much expence, trouble, and delay to the parties} is defeliive,for want of tbofe fanliions and foleanities which are efiablijbed by law its other trials ; and is attended with many other inconveniences; for remedy thereof,

.be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and complaint of* commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the au- undue elec-thority of .the fame, That after the end of the present section of tion, Gfc.» parliament, whenever a petition, complaining of an undue elec- pr^f£t,l5r tion or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, Snfiderinr0* foall be presented to the house of commons, a day and hour thereof, foall by the said house be appointed for taking the fame into Speaker to confederation; and notice thereof in writing foall be forthwith give notice given, by the fpeaker, to the petitioners and. the fitting mem- th?eo^/lfn,v

hers,

order attend? ancv

•288

'Anno clecrrtio GeoRgII HI. C.rff. £17694

feers, or their respective agents, accompanied with an order to them to attend the houfe, at the time appointed, by themfelves, their oodnfel, or agents, bat not within  H. 'Provided always,That no fach petition (hall be taken into

oonfideratisD within fourteen days after the appointment of the Jt committee oommittee of privilege*.

of privilege*. III. Provided alfo,That the house may alter the day and hour

Houle may al- fo appointed for taking such petition into confiderationj and ap-

*eJ ft*'”“*.♦ point some subsequent day and hour for the fame, as occasion on like notice 5, „  .  1  ^  P  A.  .  .  ...  .  /

and order. (nail require; giving to the refpecuve parties the like notice of

fuch alteration, and order to attend on the (aid subsequent day and hcmr, as aforefkid.

Serjeant at IV. And be it further cnafled.That at the time appointed for arm*, before taking foeh petition into confidedtion, and previous to the readme onlCTof iRS M* ordor of the day for that pnrpofe, the (eijeant at arms the day 9 to re- (hall be directed to go with the maoe to the places adjacent, and quire the at- require the immediate attendance of the members on the bufi-tendance^of nefs of the houfe; and that after his rettorn the house (hall bd At Ws return, counted, and if there be less than one hundred members pre-hpufe to be 9 fent, the order for taking such petition into consideration (hall counted. be immediately adjourned to a particular hour on the following For want of day [Sunday and Chriftmas day always excepted ;) and the house t^dfown,”’ Audi then adjourn to the (aid day; and the proceedings of all * committees, subsequent to such notice from the said ferjeant* (hall be void: and, on the said following day, the house (hall tin too be pre- proceed in the fame manner ; and fo, from day to day, till there fent.  be an attendance of one hundred members at the reading the or-

- der of the day, to take such petition into confideration.

la orefence of  **  lt ®art*icr ew&cd* That if after summoning the

SOo, 1 members, and counting the house as afbrefaid, one hundred the petition- members (hall be found to be prefent; the petitioners by them-ers, &c. to be felves, their CQunfel, or agents, and the counsel or agents of the ordered to the filing members, (hall be ordered to attend at the bar; and then the door of the house (hall be locked, and no member (hall be suffered to enter into or depart from the hpufe, until the petitioners, their counfel, or agents, and the counsel or agents for the fitting members, (hall be directed to withdraw as herein after is mentioned: and when the door (hall be locked as afore-faid, the order of the day (hall be read, and the names of all the members of the houfe, written or printed on distinct pieces of parchment or paper, being all as near as may be of equal to be put into an^ rolled up in die fame manner, (hall be put in equal numbers into fix boxes or glafles, to be placed on the table for that purpose, and (hall there be shaken together; and then the clerk or clerk assistant attending the house (hall publickly draw out of the said fix boxes or glasses alternately the said pieces of parchment or paper,’and deliver the fame to the fpeaker, to be by him read to the houfe; and fo (hall continue to do, until forty-nine names of the members then present be drawn,

VI.  Provided always, That if the name of any member who (ball lucre given his vote at the election fo complained of as

aforefaid.

Names of the members

fix boxes or glafies,

to be drawn alternately, and read by the fpeaker, till 49 be drawn. Voting members at the de&km.

i 769.3 Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 1 &  289

aforefaid, or who (hall be a petitioner complaining of an undue or complain-election or return, or against whose return a petition (hall be then anti’ depending, or whose return (hall not have been brought ip fourteen days, (hall be drawn; his name (hall be fet afide, With the befetaude* -names of those who are absent from the houfe*

VII.  Provided alfo,That if the name of any member of sixty All above 60 years of age or upwards be drawn, he (hall be excused from ferv^ye^ old ex-ing on the select committee, to be appointed as herein after is cufed» mentioned, if he require it, and verify the cause of such requi-

fition upon oath.

VIII.  Provided alfo,That if the name of any member who has or those who served in such select committee during the fame session be drawn,

he (hall, if he requires it, be excused from serving again in any tee in the fame such fele& committee, unlefe the house (hall, before the day ap- feffion, pointed for taking the said petition into coniideration, have rer folved, thqt the number of members who have not served on unless the such select committee, in the fame feffion, is inefficient to fulfil number who the purposes of this adt, respecting the choice of such select com- ve^beinfuf-mittee.  ficient.

IX.  Provided always,That no member who, after having been Members ex-appointed to serve in any such select committee, (hall, on ac- cufed,(hall not count of inability or accident, have bein excused from attending be deemed to the fame throughout, (hall be deemed to have served on any have ferved. such select committee.

X.  And be it further ena£ted,That if any other member (hall Members ve-offer agpi verify upon oath any other excufe, the fubftance

the allegations fo verified upon oath (hall be taken down by the gations’to be said clerk, in order that the fame may be afterwards entered on entered 5 the journals, and the opinion of the house (hall be taken thereon ; and if the house (hall refolve, that the said member is un- amj, if the able to ferve, or cannot without great and manifest detriment house resolve serve in such select committee, he also (hall be excused fromthat they are such fervice.  unable, &c.

XI.  And be it further enacted. That instead of the members cufed« C fo fet aside and excufed, the names of other members (hall be ;nftead of drawn; who may, in like manner, be fet aside or excufed, and whom, others others drawn to lupply their places, until the whole number oftobedrawnto forty-nine members, not liable to be fo fet aside or excufed, (hall comPj*te tho be complete; and the petitioners or their agents (hall then name r *** ohe, and the fitting members, or their agents, another, from a- Petitioners tnong the members then prefent, whose names (hall not have may name been drawn, to be added to those who (hall have been fo chosen °.nc»and fit*

by lot.  bers sumther,

XII.  Provided always. That either of the members fo nomi- wbo for' nated (hall or may be fet afide, for any of the fame causes as those like causes be chosen by lot; or (hall, if he requires it, be excused from serving fet afide,

on the said (elect committee; and the party who nominated the member fo fet afide, or excufed, (hall nominate another in his or excused 5 Head, and fo continue to do as often as the cafe (hall happen, an<j othcra until his nominee is admitted.  named.

XIII.  And be it further ena<fted,That as (bon as the said for-

V

Anno deamo Georgii III. c. 16. [i ftp.

ty nine members (ball have been fo cbofcn by lot, and the two ®cm^crs *° ** thereunto (hall have been fo nominated as proceed o? y aforelaid, the door of the house (ball be opened, and the house other bufisds. may proceed upon any other bufinels; and lifts of the forty-laftsof the 49 nine members fo chosen by lot (hall then be given to the peti-en tothe tioners, their counsel or agents, and the counsel or agents for the petitioners, fitting members, who (hall immediately withdraw, together with. Sec. 9 the clerk appointed to attend the (aid feled committee; and the who, with the said petitioners arid fitting members, their counsel or agents, be-whfadnnrl° 8*on*nS on t*le Part of the petitioners, shall alternately strike off and to strike one °* t^e forty-nine members, until the (aid number (hall off one, alter- be reduced to thirteen; and the said clerk* within one hour at natdy, till the fartboft from the time of the parties withdrawing from the house dncedjtbCrC‘ (hall deliver in to the house the names of the thirteen members clerk vtithm t^len t«naining; and the said thirteen members, together with one hour, to the two members nominated as aforesaid, .(hall be fwom at the deliver a lift table, well and truly to try the matter of the petition referred to °*dthm5 w*th t^em» an<* a true judgement to give according jo the evidence; the nominees,anc* ^a^ a ^led committee to try and determine the merits of (hall be sworn the return or election appointed by the house to be that day taken a select com* into confideration; and the house (hall order the said feled com-snittee. mittee to meet at a certain time to be fixed by the houfe, which house to order t*106 shall be within twenty-four hours of the appointment of • them to mert the said feled committee, unless a Sunday or Cbrtjlmas day (hall in*4.hours, intervene; and the place of their meeting and fitting (hall be some convenient room or place adjacent to the houfegof commons or court of requefts, properly prepared for that purpose.

On withdraw- XIV. Provided always,That on the parties withdrawing as a-ing, the mem- forefaid, the house (hall continue fitting; and the said fifty-one part tiU meet- members, fo chosen and nominated, (hall not depart the houie, mg of com- till the time for the meeting of the said feled committee (hall be mitteebefixed. fixed.

Petitioner,^ X V. Provided always, and be it further enaded,That if upon Mmemberat drawing out the name of any member bylot as aforesaid, drawn^Tin- (aid petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, (hall defended for a clare, that such member is intended to be one of the two nomi-

nominee, and member contenting thereto, he is to serve as such, and another to be drawn to supply his placej but, on neg-Jeft of nomi* nation, deficiencies to be supplied by lot;

nees to be nominated by them refpedively, and if such member (hall consent to such nomination, the name of such member fo drawn by lot (hall be fet afide, and, unless objected to ?s aforesaid, be (hall serve as such nominee, and the name of another member (hall be drawn to supply his place, to complete the number of forty-nine members to be drawn by lot; and if the said petitioners or fitting members, or their agents, (hall not respectively nominate a member then prefent, who (hall be admitted according to the directions of this ad, then the want of such nomination (hall be fupplied, by drawing out, instead thereof, the name, of one or two members, as the cafe (hall require; who (hall be drawn,by lot in the like manner, and subject to the like ob-jedions and excufe$,as the other forty-nine members alreadydrawn by lot, and (hall be added to the lifts of the said forty-nine members, and (ball be liable to be (truck off in the fame manner; leav-4

‘1769.3 Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 16.  291

ing always the number of fifteen members in the whole, and no leaving always more, as a feleCt committee for the purposes aforefaid.  15 as a feleCt

XVI.  ' And) for the greater dispatch and certainty in the proceed- committee. ing herein before deferibed; be it further ena&ed, That the names Previous to of all the members fo written and rolled up as herein before di- taking peti-redied, fba]l, previous to the day appointed for taking any filch*??11 con-petition into conlideration, be prepared by the said clerk or ^ ” on* clerk affiftant, and by him put into a box or parcel in the pre-

fence of the fpeaker, together with an atteftation, signed by the thc members said clerk or clerk affiftant, purporting, that the names of all drawn into a the members were by him put therein the  box or parcel,

day of  in  the  year

which said box or parcel the speaker (hall feal with his own feal;  *

and to the outflde thereof (hall annex an attestation (igned

bimfelf, purporting, that the said box’or parcel was on the arteftthemak-

day of  ing up thereof

In the year  '  made  up  in  his prefence, in inhisprefence.

the manner directed by this aft; and that as soon as the parties (hall be withdrawn as aforesaid, and before the house (hall cn- Nagies of ter on any other bufinefs, any member may require, that the™ember8 *** names of all the members, which'remain undrawn, (hall drawn and read aloud by the said clerk or clerk affiftant.  clerk.

XVII.  And be it further enaCted, That the said feleCt com* chairman to * mittee (hall, on their meeting, eleCfc a chairman from among such be elected out pf the members thereof as have been chosen by Jot; and if, in °f

the election of a chairman, there be an equal number of voices, jjj cafeof the member whose name was first drawn in the house (hall have equality in ~ a carting voice; fo likewife, in cafe there (hould ever be occasion election, for electing a new chairman, on the death or necessary absence member first pf the chairman first defied.  “  ^  ^

XVIII. And be it further enafied, That the said felefi corn-

drawn to have a calling voice.

SeleCl com-

mittee (hall have power to fend for perfons, papers and records; mittec jm-hod riiall examine all the witnesses who come before them upon powered to ' oath; and (hall try the merits of the return, or elefiion, or both; fend for per-and (hall determine, by a majority of voices of the said felefi fons> .&c- . Committee, whether the petitioners or the fitting members, or n*fl{£*nc W1 * pither of them, be duly returned or defied, or whether the elec- and determine tion be void; whidh determination (hall be final between the finally, parties to all intents and purposes: and the houfe, on bring in- House there-' formed thereof by the chairman of the said felefi committee, (hall upon to con-order the fame to be entered in their journals, and give the ne- firm, or after, ceflary directions fdr confirming or altering the return, or for the.'et°rl15. the iffiiing a new writ for a new election, or for carrying the (aid for new elec-determidatioh into execution, as the cafe may require.  *tion.

XIX.  And be it further enaCted, That the said feleCt com- Select committee (hall fit every day (Sunday and Ch'rijhnds day .only except- mittee not to ed) and fhafl never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-rtjur^“^®r hours, unless a Sunday or Cbriftmas day intervene, without leave h^^without, first obtained from the houfe, upon motion, and special cause leave/ ^ffigned for a longer adjournment; hnd in,cafe the house (hall ft house theft be fitting at the time to which the fw) fcjeCt committee is ad-

!  ‘  journey  fayed.

392  Aiuiodedmo  Georgii  III.  c.16.  [1769-

•nd m°d°n joumed, then the bufinefe of the bouse (hall be flayed, and a. ther adbnrn- mo^on lhall be made for a further adjournment, for any time, meat. * to be fixed by the boufe, not exceeding twenty four hours, un-* less a Sunday or Cbrifimas day intervene.

Sunday or XX. And be it further ena&ed, That where the time prefcrib-Cbriftmai day ed by this adt for the meeting, fitting, or adjournment of the intervening faid'feledt committee, (hall, by the intervention of a Sunday or 3eemedin» Cbrifimas day, exceed twenty four hours, such meeting, fitting, eluded. or adjournment, shall be within twenty four hours from the time .of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive of such Sunday or Cbrifimas day.

SeleftcoB>» XXI. And be it farther enadted, That no member of the iwt to absent select committee (hall be allowed to absent himself from the without leave, fame, without leave obtained from the houfe, or an excuse allowed nor commit- by the house at the next fitting thereof, on (pedal cause (hewn *vf t0hfit,htl11 an<* ver*^e^ uPon oath; and the said select committee (hall never not leave, *be fit, until all the members to whom such leave has not been met. * granted, nor excuse allowed, are met; and in cafe they (hall not On failure of all meet within one hour after the time to which the said feledt

meeting with- committee (hall have been adjourned, a farther adjournment afarther^- be made in the manner as before direded, and reported, iournment to with the cause thereof, to the houfe.

made, and reported with the cause thereof.

Chairman, at XXII. And be it farther enadted, That the chairman of the itext meeting, said select committee (hall, at the next meeting of the houfe, al-*k" ways report the name of every member thereof who (hall have whoam to be been absent therefrom without such leave dr excuse as aforefaid; directed to *t- and such member (hall be directed to attend the house at the tefid next fit- pext fitting thereof, and (hall then be ordered to be taken into 1 ,  .  the cufiody of the serjeant at arms attending the houfe, for fuch

*rn^eft of his duty, and'otherwife punished or censured at the diferetion, discretion of the houfe; unless it (hall appear to the houfe, by facts unless absence specially dated and verified upon oath, that such member was, voidablUna" ^ a  accident,  or by ppcefiity, prevented from attending

the said feletSk committee.

If 13 do not XXIII. And be it further enadted, That if more than two attend, com- members of the (aid select committee (hall on any account be mittee to ad- absent therefrom, the said select committee (hall adjourn in the journ; manner herein before ditedted; and. (b, from time to time, until thirteen members are aflpmbled. jf less for 3  XXIV. And be it farther enadted, That in cafe the number

day*»  of members able to attend the said select committee (hall, by

death or other wife, be unavoidably reduced to lese than thirteen, then to be dif- and (hall fo continue for the space of three fitting days, the said solved and an fe]cft committee (hail be difiolved, and another chosen to try and aiufpaft pro"-’ determine the matter of such petition in manner aforefaid; and ceedings to all the proceedings of the said former select committee (hall be be void. void and of no effedt.

Refolutioni of XXV. And be it farther enadted. That if the said select com-othe™han m*t,ee shall come to any resolution other than the determination determination above mentjoned, they (hall, if they think proper, report the pf pomplainf,  (|?n?

'i 7^9*3 Anno dedmo GeorGII III. C.i6>

fame to the house for their opinion, at the fame time that the may be rechairman of the laid select committee (hall inform the house of  •  .

fuch determination; and the house may confirm or disagree maymtke°ort with fiich refolutian, and make such orders thereon, a* to them der thereon.* (hall seem proper.

XXVI. Provided always. That if any person summoned by Ferfons difo-the said select committee, lhall disobey such fummons; or if any beymg ®>m-witnefs before such select committee (haft prevaricate, or shall  'J***

othexwife misbehave in giving* or refusing to give evidence; the chairman of the said select committee, by their direction, to be reported may at any time, during the course of their proceedings, report by the chair-the fame to the houfe, for the interposition of their authority or man* cenfure, as the cafe (hall require.

XXVn. And be it further enadted, That whenever the said when com-' feledt'committee (hall think it necefi&ry to deliberate amongst mittee chuse themfelves, upon any question which'(hall arise in the course of *j> deliberate, the trial, or upon the determination thereof, or upon any refolu-tion concerning the matter of the petition referred to them as a-forefaid; as soon as the (aid select committee (hall have heard the evidence and counsel on both, fides relative thereunto, the room or place wherein they (hall fit (hall be cleared, if they (hall think proper, while the members of the said select committee Oli^on* to confides thereof} and all such queftions, as well as such deter-mination and all other refolutions, (hall be by a majority of chairman to-voices; and if the voices (hall he equal, the chairman mall have *catting have a caftine voice.  vote‘

XXVIII.  Provided always. That no (uch. determination as Nodetermina*

aforefaid (ball be made, nor any quefiion be propofed', unless *ion> u",ej* 'J thirteen members (hall, be prefent; and no member (ball have a norPaoyemem-vote on such determination, or any other question or refolution* ber to vote, who has not attended during every fitting of the (aid select com* who bat not mittee.  attended every

XXIX.  And be it further enadted, That the oaths by this ke * adt directed to be taken in the houfe, (hall be adminiftered' by tbg houfe, to the said clerk or clerk affiftant, in the fame manner as the oaths be adminifter-of allegiance and supremacy are administered in the house of ed by the commons; and that the oaths by this adt directed tq be taken cle^k■» . . before the (aid select committee, (nail be administered by the clerk f£e.thefel«ft attending the said select committee; and that all perfon* who committee,by (hall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in any evidence which the clerk, they (hall give before the houfe, or the said select committee, p*n.alties ott, in consequence of the oath which they (hall have taken by the (encie^there-diredtion of this adt, (hall, on conviction thereof, incur ana ftrf- to. ’

fer the like pains and penalties to which any other perfon, com* vidted of wilful and corrupt perjury, is liable by the laws and . statutes of this realm.

XXX.  And be it further enadted, That this a& (hall continue Aft to eon-in force seven years, and till the end of the session of parliament tinue for j pext after the expiration of the said seven years, and. no longer. 7ean*

9 A?t

294  Anno  deritno  Georgii  III. C.17.  \.l7^9‘

cap. xvn.

An act to repeal fo much of an aft made in the seventh year of bis present Majesty*s reign, intituled.. An aft for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America j for allowing a drawback of the dudes of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of *  coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the laid colonies

or plantations *, for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to America ; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, as relates to the duties upon glafs, red-lead, white-lead, painters colours, paper,

. pafe-beards, mill-boards, and feale-boards, of the produce '  i or manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of bis

• Majesty's colonies in America *, and also to the discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware, exported to America; and for, regulating the exportation thereof. \

preamble, re- TTTHEREAS in and by an aft pafjei in the seventh year of citing  V V bis Majesty's reign,' intituled, An aft for granting certain

A& 7 Geo. j. duties in the Brittjh colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exporta- 1 tion, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen-ware imported to America ; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations, it was, amongji other things enafted. That there Jhould be raifid, levied, coliefted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, certain duties upon glafs, red-lead, whtte-lead, painters colours, and upon the several forts of paper therein mentioned} as also upon all paf e-board, milt-board and ftale-board, which Jhould be imported into any colony or plantation in America, under the dominion of bis Majejly, his heirs and successors : and whereas the said duties, in fo far as they affect the produce and ‘manufafture of Great Britain, da in their nature tend to the prejudice and discouragement thereof, and arc therefore contrary to the true principles of commerce: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that jt may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King's most excSllent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. After Dec. t, That from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven *77°>  hundred and feventy, fo much of the said before-recited aft as

relates to the duties thereby granted upon the respective goods - herein before mentioned, such goods being of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, fhall, in respect of til such of the said goods as are of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain i

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c*i8.  295

/<«*, lie, and the lame is hereby repealed and made void, to all repealed, intents and purposes whatfoever.

IL And whereas, in and by the said before-recited aft> it was also aa 7 Geo. a. further enabled, that no drawback shall be allowed for any china disallowing a* eartben+ware, fold after the faffing of that obi at the Jale of the united drawback os company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl: Indies, which cbma» shall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to any part of America: and whereas the allowing the said drawback, under certain rejlrittians, may encourage and secure the immediate trade of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and af- repealed* ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, the said daufe in the before-recited a& of the seventh year of his Majesty’s reign, discontinuing the said drawback pay-able upon china earthen-ware exported to America, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

IU. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the From Dec. 1, authority afbreiaid. That from and after the said first day of *77°> no December, no drawback (hall be paid or allowed for any china earthen-ware, exported or entered for exportation from this king- na exported,* dom, to any place whatfoever, unless the fame (hall be packed un|e6 up in the presence of a proper officer or officers of the customs in the presence appointed for that purpose, in some warehoufc belonging to the of a proper united company of merchants trading to the Eafl Indies wherein officer ot the the feme (hall have been lodged at importation, and (hall becttftomt* sent to be exported directly from fucb warehoufe, under the feal and care of foch officer or officers of the cuftoms; any law, cuftom, or usage to the contrary notwifhftanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for preventing the stealing of dogs.

WHEREAS the practice of stealing dogs hath of late years Preamble.

greatly increa/ed: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enabled $ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the first day of May* one thousand seven After 1 May, hundred and feventy, if any perlon (hall steal any dog or dogs, 1770* person of any kind or fort whatfoever, from the owner or owners there- who (hall fteal, of, or from any person or persons intruded by the owner or owners thereof with such dog or dpgs; or (hall fell, buy, receive,'/yi, buy, or harbour, detain, or keep, any dog or dogs of any kind or fort detain any whatfoever, knowing the fame to have been stolen as aforesaid $ i every such perfon, upon being convicted thereof upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, or by his or her own confeffion, befofre any two or more jufticesof the peace for any ebunty, riding* divifion, or place, Jhall, for the first offence, for- for first of-feit and pay such sum of money not exceeding thirty pounds, nor fence to forfeit less than twenty pounds, as to such justices (hall seem meet, to- not left than getber with the charges previous to and attending fucb convic* ^aVreiof Vox. XXVIII.  X  tjon,  conviction.

gaoL

months, and publickiy whipped.

296  Anno  decimo  Georgii  III. C.18.  [1769*

tion, to be ascertained by suchjuftices before Whom such offender •Til! penalty (hah be convicted: and in cafe fach penalty (hall not be forth-and charges with paid, fach justices (hall commit the offender to the comare paid, of. mon gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or wmmitted to ma*nPrizc f°r any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than fix calendar months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid: and if any person having been convicted as afore-faid, (hall afterwards be guilty of the like offence, and (hall be Perfon guilty thereof convicted in like manner as aforefaid; every such person ofafubkquent (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay such sum of money, tofe^not lefsnot cxcced*nP fifty pounds, nor left than thirty pounds, as to than 30I. and* ju(ttces (hall seem meet, together with the charges previous chargesi to and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such juf-trees before whom such offender or offenders (hall be fo conviCl-to be paid to cd: which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, (hall informer, and be pay^ onc moiety thereof to the informer, and the other c poor- moiety to the poor of the pari(h where the offence (hall be com-On non-pay- mitted; and, upon nonpayment thereof, fuchjuftices (hall com~ ^prifoned*!* rait t*ie °^cn^er t0 the common gaol or house of correction, months, and1 there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid; and such justices (hall al-fo order the said offender to be publickly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction (hall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock.

Juftices to II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it grant war-  (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty’s

Pr do0fearCllJu^ces tilcPcacc m or ^or any county, riding, divifion, or ftolen.8* place, upon information to him or them made for that purpose, to grant a warrant or warrants to search for any dog or dogs stolen as aforesaid, and fo cafe any such dog or dogs, or the (kin or (kins of such dog or dogs, (hall uponTueh search be found, to take and restore every such dog or dogs, or such (kin or (kins, to Perfons in  the owner thereof j and the person or Derfons, in whose cuftody

whole custody or poffelfion any such dog or dogs, (kin or (kins, (hall be fo found, liable found (in cafe it (hall appear that such person w^s privy to such pcnal~ dog or dogs having been stolen as aforesaid, or that such (kin or (kins was the (kin or (kins of any dog or dogs stolen as aforefaid) (hall refpeCtively be subject and liable to the like penalties and puniftunents as persons convicted of dealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject and liable to.

III. And, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this aft, be it further enacted, That all justices of the peace, be-drawn up the fore whom any. person or persons (hall be convicted of any of-foUovnng fence against this aCt, (hall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form* of words to the .fame cffeCt, as the cafe (hall happen j videlicet,

tie#

Juftices may cause to be

•i7^9*3 Anno dedmo Geokgji IU. C.19I  *>$7

BE it remembered, That on the  ‘  fcorro  of  coa*

day of  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  vision.

AB is convified before us of his Majtflfs jujlices of the peace for

the county of

(fpecifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was Committed, as the cafe (hall he)

Given under our hands and feah the day and year aforefaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Pcrfons ag. person (hall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done grieved inajr in pursuance of this adt, such person may appeal to the judices aPPeal to ,of the peace at the next general quarter-feffion of the peace to ^^cr‘icI be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint (hall arife, and within four days after the cause of such complaint (hall have arifen; such appellant giving, or causing to be Fourteen days gi\en, fourteen days notice at lead, in writing, ,of his or her in- notice of ap-tention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the P?**to ^ persons whose adls are complained againd, and, within two days glvcn*

•after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some judice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient fureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such cods as (hall be awarded by, the judices at such quarter- session : and the said judices at such feuion, upon due proof Juftices to of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into «»*• deter-fuch recognizance, (hall hear and finally determine the causes nane* and matters- of such appeal in a summary way, and award such a#ar<* cods to the parties appealing, or appealed againd, as they the *' said judices (hall think proper; and the determination of fuch'Their deter-quarter-feflions (halLbe final, binding, and conclulive to all in-  tP

tents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the ** a * matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convidtions of any offender againd this adl,

(hall be qua (bed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, and not be re-or any other writ or process whatfoever, into any of his Majedy’s *»oved by Cer? courts of record at Wejlminjier.  ttorars,

CAP. XIX.

An aS for letter preservation of the game, within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the game hath of late been much dejlroyed at Preamble, improper feafons, in that part of Great Britain called England : for remedying thereof, may it please your mod excellent Majedy, that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice ana consent of the lords fgiritual and. temporal, and commons, in this prefer# parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That After June <4, from and after the twenty fourth day of June> one thousand 1770, persons '  .  Xz  "  4  feven^^^F

$9®  Anno  decimo  Geqrgii III. c.19.  [*769*

hai*e, fee. be- seven hundred and feventy, if any person or persons (hall wiU fttdn *Ad  uP°n  any  Prctence  whatfoever, take, kill, or destroy any

iun-rSngi hare> pheafant, partridge, moor game, heath game, of groufe, in the night, between one hour after fun-fetting, and one hour or ufmg any before fun-rifing; or use any gun, dog, fnare, net, or other

foTdTftrofine?nSinc for takinS» kiUingi or destroying any hare, pheafant, game ;  1 6 partridge, moor game, heath game, or groufe, in the night as

9 aforesaid, and (hall t>e convicted thereof upon the oath or oaths* of one or more credible witness or witnefles, before any one or tmorc justice or justices of the peace, for any county, riding, for iftoffence, division or place; every such person (hall, for the first offence, to be impri- be committed to the common gaol or house of corredtion, there than months.to reina*n> without ball or mainprize, for any time not exceed-3  ' ing fix calendar months, nor less than three calendar months

For other of- and if any perfon, having been once convicted of such offence, fence, not left (ball afterwards be guilty of the like- offence, and be thereof than^ months; convj&ej jn manner aforefaid; every such person (ball, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of corredtion, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than fix calendar months; and (hall alfo, within three days from the time of his commitment, either for the first or any other offence, be once publickly whi j*ped in the town where such gaol or house of correction (hall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock in the day.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Stimd^safing from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand a gun or en- seven hundred and feventy, if any person or persons (hall, upon

a Sunday, take, kill, or deftroy, any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor game, heath game, or groufe: or (hall upon a Sunday use any gun, dog, fnare, net, or other engine for taking, killing, or destroying any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor game, heath on conviction, S3111®* or groufe; every such perfon, being convicted (hereof to forfeit iol/ upon the oath or oaths or any one or more credible witness or wit-nefies, before one or more justice or justices of th^ peace for any county, riding* divifion, or place, (hall forfeit and pay any furn not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than twenty pounds, as to to be levied by such justice or justices (hall feem. meet: and in cafe such penalty diftrefs, with (hall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices (hall by war-charges ; rant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, cause «the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such and be applied distress and fale; and the forfeitures, when paid or recovered as tq in former 'aforefaid, (hall be applied, one moiety to the informer, and the and the poor, other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence (hall For want of ^ave ^ccn committed; and in cafe no fuffident distress can be had, such justice or justices (hall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of corredtion, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

III.  And* for the more easy and speedy coHviflion of offenders a-

gainjl

and for each to be publickly whipped.

Offenders on

tine for de-ltroying game,

di it refs, offender to be committed.

1769 ] Ann6 decim© Georgii HI. c,ao.  299

gainft this a£t, be it further ena&ed, That all and every the jut may tice or justices of the pace, before whom any person or per- cause to be Ions (hall be convicted of any offence against this ad, (hall and drawn up the may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form following of words, or in any fond of words to the fame effedt, as the cafe lhall happen; videlicet,

BE it remembered, That on the  '  Form of con*

day of  in the year ef our Lari viaion-

A B is ttnviflea before me CD, one of bis Majeftfs justices of the peace for the county of

(fpecifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe lhall be).

Given under, my band and feal the day and year aforefaid.

» *

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfons ag-perfon lhall think himself or herself aggrieved, by any thing grieved may done in pursuance of this adl, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, .at the next general quarter-feflion of the j}onj. peace, to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint lhall arife, and within four days after the cause of such complaint lhall have arifen; such appellant giving, or causing giving 14. to be given, fourteen days notice at leaft, in writing of his or day* notice her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the person or persons whose acts are complained against $ ana againft. within two days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient fureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as (hall be awarded by tht justices at such quarter-feflion; and the said justices at fuen fef- justices to (ion, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, hear, deter-and of the entering into such recognizance, lhall hear and fi- mine, and nally determine the causes and matters of such appeal, in a fum- award roary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the said justices lhall think proper $ and the determination of such quarter-feffion (hall be final, bind- Determina-ing, and conclufive, to all intents and purposes; and no order tion to be made concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings tp be had, touching the conviction or convidrions of any offender against this a£t, (hall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process not to be whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft- removed by minfltr.  CmwrarU

CAP. XX.

An aft for the more eajy and speedy recovery of (mall debts within the borough of King** ugnn, and the liberties thereof.

x3

CAP.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.21,— 29.  [1769.

CAP. XXI.

An for the more easy and speedy recovery of final 1‘debts, within the partfhes of Poolton, Kirkbam, .Lythaifi, and Bifpbam, and townihips , of preefall and Stalmine, in the; county palatine of Lancaster..

cap. xxn.

An aft for better supplying the city of Wotcefter, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for the better paving and lighting the said city 3 and for removing and preventing all obllruftions and aimoy-. ances therein.

CAP. XXIIL

An aft for the more effeftuslly paving, repairing, cleaning, and light-. ing,- the ftreets, fquares, lanes, and other paflages, and for regulating weights and mealures, within the parish of Saint Mary, le Bone, in the county of MiddUfcx j and for other purposes therein mentioned. |

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for further continuing the duties granted and continued by (e-veral afts ra^de in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh year of the reign of Kipg. George the Firlt, for repairing the harbouF and key of Watchett, in the county of Bomerfet.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for the better paving, repairing, and clean (ing, the ftreets, and other pubiick pafTages, in the several pariihes and wards of Saint Michael,, Saint John, Holy’Khood, Saint Lawience, All Saints within the Bar, Ail Saints without the Bar, and East Street apd Bagrow, within the town of Southampton, and liberties thereof; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein j and for widening and renT dering the fame more commodious; and for the lighting; and watching the said streets and pubiick paflages.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for further continuing the terras and powers, granted and con* tinued by three afts patted in the twelfth, and thirteenth years of William the 1 bird, the tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of his late Majesty George theSecoftd, for recovering, fecuring, and keeping in repair, the harbour of Minehead, in the county 'of Sornerfet, and for the more effectual carrying the said afts into exe* cution ; and also for the better securing the ancient dues payable tQ the lord or lady of the manor of Minehead for the time being.

CAP. XXVII,

An act to enlarge the powers of an aft of the twenty-fourth year of hip late IVJajefty, for making the river Nar navigable, from the town and port of Kras's Lynn to Wettacre in the county of Norfolk, and for making the laid aft more effeftual.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Ettex.

CAP.. XXIX.

An aft tp explain, amend, and make snore effectual, an act palled in the fifth year pf his Majesty** reigp, intituled, An a& for the more iej'y and Jpeedy recovery of /mail debts nvitbin tie hundreds of Blackbeatb%

17^9*3 Anno decimo GeojCgii III.V c. 30.  .301

of Bromley and Beckenham, of KoktJUy otbemmfe Ruxfey, and Little and Lejfntfjy in the county ef Kewt\ and one other a& paflcd in the sixth year ot his Majesty’s reign, for extending the proviiions of the said act to ,

'the hundred of Wafiington, in the county of Surrey*

CAP. XXX. jin aft for rebUfying a mistake in an a8 made in the loft Jeffion of parliament, intituled, An a6fc for better fe-euring the duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out ports and other places to London \ for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty’s customs in the province of Senegambia inAfrica; for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on of- x faces and employments in Scotland, a proper compen-fation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in * rorefts, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and pnderwoods in forests and chaces *, and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

WHEREAS in an a# passed in the la/l fejfion of parliament, p^..mku intituled, An adt for better securing the duties of cu- AqW ftoms upon certain goods removed from the out ports and o-ther places to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty’s customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland, a proper cpmpenfation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies,' thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chaces, and private grounds, pnd of trees and underwoods in forests and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior' fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port of Kirkwall in the jfiands of Orkney, an a£l made in the sixth year of bis prefint Ma- and 6 Geo. j. jefiy's reign, therein intended to be recited and extended, is, by ptifieke, intituled. An adt for the better preservation of roots,

(hrubs, and plants, injlead of being intituled. An adt for the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods, and for the fgrther preservation of roots, Ihrubs, and plants: now, for Testifying the said miftake, be it enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and ponfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons," ip this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said adl of the sixth year of his present Ma-confirmed and jefty’s reign (hall, notwithstanding such mistake in reciting the extended, title thereof, made in the said adt of the last session of. parliament, be taken, deemed, and adjudged nevertheless to be me^it thfrfby, aqd confirmed aqd extended accordingly, as

X 4  "  to

r I

302  Anno dedmo Georgii III. c.31.  [1769.

to all and every the several claufes, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, matters and things in the raid acts or either of them contained, in the faine manner, to -all intents, conftrudtions, and purposes whatfoever, as if the said mistake had never been made or happened, and the title of the said a St of the sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, had at first been truly recited in the said aft of the last feffioa of par* liament; any law or usage to the contrary in any wife notwith-. landing.

CAP. XXXI.

An an far extending likeliberty^ in the exportation of rice from East and Weft Florida to the Southward of Cape Finifterre in Europe, as is granted* b former offs of parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

OrWf HERE AS the granting the like liberty, to export rice in VV the fame manner from bis Majeftfs colonies of ILaft and Weft Florida to the southward of Cape Finifterre in Europe, as is granted, by former aits of parliament, to the provinces ^Carolina and Georgia, may be of great benefit to the /aid colonies of East and Weft Florida; be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That After Auguft ^rom aru* a^cr r^c ^ay duguft^ one thousand seven hull-1, i77o, dred and feventy, it (hall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s fubjedts, in any (hip or vessel built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s colonies in America, or belonging to any of his Majesty’s fubjeds, and navigated according to law, that (haH clear outwards in any port of Great Britain for the province of East or Weft Florida, or in any pott thereof, to (hip or load rice in such province, and to carry the fame directly to any port southward of Cape Finifterre in Europe, without carrying the fame to any other of his Majesty’s plantations in America, or to Great Britain; under the Kke entries, fecurities, re-ftridtions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly deferibed, appointed, limited, or enacted for that purpose, in and by an adt palled in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to carry rice, from his Ma~ jtfly** province of Carolina in America directly to any part of Europe southward of Cape Finifterre, in Jbips built in and belonging fo Great Britain, and navigated according Jo law, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several claufes, powers, diredtions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present adt.

This act to II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid,’That ifi this adt (hall continue and be in force until the twenty* ninth

day

Rice maybe exported from the Floridas to the southward of Cape Finifr terre, under like regulations as from Carolina,

by act j Geo. s.

1769-] Anno dectnfo Georgii HI. fc.32:  303

day of September one thousand seven hundred and fevcnty-four, tju and from thence to the end of the then next feffionof par-Sep.19,1774. liament.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for defraying the expence of building the new office of excise in London, out of bis Majefifs revenue of excife•

WHEREAS by an aft faffed in the eighth year of his Ma- Preamble, jiffs reign, intituled, An a£t for carrying into execution reciting act an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and 8 Geo. 3. citizens of the city of London* and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brookfbank enquire, fecretanr to the commissioners of his Ma-jetty’s revenue of excife, for the purchase of Grejham College* and the ground and buildings-thereunto belonging, and for vetting the fame unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of ereAing and building an excise office there, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned; it is, mongfi other things, enafted, that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city London, and the wardens and commonalty of the Tnyftery ef mercers of the city of London, faall, within a time therein limited, pay or cause to oe paid unto the receiver-general of bis Majesty%s duties of excife, the sum of one thousand eighthundred. pounds* for and towards the ex-pence of pulling down the said college» and the building an excise qffice there 5 and that the receipt of fitch receiver~general Jba/l be a fsfficient discharge for the fame: and whereas a considerable expence, over and above the said sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds* has already been incurred, and mujl nectffarily be further incurred in erecting and building fash office for the managing and conducting the buftnefs of his Majefifs revenue cf ixcife5 and doubts have a* rifen, whether the commissioners of ms Majefifs treajury, or the high treasurer for the time being, are sufficiently authorized by law to direft money ariftng out of bis Majefifs revenue of excife, and in the hands of the commissioners of excife, or of any officers belonging to them, to be applied for or towards payment of the said expenses : now, for settling fitch doubts, may it please your Majefiy that it may pe enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirhua) and temporal, and oommons, in this present parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and Treaf . maybe lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty’s treafory, p^^Tto*" pr the high treasurer for the time being, and they are hereby direct the authorised by their warrant or warrants, from time to tkne, to commissioners require and .direS the commissioners of his Majesty’s revenue jfrXci{lto of excise for the time being to pay, or cause to be paid, out uf^nrc*yQfecx-the money in. their hands, or in the hands of their officers, all building new luch Turns as (hall be fo required, and directed by fadi warrant excise office \ pr warrants to be paid, on account of the charge and expence already incurred and to be incurred in creating and building jbe fcjid office of excise $ and the money fo paid, in pursuance wMch ^ ^

allowed them

$o6  Anno  derimo  Georcii HI. C.35.  [1769;

CAP. XXXV.

An aB to enable the governor, council, and offimbly of his • Majejlfs colony of New York, to pass on alt of affembhj for creating and ijfuing upon loan paper hills of credit to \  a certain amount; and to make the fame a legal tender in

payments into the loan offices and treajury of the said colony.

Preamble, re- W HE RE A S « *0 passed in the fourth year of his pre* citing ict 4. J ▼ fat MajeJtys retgn, tntituki, An a<ft to prevent paper Geo. 3. bills of credit hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty*s colonies or plantations in America, front being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now fubfifting, from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame, it is enabled. That from and after the first day ^September, one thousand seven hundred and fixtyfour, no order, refolution, or vote of ajfembly, in any of his Majeflfs colonies or plantations in America, shall be made for creating or ijjiiing any paper bills, or bills of credit of any kina or denomination whatsoever, declaring such paper bills or bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of any bar-. .  gains, conttafts, debts, dues, or demands whatfoever; and every

claufe and provision vAnch shall hereafter be infected in any aft, order' or refolution, or vote rf ajfembtf, contrary to this aft, shall be null and void: and whereas it is, at this time, necejfary for the public service of the colony of New York, that provtfion Jbould be made for creating and issuing one hundred ami twenty thousand pounds, current money of New York, in paper bills of credit, to be received as a legal tender by the loan officers of the said colony, for and during the term of fourteen years; and in the treasury of the said colony, for and during the said term, and for one year thereafter: and whereas doubts have arisen whether, under the terms of the said recited Jlatute, such provijion as aforesaid can lawfully be made: may it thereforepleafe your Majefy that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament General af- Ambled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and 1 fembly may may be lawful for the governor, council, and general afleenbly pass an act  of the said colony, to pass an a£t of the said general aflembly

for Wbing  for creating and issuing a futn, not exceeding one hundred

£ut^ey in anc* twenty thousand pounds current money or New York, in bills of ere- bills of credit to be put out upon loan, to be legal tender in dit i  payment at the loan offices for and during the term of four-

Ttmfameto teen years; and in payment into the treasury of the said co-be legal ten- lony, for colony duties, for the said term and for one year fcan^fficei thereafter; any thing in the afore-recited statute of the fourth and treasury year of his present Majesty’s reign to the contrary thereof in therefor 14 ^nv wife notwithftanding.

years, &c.  .  CAP-

i7<>90[ Anno decimo Georgii HI. 0.36#  3^7

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft far redeeming the capital or joint flock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten jhittings per centum, established by an all made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second> intituled^ An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be railed by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged oh the sinking fund, redeemable by. parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in tins kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in pursuance of an aft made in the twenty-ninth Preamble.

year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, reciting act intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two 2* millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries $ the said sum of two millions was raised for the public fervice; and it was thereby further enafted9 That the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two millions^ on which annuities* after the rate of three pounds ten Jbillings per centum per annum were to be at-tending, Jhould be deemed one capital or joint flock; and that at any time after the expiration of fifteen years, to be computed from the eleventh day ^February one thousand seven hundred and fifty-fix, and not fooner, upon fix months notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and Affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of ‘ parliament 5 and upon repayment by parliament of the whole principal sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, for which the said annuities were payable, to fucb respective persons or corporations as Jbould be intitled to the fame annuities 5 or upon the like repayment by parliament of any part of the said sum of oni million five hundred thousand pounds, Jo as fucb part of the sum fa paid at any one time be not less than five hundred thousand pounds ; and also upon full payment of all arrearagesx of the fame annuities% then, and not till then* the said annuities Jbould ceafa and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or reflation of the houfa of commons, signified by the Jpealer in writing., to be infirtei in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid.> Jhould be deemed and adjudged tq be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of the said aft: and whereas your MajeJly's most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled* have refalvcdy That the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, being the amount of the said capital or joint flock of the annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten Jbillings per centum, be redeemed and paid off on the twelfth day ^February, one thousand seven hundred andfaventy

cm>

308  Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 36.  [17%.

one: and whereas the speaker of the bouse of commons did, in pur-fuance of a refoluiion of the said bouse tn this fefjion of parliament, give notice by writing, inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, that the fame will be paid off and redeemed on the twelfth day of February, one thousand Jeven hundred and feventy-one, agreeable to the power of redemption in the said aft: therefore, your faithful commons, do mojl humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aiTembled, and by the au-Motices given Polity of the feme. That such notices as aforesaid (hall be, by the speaker and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be good and Efficient to be deemed notice or notices within the true intent ana meaning of the said aft, for the redemption of the said capital or joint flock of annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum, and the feme (hall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

The following  Add be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

films to be * That on or before the said twelfth day of February, one thou-fand seven hundred and feventy-one, there lhall and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of. the bank of England, the sum of one million five hundred thou fend pounds, out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this fefiion of parliament (except any particular aid or supply which hath been or (hall be in the fame fefiion specially and intirely appropriated to any other particular use orpurpofe;) which ^um ^e, ^ t^ie governor and company, applied and paid over for discharging the said principal sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sum of two millions, raised under the authority of the said aft made in no rcuccm twenty-n,nth year °f his late Majesty*s reign, and for re-ing attendant deeming the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum, attending on the fame.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the said twelfth day of February, one thou-fend seven hundred and feventy-one, there (hall and may, by by way of im- order of the commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of England> by way of impreft, and upon account, out of the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus-monies, commonly callus (ballbene- cd The Sinking Fund, such sum of moneyas (hall be necessary ceflary to dif- 'for the discharge of the said annuities attending on the said charge the sum of one million five hundred thoufend pounds, from the ui^n^on^he ^aY of January, one thousand seven hundred and feventy-Jbm of one, to the fai<* twelfth day of February, one thousand seven s, 500,0001. hundred and feventy-one inclufive; which sum (hall be applied IromsjMt. by the said governor and company in discharge of such an-Scfefive‘l77,#  *  nuiries

good and fuf-Ecient.

iffued to the bank,out of the supplies granted this fcffion, viz. Qn or before i»Feb. 1771* 1,500,0001.

*,000,000 1. raised by act *9 Geo. 1, and redeem-

annutties $

and fo much out of the sinking fund.

1769*] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 36.  309

nuities accordingly, at the fame time that the respective prin- Bank to apply cipal faonies, composing the said futn of one million five hun- the fameac* dred thousand pounds, (hall be paid and fatisfied; and that cordingly, all such annuities in refbed of, or attending on the fame, (hall and annuities cease and be extinguifned, from the said twelfth day of Fe- to ceafe. bruary, one thousand seven hundred and feventy-one.

IV, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Annu-ltje, to thority aforefaid. That if all or any part of the said principal be paid up to monies, composing the said fun\ of one million five hundred the day ap~ thousand pounds capital and joint dock hereby intended to be pointed for the tedeetned, (hall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England be-fore the said twelfth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and feventy-one, the said governor and company (hall Rotwithftaading the fame pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies fo difeharged, the full sum which the said annuities attending the fame would have amounted to on the said twelfth day of Februaryone thousand seven hundred and feventy-one; any thing herein, or in any other ad contained to the contrary notwithft’and-' ing.

V* Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar- This act not ed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained to extend to (hall be deemed or construed to extend to any the annuities the annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum attending on the sum of five hundred th&ufand pounds, being the refi- a>o00j000i. due of the said sum of two millions, raised by the said ad raifed* by act made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and there- *9 Geo-** by added to the joint flock of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and not hereby intended to be redeemed; but that the fame (hall continue futyed to a redemption by parliament,

-and charged and chargeable upon the said Sinking Fund; and  ^

(hall be paid thereout in such manner as the feme is now

charged and payable, as if this a d bad never been made; any

thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftand-

ing.

. VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho- No member rity aforefaid. That the said governor and company, or any 0fthe bank to member thereof, (hall not incur any disability or penalty for or incur any by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pur- disability in fuance of this ad.  refpectofthis

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,acu .That if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, be filed, molefted, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this ad, or or any matter or thing therein contained ; such person or persons (hall and may General iflue. plead the generalifitie, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdict (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff! or plaintiffs (hall discontinue his or their adiop, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given against him or. them upon demurrer or other*?

wife $

Jio  Anno  decimoGtOROlI lit C.37.  [1769.

'Treblecoft*. wife 5 then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aS for ccmtrnuing Jo touch of an aft made in the third year of bis present Majcfty's reign, intituled. An act to continue and amend two afts made in the twenty-firft and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty’s reign* for encouraging the making of indico in the Britijh plantations in America; and for extending the provi-fions of an aft of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty’s reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom* to Spanijh prize goods taken since the late declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British plantations in America ; and for explaining fo much of an alt made in the fifth year of bis present Majesty's reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America ■, and for extending the fame to the naval officers there.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS the law for encouraging the making of indite V V in the British plantations in America* is found to be very useful atsi beneficial to the publici, and is fo near expiring, that it is fit it Jbewd be continued; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majeffy* by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpirituhl and temporal* and commons* in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the Act si Geo.*. That an aft made in the twenty-firft year of the reigri of for encoorag- bis late majesty King George the Second* intituled* An a£i for ing the male- encouraging the making of indico in tbt British plantations in Arne- | Am " C0 r*ca* which was to continue in force for seven years from the n» enea* twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine* and from thence to the end of the then next session which was  parliament; and which* by another aft of the twenty-

continued by  eighth year of his said late Majesty’s reign* is further con-

fcveral fubfe- tinued from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoofand seven quest acts* hundred and fifty-fix* until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fixty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another aft made in the third year of the rSten of his present Majcfty, intituled. An all to continue and amend two alts made in the twenty-firft and twenty-eighth years ef his late Majcfty* s reign, for encouraging the snaking if indico in the British plantations in America; and for extending the provijions of an alt of the thirtieth year of bis late Majefifs reign, with refpelt to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanilh prize goods taken since the late declaration of spar with Spain* is further continued*

from

t y6g.] Anno decimo Geor&ii III. c. yj:  %  i  r

from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament$ (hall be, and the fame, together with all the provifions, regulations, reftridions, powers, and daufes mentioned'in the said last recited ad of the third year of his present Majesty, fo far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of indico in the Britijh plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration further conth thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven nue<i to *5 hundred and feventy-seven, and from thence to the end of theMarch 17779 the then next fefiion of parliaments

II.  And whereas by an aft passed in the fifth year cf the reign ofA& 5 Geo. j. bis present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty’s American dominions; for repealing the inland duty on coffee, imposed by an ad made in the tbirty-fecond year of his late majesty King George the fe-cond; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the Briti/b dominions in Ame- ' rtca ;) for altering .the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported ; for repealing part of an ad made in the twenty-third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron, made in the laid dominions, wal prohibited to be exported from Great Bri-tain, or carried coaftwife; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in the said dominions; in order to prevent any disputes concerning what fees the officers of bis Majefifs customs in the British colonies and plantations in America may be intitled to for mating entries or other buftnefs done by them in the execution of their employments, it is enabled, that until such time as the fame Jball be otherwise fettled by the authority of parliament, it Jball and may be lawful for all and every collector, and other officer of bis Majefifs customs in any British colony or. plantation in America, to demand and receive such fees as they and their predeceffirs were intit led to demand and receive, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fixtyfour, provided the fees fo taken are not contrary to the express aireftion of any aft of parliament made in Great Britain; any law, bye-law, or other aft of ajfembly, made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding : and whereas there have lately arifen, in some of the ports of America, disputes whether the officers of the cufioms were intitled to demand and receive such fees as were ufuaUy taken by them and their predecejfors before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fix-ty four\ and the naval officers not having been included in the said re- After 1 cited aft, disputes have arisen concerning the fees of some of the said  of the

naval officers \ be it enacted by the authority aforelaid, That from cuftoms, and and after the first day of Auguft, one thousand seven hundred and naval officers feventy, for and during the term of two years, and from thence i» the British to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, unless the fame colonies, may, fhallbe sooner fettled by the authority of parliament, every col -ledor, comptroller, and other officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, fees as were and every naval officer in the said Britijh colonies, (hall be usually paid deemed to be intitled to, and (hall find may lawfully demand before 19 Sept and receive such fees, as they and their predecefibrs refpedively17 *

Voir. XXVIII,  Y  wer*

312

Penalty on exacting greater fees. Application thereof.

Preamble, re-citing a& 29 Geo. a.

Anno decltno Georgii III. c. 38.  [1769.

Were and had been generally and usually accustomed to demand, take, and receive, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thbtlfahd seven hundred and fixty-four; and (hall have like remedy for the fame according to the true intent and meaning of the laid recited a&; any law, bye-law, or other a£t of af-fembly made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwith-ftanding, and if any such collector, comptroller, or other officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or naval officer, in America, (hall exalt, require, or receive any greater or other fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, he (hall, for the first offence.

forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety of which penalty (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to the person or persons aggrieved thereby, who (hall foe for the fame in the proper court in fitch colony or plantation ; and for the second offence, he (hall forfeit his place or office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment in the customs or navy.

CAP. XXXVTII.

An aft for continuing the bounties on Britiih and Irifh linens exported * for further discontinuing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j and for granting a bounty on the exportation of Britiih tbecQubd and jlriped linens, and upon Britiih and Irilh dhtpets, Hutka-backs, Jheettng, and other linen of above a certain breadth.

WHEREAS by an act faffed in the twenty-ninth year of bis late majesty King George the fecond, ihtitxitd, An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of Briti/b and Irijb linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yams made of flax, it is enacted, that there Jbeil he given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction whatfoever, a bounty for every yard of BrttiOs or Irilh linens made (f bemp, or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, sender the value offive-pence spa yard, the sum of one halfpenny 1 and of the value of five-pence per juris, and under the value of fix-pence par yard, the sum of one-penny; and of the value of fix-pence pur yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen-pence per yard, the sum of one penny ' half-penny $ which, from and after, the twenty-fourth day of June, ■one thousand seven hundred and fifty-fix, and within the term of fifteen years, to commence from the said tvbenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feffien of parliament, JbcifL be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, < Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the ifiand of Minorca, or to the East Indies: and it is further enacted, that from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, no fubfidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other tmpt-fitton whatfoever, Jbould be demanded, collected, received, or taken 'upon any raw or brown linen yam made of flax, and known by themames of Dutch yarn and French yarn, and of spruce or Mufcovia yarn, or any other foreign raw or brown linen yams made of flax, which /ball be imported into this kingdom; but that allfuch limn yarns /ball and may be imported duty-free for the space offifteen years from the -  faid

I759O Anno decimo GeoUgIJ lit. c. 38.  313

faid twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next Jeffton tf parliament; any former law,JlatuU, or aft or afis of parliament' to the contrary tutwithftanding: and whereas the manufacture of linen would be ftillfurther improved', and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be prefer ved and conjiderably intrcafed, if the bounties by thefaid alt granted, and herein before recited, were continued, and the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yams made of flax taken off for afurther term ofyears, and if a bounty that allowed on the exportation ofall BritUh cheeked and striped tinea of a certain value : may it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it may beenaftei: and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the ad-vice and confect of the lords spiritual and temporal, aqd commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- Aft. 19. Geo; rity of the fame. That the said 'aft of the twenty-ninth of his ?• for granr-late majesty King George the fecond, intituled. An aft fur grant-ing a bounty upon certain species ^Britilh and Irifti linens exported, of certain li-end taking off the duties on the importation offoreign raw linen yarns nent, fee. made of flax, and the bounties thereby allowed; and the taking off the duties on the iaportatien tf the foreign raw linen yams made of flax j)  >

(hall be, and the fame are hereby continued, under all the clau- farther con tiles, conditions, and limitations of the said aft, until the twen- nued till *4. ty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feven- Iune» *77* t ty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of efce£dhhtMa parliament, except in fo far as the fame are altered and extend- *tm* ed by this present aft in manner as herein after mentioned; any

a in the herein before recited aft to the contrary notwith-ng.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That bounty on _ there (hall be given apd paid, without any fee, reward, or de- certain British duftion whatfoever, a bounty for every yard of British checked SSrf iin«n» or striped linen of the breadth of twenty-five inches or more exported j and not exceeding one (hilling and sixpence and not under fe-ven-pence in value per yard the sum of one halfpenny, which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feventy-one, and within the term of seven years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the then next session of parliament immediately following the expiration of the said additional term of (even years, (ball be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the Baft Indies •, in the fame manner, and upder subject to tl» the like proviftons, conditions, and limitations, as the herein be- proviGon* of fore recited .bounties were allowed by the said aft of the twen- *9 Geo. s* ty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and continued under this prelent aft.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That linen of above if, upon view and examination by the proper officers of the cuf **■6- E*r y?r<* toms it (hall appear, that all or any piece or pieces of checked *ftled\oboun« and ftriped; linen, which (hall be entered for exportation as in- ty, titled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of a greater value than one {hilling and sixpence per yard; then, and in such cafe  ^

and cafes refpeftively, it (hall be in the power of the officers of,j.,r,m/

Y a  the

314  Anno  decimo  Georgii  III.  c.  39."  *  [176gi

the customs to take the said checked and striped linen, on pay-on paying id. jng to the exporter or feller the value of one penny per yard over Pftiyafd C an<l a^0VC t^ie e^mate<^ value thereof; in the fame manner, and lue^c! Va" fubjett t0 the like dispositions and conditions, as by the said be-*  #  fore recited'aCt are provided in the cafe of linen entered for ex-

portation as intttled to the bounty, which, on view and examination, (hall appear to the officers to be of greater value than one (hilling and iixpence per yard.

IV,  Ana whereas diapers, huckabacks, fleeting, and other species of linen, upwards of one yard Englifh in breadth, though of no finer or better fabrick or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth which are

•  intitled to the bounty by the said aft granted, are not intitlei to the said bounty if above the value of eighteen-pence per yard: and whereas it would be of greater benefit to the manufacture of diapers, huckaback\s, fleeting,) and other species of linen aforesaid, that a bounty be granted by the square yard upon the exportation of the fame to any of

A bounty of *he places mentioned in the said recited aft; be it therefore enabled id. aq. per by the authority aforefaid. That for and upon every square yard square yard of the species of goods aforesaid, being of the manufacture of “upon Qr€ai Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one (hilling and fix-d?aper, &c?of Pcnce the square yard in vajue, a bounty of one penny halfpen-BritHhor Irith ny upon every such square yard, and fo in proportion for any manufacture, quantity exceeding a square yard, (hall be allowed upon the ex-not6c™ec<iil>g portation thereof refpedtively, for such time, and in,fuch man-yard i'nPvalue. ncr» an<* under,and subject to the like conditions, redactions*

*  and limitations, as are preferibed by the said recited a6t of the twenty-ninth year of his said late majefty’s reign, and continued

,  by this present a<SL  '■

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for regijlering the prices at which com is fold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imparted.

Preamble.  \ X7HEREAS a regijler of the prices at which com is fold in the

V V several counties of Great Britain, will be of publick and general advantage: may it please your Majejly, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the justices of the peace for each Juftices at ge- county, riding, divifion, and ftewartry within Great Britain, (hall, neral or quar- and they are hereby required,’ at their general or quarter-fef-fer-fefllons fions, to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of September next after 29 one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and fo in every fuc-ep . year y, cee(jjng year dur;ng the continuance of this a<St, at thei$ general or quarter-feflions to be held next after the twenty-ninth day of 1° rtturns^o" September, to order and direct returns to be made weekly of the lie made of prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, and beans, from such and fo the prices of many market-towns within such refpeefive counties, ridings, diwheat, rye, vifions, and ftewartries, as they (hall think proper, not being le(s than two, nor more than fix market-towns ^within any coun-big, * ty, riding, or divifion, in that part of Great Britain called England i

i j6g.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 39  315

land; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the pri- ^om not left oes alfp pf that grain called Bear or Big ; and (hall and may also  6

direct and appoint a proper perfon, being an inhabitant of such markets j market-town, to make such returns from every such market- and to appoint town refpedfcively to the person to be appointed in manner here- a P®r^n *° in after directed to receive the fame; and in cafe the person ap- *acl1 ro“ pointed by the justices as aforesaid (hall die, neglect his duty, or Onbisnegledt, become incapable of performing it, any two justices of the peace &c. two jufti-adting for the county, riding, divifion, or ftewartry, (hall and ce* wayap-may appoint a fit person to make such returns, until the next to Sa^Sithe general or quarter- section of the peace to be holden for such fcoun- next general ty, riding, divifion, or ftewartry; and the justices of the peace or quarter-at such next general or quarter-fefiions, (hall and may ratify and feflions. confirm such appointment, or appoint some other person to make such returns until the next general or quarter-fefiions to be held after the twenty-ninth day of September.

II.  And be.it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Meal weigh-the meal-weighers of the city of London for the time being, (hall ers of London take an account of the prices at which wheat, rye, barley, oats,to make a and beans are fold at the markets within the said city, and return of th/average the average prices weekly to the person to be appointed to re- prices. S ceive the fame.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Juftices neg-in cafe any of the (aid justices of the peace (hall refuse or negledt

to appoint a proper person to make such returns as aforesaid, f© make the° then the lord high treafurer, or the commiflSoners of the treasury return, for the time being (hall, and they are hereby required to appoint treasury to ap. such person or perfons, as they (hall think proper, to make such Point one> &c# returns from such respective places; who (hall be paid in the manner diredted'by this adt, until the respective justices of the peace, at their general or quarter-fefiions next after the twenty-ninth day of September, (hall appoint a proper person for that

^ IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

the justices of the peace for each county, riding, divifion, and providcd, &c.

ftewartry, (hall cause a standard Winchejler bushel of eight gallons v 9

to be provided and kept at each market-town, from whence such

returns (hall be directed to be made; and such returns (hall be

the average prices of wheat, rye, barley, oats, beans, and bear

or big, by the customary measure of each respective market; and

alfo the average prices by the said standard or IVincheJler bufhel.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That J*rf°ns mak-every person making such returns (except from the city of Lon- Jo^paid out don) (hall be intitled to, and (hall receive such sum or Turns of Gf county money for his care and trouble therein, as the justices of the rates, peace fo afiembled as aforesaid (hall respectively order and direct, not exceeding two (hillings for each return, to be paid quarterly out of the publick rates for each cpunty, riding, divifion, or ftewartry; which sum and sums of money the treasurer of such county, riding, divifion, or ftewartry, is hereby authorised and required to pay out of the publick (lock of such county, riding,

Y 3  divifion.

316  Anno  decitno  Georgii  HI.  c.  39?.  [1769;

divifion, or ftewartry, upon receiving a certificate from the person authorised to receive filch returns, that the fame have beet!

• made according to the directions of this aft, and upon the receipt of duplicates of such returns; which duplicates, the per-Buplicates of fons making the fame are hereby required to deliver or transmit (rid befor* ** t0 clerfc t^le P6ace or his deputy for each respective coun-Juftjcesfy* rising, divifion, or ftewartry, four times in every year, to be timet a year, laid before the justices of the peace at their next general olr quar-ter-fefiions affembled.

who is to enter them in a book, and publilh them, or ab

treafury toap- VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That point a person the lord high treasurer or the commissioners of his majesty's trea-to receive re- fUry for the time being fhall, from time to time, appoint a fit turn? there; person to receive such returns at the treasury (the first appointment to be made before the first day of Augujty one thousand seven hundred and feventy, and published eight times at the least in the London Gazette;) and such person (hall, and is hereby required'to enter, or cause such returns to be entered fairly in a book or books to bfe kept for that purpose; and once in every week to cause the fame, or an abstract thereof, in the manner and ftrVftsthVeof, form that (hall be approved of by the lord high treafurer, dr any weekly, in the three commissioners of his Ma)efty*s treasury for the time be-London Ga- ing, to be publiihed in the London Gazette; and (hall also four andHkewife t*mcs *n cvcry year transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace 4timesayear, for each respective county, riding, divifion, and ftewartry, and terrify to the to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, of clerks of the the returns which have been made by the several persons ap-re^urn^made P°*ntcd to make the fame within such county, riding, divifion, from their re. or ftewartry; and also whether the fame were regularly made according to the directions of this aft.,  #  *

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the person appointed to receive the said returns at the treafury, (hall receive and fend all his letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner, and under foch reftriftions, as any person or persons appointed by the lord high treafurer, or commiftioners of the treasury for that purpose, now fend and receive the fame in pursuance of an aft made in the Aft 4 Geo. 3. fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for prevent* ing frauds and abuses in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of poJlage\ any law or statute to Account of the contrary notwithftanding.

corn*exported VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, anTim^orted, That the lord high treafurer, or the commissioners of the trca-and of boun-* fury for the time being (hall, and they are hereby required toor-ties and du- der and direft, that an account of the quantities of aH corn and ^ecefvcd to* ?rain cxPorte(l a°d imported from and into Great Britabt, toge-beTranfmitted l^cr with an account of all bounties and duties paid and reoeiv-annualiv by ed thereon, be transmitted annually by the commissioners of the com million, customs in England and Scotland refpeftively, and be registered *rSEn CiU<tjms in proper books to be kept for that purpose by the person ap-and Scotland, pointed to receive the returns of the prices from the several coun-Entries to be ties as aforefaid.

tpade thereof.  IX.  And

fpeftive coun ties, See. Perfon appointed by the treafury, exempted from poftage.

Anno dcrimo Georgii III. C. 40.  317

IX.  And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall have conti- Aft to conti-. nuance from the palling thereof, for and during the term of fe- ”uy^8,e ven years, and from thence to the end pf the. then next session 7 y of parliament.

CAP. XL.

An aft for appropriating a futfdy efiablijhed by an aft mado in the seventh year of the reign of bis pfefent Majesty, in-tituM% An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this king* dom, and for eftablilhing a fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of hemp and flax.

WHEREAS by an a ft pajfed in the seventh year of the reign Preamble re-of bis present Majesty * intituled, An aft for granting to his gJJJ* Majesty additional duties on certain foreign, linens imported in- * 3* to this kingdom, and for eftablilhing a fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of hemp and flax, it is enafted, that a „ sum not exceeding fifteen thousandpounds per annum, arising from the duties by the said aft granted, shall be kept apart in the receipt of bis Mqjefifs exchequer, as a fund for the encouragement of raising and drejfwg hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner as the parliament Jbould thereafter dir eft: and whereas such direction is now become requisite for anjwering the jfalutary purposes of the jhid aft: may it therefore pieafe your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it lhall ?nd may be lawful Majesty to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to ^Tie^the dlf-time, and at all times hereafter, by his or their royal sign ma- trtfmtioaof * nual for that purpoje, and countersigned by the commiuioners 8000I, per of his Majesty’s treafiury, now or tor the time being, or any num,&c. for three or more of them, Qr the high treasurer for the time being, (h^fmgand to direft, order, limit, and appoint, the distribution and pay- ctreffing of ment of the sum of eight thousand pounds per annumy from tne hemp and commencement of the /aid aft of the seventh of his present Ma-jefty, and annually afterwards, or of eight fifteenth parts of the sum and sums of money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and lhall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the encouragement of railing and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, pursuant to the directions of the said aft of the seventh purfaantto ,of his present Majesty, and every matter and thing necessary for the appropriation thereof, according to the true intent and0 7  *3’

meaning of the laid herein before recited aft, in such ways and manner, and in and by such (hares, proportions, and divilions, and under such conditions, reftriftions, and limitations, as to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, (hall, from time to time as aforesaid, appear to be most useful and effectual for the encouragement of the railing and dressing hemp and flax within that part of Great Britain called England.

Y4  II.  And

3*8

Aft i3 Geo,i*

Treafury to ifTue warrants tor paying 70001, annually, &c.

purfuant to aft 7 Geo. 3. to the receiver general of the crown rents andcafualties in Scotland, towards encouraging tillicries, &c.

Methods preferred by aft 13 Geo. 1,

to followed jn the diltri-bution of money ifTued under this aft.

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 46.  [176gl

II.  And whereas, pursuant to powers given by an aft passed in the thirteenth year of his majesty King George the Fir ft, intituled, An aft for encouraging and promoting fiiheries, and other manu-faftures and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, bis Majefly has already, by letters patent under the great feal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in plate of the great feal thereof, appointed, named, and autborifed certain persons to be trustees and comrti'tjfloners for managing and directing the application of the several funds and sums of money in the said ait provided and appropriated for the improvement and encouragement of fijbery and manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland : and whereas it will be of great publick benefit that fo much of the said fund fet apart for the encouragement of the raising and dre/s-ing of hemp and flax, as Jball be allotted for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jbould likewise be put under the management and direction of the said trustees and commiffioners, and other persons after mentioned: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer of Great Britain, and the commif-fioners of the treasury of his Majefly, his heirs, and fuccefiors, for the time being, mall, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue their warrants and orders to the proper perfons, for making payment of seven thousand pounds per annum, from the commencement of the said aft of the seventh of his present Majefly, and annually afterwards, or of seven fifteenth parts of the sum and sums of money which have already grown due ?nd been kept apart, and (hall hereafter grow due and be kept apart in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the en* couragemeqt of raising and drefiing hemp and flax in this kingdom pursuant to the directions of the said aft of the seventh of his present Majefly, as the fame (hall severally become due, unto the receiver-general of the crown rents and casualties in Scotland, without fee or reward, to be by him answered and issued in like manner, without fee or reward, to and by the order of the com-miflioners and trustees for encouraging and promoting fifhings, manufactures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and other persons after named in manner as herein after mentioned.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the fame plan or method, rules, and regulations, whereby the funds appropriated for the improvement of fisheries and manufactures by the said aft of the thirteenth of George the Firft, are ordered to be applied, laid out, and diftributed, (hall take place, and be followed in the application, laying out, and distribution of the sum and sums of money which (hall be issued under the authority of this present aft, to and for the encouragement of the railing hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the direction and management of the said trustees and commiffioners, in the fame manner, and as effectually, as if the several claufes, powers, provifions, rules, regulations, matters, and things, in the fyid l^ft-mentioned aft, refpeftipg the

3l9

17 69.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 41.

plan, rules, and regulations aforesaid, were repeated, and applied in this present a£t to the application, laying out, and diftribu-tion of the said sum and sums of money allotted for the encouragement of the railing and dressing or hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An act to enable the speaker of the bouse of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of fucb members as /hall die diirihg the recess of parliament.

WHEREAS many inconveniencies have happened, and many Preamble* disorders have been occaftoned, for want of more speedy elections of members of the bouse of commons, in the room of such who have died during the recess of parliament: for remedy whereof, .be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the end of the present After the end session of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for the speaker present of the house of commons for the time being, during the recess theqieaker of of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by proroga- the house of tion or adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue his war- commons, rants to the clerk of the town to make out new writs for eleSing members of the house of commons, in the room of such members Smts^makl who (hall happen to die during such recess of parliament, fo ing out writs soon as such speaker (hall have bad due notice of the decease of f?r new elec-fuch members.  tion#*

II. Provided always. That no such warrant (hall be ifliied by Deceafe to be the speaker of the house of commons, unless the death of such certified by member (hall be certified to him by two members of the house twomcmbersi of commons, by writing under their hands.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the and notified speaker of the house of commons (hall forthwith, after the re- j/theLondou ceipt of the certificate of the death of such member, cause no- Gazette, tice thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and (hall not issue his warrant till fourteen days after the insertion of such notice in the Gazette \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  Provided alio, and be it further enabled. That nothing Speak?r not to herein contained (hall extend to authorize the speaker of the unleTsYhe house of commons for the time being, to issue his warrant to rctuJ„ of the the clerk of the crown to make out a new writ for the electing writ for elec-a member of the house of commons in the room of any mem- tionofdeceaf-ber deceafed, unless the return of the writ, by virtue or which such member deceased was ele&ed, (hall have been brought into cr0Wn office the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the lead be- 15 days before fore the end of the session of parliament immediately preceding the end of the fbe fteath of fych picmbcr.  jSon?^

CAP?

Preamble, reciting the fe-vtrak qualifying ads of

S Geo. i.

*j Car. a.

»5 Car. a.

30 Car.

S Geo. 1.

9 Geo. a.

Anno decimo Gbgigii IH. a42;  ^17^

CAP. XLII.

An a8 to indemnify fucb persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qualify tbmfohes for offices and employments within the time limited by law* and for allowing further time for that purpose; for allowing further time for registering and inrolling agreements entered into for enelofing commons* for the purpose of planting and preserving trees for timber or underwood ; and for indent-nifying persons who have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and follicitors.

WHEREAS divers persons in the kingdom ^ Great Britain and Ireland, who* on account of their offices* places* employments* or profefjions* or any ether cause or occafion* ought to have taken and Jubfcribeathe oaths* or the affitrance refoe ftivety appointed to be by Juth persons taken and fubferibed* in and by an a# made in the firfi year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the FirJlj of glorious memory* intituled* An act for the further security of his Majesty’s person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia* being proteftants; and for extinguUhing the hopes of the pretended prince of fVales* and his open and secret abetters; or to have qualified themselves according to an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled* An act for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charts the Second, intituled* An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recufants, by receiving the focrament of the Lord's /upper according to the usage of the church of England, and making and fubfcribmg the declaration againfi tranfubfiantiation therein mentioned; or according to another aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled* An act for the more effectual preserving the-King’s person and government, by disabling papKls from fitting in either house of parliament; vr according to an aft made in the kingdom of Ireland, in the second year of the reign of her late majefiy Sfueen Anne, intituled* An act to prevent the further growth of popery; or according to another aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, intituled, An act for granting the people called quakers, such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another aft made in the ninth year of ibe reign of his late mayfly King George the Second* intituled* An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending fo much of an ad passed in the second year of the reign of his prefe'nt Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter fcffions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making

32t

1769^} Anno declmo G%orgii II!, c. 4^

ing and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation ; and for allowing a further time for mrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of protestant purchasers, deviiees, and lessees > or according to another aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, it Geo. *. An a ft to amend and render more effectual an aft palled in the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification of justices of the peace 5 or according to another aft made in the fecondyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, * Gco# 3*

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament,

the several laws now in being relating to the railing and training

the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; or

according to another aft made in the sixth year of the reign of bis pre- and $ Geo. 3.

fetit Majesty, intituled, An act for altering the oath of abjuration

and the aifurance j and for amending fo much of an ad made

in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled.

An aft for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentionea to persons indided of high  ,

treafon, or misprision of treason 5 have, through ignorance of the law, ahfence, or fame unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the said oaths and ajfurance, and make and fubferibe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify tbemfehes as afore-fail, within such time, and in fetch manner, as in and by the said afts refpeftively, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made is required \ whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabilties: for quieting the minds of his Majesty9s subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and for preventing any inconvemencies that might otherwise happen by means of fuck omifftom; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent maje- . fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every persons who person or persons respectively in Great Britain and Ireland, who, at, or before at or before the palling of this ad, hath, or £iall have, omitted th? Puffing of to take and fubferibe the faid1 oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the Lord’s fupper, or otherwise to qualify him, qualify them-her, or themfelves, within such time, and in such manner, as selves for of-in and by the said ads, or any of them, or by any other ad of fice» and em-parliament in that behalf made in Great Britain and Ireland re-  di **

fpedively is required 5 and who, after accepting any such office,' ^ place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing, 9 on account of which such qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the palling of this ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the usage of the church of England 5 or who, on and who (hall or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven J*”1* Jiyalify hundred and feventy, (hall take and fubferibe .the said oaths, ©/before***11 declarations, and assurance refpedively, in such cafes wherein Dec. 1770,5 by law the said oaths, declarations, and afiurancc, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, m such manner and form, and at or 4  &

222  Anno dec’uno Georgii III. c. 42.  [1769.

in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the {aid a<5t made jn .the kingdom of Iceland in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* or in and bv the said a£fc made in the first year of the reign of his late majeuy King George the Firft, or by any other a6t or a&$ of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland refpe&ively, in that behalf made and provided; and also hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the said twenty fifth day of Decemberone thousand seven hundred and feventy, .receive the sacrament of the Lord’s supper according to the usage of the church of England, in such cafes wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received 5 and hath or have made and fubferibed, or (hall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, make and ifubferibe the said declaration againfttranfubftantiation; and also hath or have made and fubferibed,, or (h^l on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, make and fubferibe the said declaration in the said ftatute-made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cafes wherein the said declarations ought, to have been made and fubferibed; and take and fubferibe the oath directed by the said ad made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cafes wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in such manner as by the said ad is directed; and also being a deputy lieutenant, or officer of the militia, (hall, on or before the laid twenty-fifth day of Decern-ber, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is by the said ad, made in the second year of his present Majesty’s areindemnl- reign,* required to leave the fame; (hall be and are hereby in-fied for any demnified, freed, and difeharged, from and against all penalties, such previous forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, incurred, or to be in-omiflion, curred, for or by reason of any neglect or omifiion, previous ’

. to the patting of this adt, of taking or fubferibing the said oaths tated^C*PaC1" or affurance* or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferib-’ ing the said declarations, or taking or fubferibing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace refpedtively, according to the above-mentioned adts, or any of them, or any other ad or adts; and such person and persons is and are, and (hall be, fully and actually recapacitated and re-? stored to the fame state and condition as he, (he, or they, were <  in before such neglect or omiftion, and (hall be deemed aqd ad-

and ail elec- judged t0 ^ave duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, accordion^ and a&s mg t0 the above-mentioned adts, and every of them * and that done, or to be all eiedtions of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such j done,by them, person or perfons, or bv authority derived from him, her, or dared to^b* as  are  an(* Audi ^ ^arne ^Qr^c a°d validity as the fame,

valid, as if or any °f them, would have been, if such person or persons re-they had be- fpedively had taken the said oaths or aifurance, and received fore duly qua- the sacrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubferibed the ldv<La**he  declarations, anjd taken and fubferibed the said oath, and

fkid several left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, ac-afts directs cording to the- direction of the said ads, and every 01 any of

.  jtheai  5

1769-] Anno decimo Georgii III. c.42.  323

them; and that the qualification of fach person or perfoits qualifying themselves in manner,%and within the time, appointed by this ad, (hall b$, to all intents and purposes, as effedual, as if such person or perlons had respectively taken the said oaths and afiurance, and received the facrament, and made and fub-fcribed the fajd declaration* and taken and fubfcribed* the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several ads before-mentioned, or by any other thing therein to the contrary notwithftanding. • .

II.  Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con- except in such

tained, (hall not extend, or be eonftrued to extend, to indem? ?^f-w?crc nify any person against whom final judgement (hall have been ^ent hafh"‘ given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any been given in of his Majesty’s courts of record in Great. Britain or Ireland re*- any court for fpedively, for any penalty incurred by having pegle&edto qua* the penalty in-liry himself within the time,limited by law.  .  ZVtJ&Z*

III.  Provided slfo, That this ad, or any thing herein con^ offices &c. tained, (hall not extend, or be cbnftrued to extend, to restore already avoid-or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, ed by judge-benefice, matter, or thing whatfqever already actually avoided by mentof a , judgement of any of his Majesty’s courts of record in Great Bri- j^lly filled tain ox Ireland refpedively, or already legally filled up and enjoyed, confirmed, by any other perfon, but. that such office, employment, benefice,

matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, lhall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or (hall at the palling of this ad be legally intitled to the fame, as if this ad had newer been made,

IV.  And whereas by an .aft made in the twenty-ninth yeat of the Ad 29 Geo.a* reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An ad

for inclqfing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for timber or underwood; and for the more eftcdually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees, it is, among other things, enafted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma~ jeftyyhis heirs and fuccejfors, and all other owners of wajles, woods, and pajlures, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein any person or perfons, or body or bodies politick or corporate kathjr have a right of common or pajlure, by and with the ojjent of the major . part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements, to which the said right of common or pajlure. doth belong 5 and to and for the major part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the ajfentof the owner or owners of the said wajles, woods, and pajlures; and to and for any other person or perfons, or body politick or corporate, by and with the ajfent and grant of the owner or owners of such wajles, woods,and pajlures, and the ma~ jort part in number and value of the owners and occupiers of such tenements, to inchfe and keep, in feveralty, for the growth and prer servation of timber or underwood, any part of fuch. wajles, woods, and pajlures, for such time, and in such manner, and upon such conditions, as shall be agreed by them refpeftively; and it is by the 7  faid

3*4

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.4%*  [17 6$*

faid aft provided, that the recompile to bo paid to any such owner or owners of fucb %vaftes, woods, and paftures, not having a fee fimplt therein,,or being dtfabled or refrained from alienating the fame, /ball he either by a grant of a Jhare of the profit which fall, from time to time, arise from the fide of the timber or underwood growing on ptbe ground or foil fi inclofed, or by a grant of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of an annuity or rent-charge, issuing out of the (aid ground or foil Jo inclofed, or out of other lands, tenements 9 or hereditaments; such equivalent to be held and enjoyed bp the owner or owners of fucb waftes, woods, and paftures, and such as Jball be intit led to the fame, in reverfion, remainder, or fucceffion, in like manner as the estate in such waftes, woods, or paftures, is limited to be held and enjoyed‘ and whereas it is in and by the said loft recited aft farther provided, that every agreement for any such intkfure Jball be in writing, and signed by the parties; and the fame Jball be regif-tered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, where such waftes, woods, or paftures, or the greater part ^f them, Jball lie, within three months next after the execution of such agreement: and whereas by virtue of agreements made, or intended to have been made, pursuant to the said aft, and another aft made in the thirty ftrft year of bis said late Majesty's reign, to amend and render more tffeftual the fame, divers parts of such wafies, woods, and paftures, have been enclofed, and are now kept in faveralty, for the growth and prefirvation of timber or underwood, and at a great expense have been planted with trees for ornament, Jhdter, or profit 5 but the persons making such inclosures have or may have omitted to have their said deeds or instruments of agreement registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace within three months next after the execution thereof5 and in other refptfts the powers in the said afts may not have been strictly purfued: be it therefore enacted by the authority a-forefaid, That every agreement purporting to be made pursuant to the said a&s for inclosing of any waftes, woods, or paftures, which have been already taken in and inclofed,(hall be of the fame forceand validity, and all and every the said inclosures (hall stand 45 Dtc.1770, and be confirmed and eftablhhed in the fame manner, as-if such to be valid, agreement had been registered and inrolled by the proper plerk of the peace, pursuant to the said a&$ provided such agreement bath been before the palling of this aft, or (hall be, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufend seven hundred and feventy, registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, or division where such waftes, woods, or paftures, or the greatest part of them, lie.

V.  Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, who think them-felves injured or aggrieved by any such agreement not yet re-giftered and inrolled, and where the lands inclosed in pursuance thereof have not been already planted with trees as aforesaid, to make complaint thereof by appeal to the justices of the peace at any quarter-feflions to be held for the fame county, riding, their determi- or divifion, within fix months after any such agreement (hall be

nation to be registered and inrolled in manner as aforesaid $ which (aid justices final,  gjg

Agreements for lands al-readyinclofed, if registered on or before

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the [aarter-fef*

ft

ions;

1769-*! Anno dfcdmo Georgii lit. c.42.  325

are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such appeal, and whose determination therein (ball be final.

VI.  And be it Anther ena&cd by the authority aforesaid, Inclofnre* al-That where any such inclofure, before the passing of this ad, made. hath been made by any owner or owners of waftes, woods, or waftes!'&jc.° paftures, by and With the assent of the major part in number with a Sent of and value of the owners of tenements to which a right of com* major part of mon of pasture therein did then belong, or by any other per-®wnewof fon or perfons, body politick or corporate, by and with the af- tenemen“» sent of the owner or owners of such waftes, woods, and paf-

tures, and the major part in number and value of the owners of such tenements; such inclefores (hall be deemed and adjudged to be deemed to be as legally mode, and are hereby eftaUifhed and confirmed a« legal as if in like manner, as if the major part in number and value of major part of the occupiers alfoof such tenements had thereunto afiented and aHbronftnted. agreed.  '

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where own-That where any owner of waftes, woods, or paftures, not hav- en of waftes, ing an estate in fee-fimple therein, hath, before the passing of this *c- n°t.h*v' ' ad, agreed and aflettted to the making such indofures of any

part at his said waftes, woods, or paftures, for the purposes a- shall have a. forefaid, and the recompence to be paid to fucb owner is by greed to in* grant of fomt annuity, but the fame is not in the deed of agree- clofure» . meat made a charge upon, or eftptttfed to be iffiting out of the said ground or foil fo indofed, or any other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as by the said recited ad is required; such the ncom-annuity fo granted shall be deemed and taken to be a rent-charge pence to be iftuing out of the said ground or foil fo indofed; and the said deemed a

agreement shall be as good, effectual, and binding, to all in-tents and purposes, as if the fame had been fo exprefcly men- the foil, ttoned and granted in and by the laid deed.

VIII.  And whereas matey persons have omitted to cause affidavits to he made, and afterwards to be filed ju the proper office, ofthe aShtal execution of several contrasts in writing entered into by them to feme as clerks to aitomies or follititors within the time in which the fame ought to have been fane; and many infants end ethers may thereby incur ‘certain difahilities: for preventing thereof and relieving fitch perfons, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every person perfon, wj,0 who, at the time of passing this ad, (hall have neglected or have omitted omitted to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be to make and made and filed, and who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of "ie ,daaf* r December, one thnufand (even hundred and feventy, (hall cause clerks to atone or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to tornies and be filed in such manner as the fame ought to have been made foilicitors, in and >filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, *ju.e *'"!** freed, and discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, fame by *5 incapacities, and aifabilities, -in or by any ad or ads of parlia- Dec. 1770, blent mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by rea- indemnified fon of such neglect or otnilfion; and every such affidavit and agamftthepe-affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or^‘,r^) °r* before the Olid twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven *

hun«

326  Anno decinto GEORGjr III. C.43.  [1769;

hundred and feventy, (hall be as effedual, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refped-ive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

Perfons sued  And  be itiurther enacted by the authority aforesaid,That

may plead the in cstfe any action, fuit, bill of indidment, or information, (hall, from and after the passing of this ad, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any person or persons herein before meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any luch neglect or omission or if any action Shall be brought against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this ad; the defendant or defendants respectively (hall General iffue. and ****7 plead the general iffue, and upon their defence give * this ad, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action (hall difcontmue the fame, or become nonfuit; or if judgement (hall be given against such plaintiff; then the defendant or defend-Treble cofU. ants in every such action (hall recover treble costs of fuit*

CAP. XLIIi;

An aft for repealing the duties upon bast or fir aw> cbip, cane* and horfehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials . for making the fame, imported into ibis kingdom* and for granting other duties in lieu thereof % and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of fitch goods.

Preamble, re- XX7HERE AS by an aft made in the feventhyear of bis Ma-citing aft VV jeftfs reign* intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty 7 Geo. 3. additional duties upon bast or ftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the fame, imported into this kingdom, a new duty of fix Jhillings was hid upon every dozen of bast or Jlraw* chip, cane, and horfehair hats and bonnets \ and a new duty of fix Jhillings was also laid upon every pound weight avoirdupoize of platting, or other manufacture of bast or ftraw, chip* cane* or horfehair, to be used in or proper for making of hats or bonnets, to be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties imposed thereon: and whereas, fence the laying of the said new duties, great quantities of the said goods have been clan-dejlinely and fraudulently imported and run into this kingdom, to the diminution of the public revenue* and the difeouragement of the fair traders: and whereas bast or Jlraw hats are rated in the book of rates referred to by the.aft of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and plat, called Bermudas plat* for nets, and jhavings for hats* are also rated in the additional book of rates referred to by an aft-of the eleventh year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Firfi; but the other articles herein before enumerated* not being rated in either of the said books jf rates, or by any other aft of parliament, the duties granted by former afts upon such unrated articles, are payable according to the value sworn to, or .  qffirmei

.1 »

1ATm6dec\rn6 GfcoRGii III;  323^

affirmed by, the importers ; which by experience has teen found to be very unequal, from the various values fixed by the importers on the fame species of goods: notv, for remedy thereof, and to put tie- trade '  %  v

upon a more equal foot, may it pleaje *ymr Majejly, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and  ,

by the.authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty* After 94 June*, fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fevehty, 1770, the du-the said new duties imposed by the said recited aft of the seventh tj«»here fnen-year of his Majesty’s reign as aforesaid, and all other rates and JJJ. rePca1-duties now payable by virtue 6f any other aft or afts of parlia* * ment,. upon bast or ftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair hats or bonnets, and upon platting, or other manufactures of bast or ftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair, to be used in or proper for mak-. ing of hats or bonnets, imported into this kingdom, (hall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable for the fame*

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That and old fub-in lieu of the said former rates and duties repealed by this aft, fidy to be paid all bast or ftraw, chip, cane, and horfehair hats and bonnets, r^esfollow-which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one ingj vj2. thousand seven hundred and feventy, (nail be imported or brought

into this kingdom, (hall be rated to and pay the old fubfidy

granted by the aft: of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth for halt or

year of the reign of King Charles the Second, according to the bonnets not

rates and values of twelve (hillings and fix-pence for every dozen,

each hat or bonnet not exceeding twenty-two inches in diamc- ter,.x*s. 6d/

ter; and one pound five (hillings for every dozen of such hats, per doz.

or bonnets as (hall exceed twenty-two inches in diameter each; and, exceed-

and all platting, or other manufactures of bast or ftraw, chip,  *

cane, or horfehair, to be used in or proper for making of pcr d02 * 5

hats or bonnets, which, frooiNand after the said twenty-fourth and for plat- x

day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, (hall be ting.&c. 6 s.

fo imported or brought into this kingdom, (hall be rated to, and

pay the said old fubfidy, according to the rate and value of fix*volr *

(hillings and eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois

and after those rates, for any greater or left quantity of such

goods refpeftively.

III.  And be it Further enacted by theauthority aforefaid. That Goods herein in all cafes where any of the said goods herein before enumerat- before enu/ ed were] before the making this aft, subject or liable to the merated, payment of the further fubfidy, one third fubfidy, two thirds 1 fubfidy, the,additional impoft, the additional duty on French

goods* the ftibfidy one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, or any of them, according to the respective values fet thereon for the said old fubfidy, or in proportion thereto; the fame to pay proper# (hall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one tionably ac* thousand seven hundred and feventy, be paid proportionably, cord»ng to according to the particular rate or value herein before refpeft-  fct *

jvely fet thereon tor the old fubfidy, and not according to any thereon for Vox* XXVIII*  £  ...  former  old fubfidy*

granted lame $

mad the powers and penal ties of the faid

Anpo decimo GHoRQti III* c. 43;  ^1769*

fprtner rate or value; any thing in any other ad to, the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties, &e. to IV. And he it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the several fubfidies, impofitions, and duties, upon the theafts which goods herein before mentioned, (hall be r^ifed, levied, edited the leded, paid, and applied^ in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several ads of parliament which granted or continued the fame refpe&ively: and all powers, penalties, provifions, articles, and daufes, therein contained, (hall afts extended4 continue in full force and effed, and (hall be aoplied, pradifed, to this a& and executed, for the railing, levying, colleding, paying,, and applying the said respective fubfidies, impofitions, and other du-tiei, according to the true intent and meaning ofthis present ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said claufcs, matters, and things, had been repeated and cn-aded in the body of this preient ad, jShumersted V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the goods now re- authority aforefaid. That such of the goods herein before enu-maining in the merated, as (hall be now remaining in any warehouse under the Su^s under K*ng>s tocks, where the said goods were lodged immediately up-provifo in ad on landing, in purfiiance of* the proviso for that purpose in the 7 Geo. 3. before recited ad made in the seventh year of his Majesty’s subject to the reign, (hall be subject and liable to the duties and regulations fame regula- herein before mentioned, in the tame manner sis if the said goods had been imported after the said twenty-fourth day of June, *4 Junet ir>o* onc tboutand seven hundred and feventy; and upon the owner pwner mak- or proprietor making a post entry for such goods, and paying, ing a post within the space of three months from the commencement ***& thereof, €f this ad, into the hands of the collector of his Majesty’s cuf-in 3 months. totns f°r port where such goods (hall be- fecured, fo much money as, together with the duties before paid upon the importation of such goods, will be equal to the duties imposed by this ad thereon, the said goods (hall and may be delivered up to hini or them to be disposed of as by law they may; but in cafe such entry (hall not be made, and the duties paid as aforesaid, within the said space of three months from and after the-com-mencement of this ad, then it (hall and may be lawful for the of such entry6 cbmmiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of y them, to cause the said goods to be brought to any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, and publickly fold by auction to the best advantage; and after deduding the charges of such tale, to apply the produce thereof to the customs and duties herein before mentioned; and the overplus, if any, to be paid to the returning the owner or proprietor of such goods} any thing in the before-re-overp us. cited ^ to t^c contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-See That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one not to be* * thoutand seven hundred and feventy, no bast or draw, chip, cane,

4  V

fo much as will make up the'duties hereby impofed,*

Soods tube elivered up to him.

and payment,

the feme may be fold by ,aiiftion.

\ .  «  ‘  .  •,  ;;  .  V  v ^-  ■  i .  1  v  .

1769.] Anno deamo GfeoRGii III. c. 43;  329

or horfehair hats of bonnets, or any platting or Other manufafc- brought into tures herein before mentioned to be used in or proper for making of fitch hats or bonnets, - (hall be imported or brought into any gf { part of Great Britain, except into the port of London only,-upon any pretence wbatfoever; nor (hall any such goods be imported nor thire* in, or brought into the port of London* unless the fame shall be lef$ quantity ’ packed in bales or tubs, each of which bales or tubs (hall con-'than 75 does* tain feventy-five dozen of such hats or bonnets, or two hundred j^1*|^tor ■ and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of such platting or ©ras+lb. wt. other. manufactures at the lead refpe&ively; and in-cafe any of platting, such goods fhsdl be imported or brought into any other port or &c. place within this kingdom, except in the port of London* or (hall be fotind on .boarfhany (hip or vefiel coming of arriving from ■ any foreign parts, either at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the (hore, or (hall be difeovered to have been within the limits of any- such port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in cafe of unavoidable necefiity and distress of weather, of which necefiity and difirefs the mafter, puffer,'

Or other perfon, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vefiel, shall give notice to, and make prpbf of, be-*  ,

fore-the collector or other chief dfficer of the customs of fiich  |

port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such (hip of  j

vefiel into the laid portj or if any such goods shall be imported ot  \

brought into the port of London, in any other form or manner,'  j

or in any left quantity or package than is herein before men-, tioned and allowed. 5 in each and every such cafe, such goods fb°n fortotus* imported, or found on board any (hip or vefiel, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, together with the pack- pac|ta-ei age containing the fame goods, or the value thereof, (hall be for-' *  j

feited, whether bulk (hall then have been broken or not; and**?* al!'>0Ct^* the (hip or vefiel in which such goods shall be fo imported found as aforesaid, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel,',0 t0ni bur-fhall also be forfeited and loft, provided such ship or vefiel doth (ben not exceed the burthen of fifty tba&; and such (hip,' veffW, or to be.pw&> goods, (hall and may be seised and prosecuted by any officer or coted add di« officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, and, after condemnation, dif- yided ««3i-pofed of and 'divided in the fame manner as other forfeited"7 goods, and (hips or vessels not exceeding fifty tons burthen, are' directed to be feifed, profecuted, disposed of, and divided by an ad made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, Aft j Gce.$. intituled. An aR for the further improvement of bis Majejiy’s revenue of cuftoms; end for the encouragement of officers making feifures', and for the prevention of the clandeJUne running of goods into any part of bis Majejifs dominions.  *  .  r'  ~-

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lfwlta^n -That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced agairift any per- a®5?0** fon or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed ip pursuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in such ’ action or fuit (hall and may plead the general ifiue, and give this General iffue, ad and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had

Z 2  there-

330  Anno  decimo  Georgii  IIL  C.44.  £1769;

thereupon, and that" the feme vfras done in purfiiance and by the authority of this a&: and if afterwards a *verdi<ft (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuitedv or discontinue his, her, or their a<£tion or *  profecution,  onfridgement (hall be given against him, her, or

them, upon demurrer or otherwife; then such defendant or dc-Trebie colls, fendants (hall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against »  such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Preamble.

After 44 June

17 70,^trader using false • weights and (cafes in weighing his dock, in .  .

fraud of the duties.

forfeits 1001.

Offender not tobepunifhed twice for the Am offence.

3**

CAP. XLIV.

An aft for more effectually preventing traders in cxcifeablo commodities from using false weights aftd fcaies * and for explaining and amending fever al afts of parliament relate ing to hackney coaches and chairs.

WHE REAS several traders, subject to the Jurvey of the officers attainted by the tommjfmers of excife, are fever ally required by theiaws concerning the duties under tht management of the said cmmijfioners9 to keep just and sufficient fcaies and weights, at the place or places where they carry on their respective trades, to be used in taking the account of the flocks of such traders: and whereas, tie penalties in those lews provided, hove by experience been found ineffet\ualy and not sufficient to restrain the using false weights and Jcales9 in regard the duties of one weighing oftentimes amount to more than the forfeiture incurred; whereby feme ill-dif-pofed persons have been encouraged to make use of falfe, unjuft, and tnfufficient fcaies and weights, to the great diminution of the revenue, and to the difeouragement of the fair trader: for remedy whereof may it pleafeyour Majefiy that it may be enafted\ and be it enacted by the thing’s molt excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and feventy, any trader, lubjed to the survey of any officer of excife, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commif-(ioners of excise to keep sufficient and just fcaies and weights, (hall, in the weighing his, her, or their (lock or docks, make use of, or caufe, or procure, or suffer to be ufed, any falfe, unjuft, or inefficient fcaies or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by the said laws respectively granted y. that then, and in every such cafe, the party or parties offending, (hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

II. Provided always. That such offender, who (hall be pro-fecuted for the penalty by this a£t given, (hall not be again prosecuted for the fame offence by any former aftj and that such offender who (hall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former aft, (hall n6t be prosecuted again for the fame offence.

| 'iffy! Anno decimo Georgij III, c. 44.-  33  i

1 *fence, by virtue of this present ad, or any thing herein contained.  •  *.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties to be

:  That  the  penalties by this ad impoled (hall and may be sued recovered,&c.

for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any such ways and *•’^  *tw*

means and pethods, as any penalty or forfeiture imposed by 9  £

any of the laws of excise may be sued for, recovered, levied, -ana mitigated; and that one moiety of such penalties and for- and to be ap* feitures mall be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- P!*cjJ* *>alf to reflors, and the other moiety for the use of such person or half tome* persons that (hall inform or sue for the fame.  informer.

IV.  And whereas, by a dauje contained in an alt passed in the 7 Qco. ^ seventh year of his present Metjtflfs reign* intituled* An act for

altering the (lamp duties upon policies of aflurance; and for reducing the allowance fo be made in respect to the prompt payment of the (lamp duties on licences for retailing beer,

?le, and other excitable liquors; and for explaining and a-  s

mending several ads of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs; it was enacted* that every jobb-coach licensed at the head office of excise in London, which Jbould ’be driven or lett to hire on private contract within the cities of London and Weft-minder, or the suburbs thereof or within the weekly bills of mortality* for any time longer than one month, without having the ex-life number or mark fined under the foot-hoard of every such coach9 the fame should he deemed and adjudged a coach driven or let to hire9 contrary to the aft therein before mentioned* made in the ninth year if the reign of $)ueen Anne; and the person fo letting or driving for hire as ajorefatd, is made liable to the like penalty, as any person or persons who should drive or let to hire by the hour*, day* or otberwife* any hackney coach or coach-horfes, within the places therein mentioned* without leave or licence from the tommijfioners for regulating and litenfing hackney coaches and chairs* were then by taw liable unto: and whereas many monyeniencies may arise from putting the said clauje JlriCtly into execution; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth Claufe la reday of June one thousand seven hundred and feventy, the said cited aft re* clause mall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.  .  ^  pealed.

. V. And whereas* by another clause contained in the said ait pajfed in the seventh year of his present Majefifs reign* it is enabled* That in every cafe where any perfon* for any of the offences mentioned in any law relating to the licensing and regulating of hackney-coaches and chairs, shall be liable to be committed to prifon* it Jbould and might be lawful for the said commiffioners* or any three or more if them* either to commit such offender to prtfon in manner and for the time therein preferibed* or* by warrant under their hands and. feah* to commit such offender to his Majefifs workboufe if Bridewell in London, or some other bouse of correction* there to be kept to bard labour for any time* at the iiferetion of the said comrnijfiomrs* not exceeding one month; anialjo to receive the correction of the said boufe*Af the said commijjwners jhall" fo think jit tiprjer; and whereas a doubt has arifen* whether the said commif-

Z 3  /toners

CtfmmUKon-

tohard labour, * and the cor*

Anno decimo Georgii III. C.44J  11?^9*

fotters have to fowbr,- undlf the'faid recited cldufe, to commit 'of-fenders ta Btidfipell, fr- .ony other, house tf cortediou, mmediatefy upon such offenders being cotmifled before them; which power would be very beneficialin ma/tpitefiantos to, the pstbScie 'be it therefore

__________ finadted bjy the authority.'aforefaid, That from-and after the

mmay"corn- pa (ling of th^(a^, it.fhall and may be lawful for the said commit offender* npfliooecs, 01; any three or, -more, of them,. in. all cafes-where 'm?eA‘atelX they may now, by law, .commit any offender convicted before iaLondfm'&r them.tp Bridewell or any other house of correction, to commit \  •  *  "fuch offender, for such-offence whereof he (hall be fo convicted

' ' ’• before them, by warrant under, theic hands and feals, immediately to nis Majesty’s (aid wtorkbeufe of Bridewell in handle, or some other house of correction j -there to be kept to hard labour for any time, at die diferetion of the said commiffion-$rs, not exceeding one month, and also to receive the correction of the region of the* few houfe, 4f the said commUfioners (ball fo b00®6* think fit to order.

Licenced per- VI. And- be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fon refusing That from and after the palling of this adf, every person li-to appear up- censed by the feid-. sommiffioners, er the major part of them* 00 fummons, to carry or let tor hire axhackoey.-cbair, wba shall t>egleCt or refute (being dplyfumn)one4fefe that purpose) to appear front fime to time before .the-feid commifi^oners in perfon, :or by his

!>r. her renter, upon any .complaint mtdp, without fomerea* onable ejfcufe to* be approved of . by the said commiffioners, (hall, for every such offence*'forfeit thp sum of ten (hillings ; apd if any.fuch person licienfed as aforesaid shall neglect or re-and refusing to fofe to appear, together with- bis or her renter, before the said appear, with commissioners upon the third fummons,.without such reafpn-T(ter*00 excuse as aforesaid, it (hall-and may be lawful for the said raons. com- coormiffioners, or the major part of them,-to hear and deter-miffioner*' -mine, the said complaint, notwithftandurg theabfenceof the may deter- parfy offending, upon thp oath of one,or more credible witnefe tjiine com- ©r witneffes, and. to impose upon such licensed person or renter the penalty or forfeiture due to fach offence, natty. ^ " VII. And be it further, enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all the offences mentioned in, and intended to be proem or justices vided against by the feid recited aft, or by this present aft, (half buy dertr. and may be heard and determined, and at| and every the fbr-and^ ffa'”* fixtures and penalties thereby inflifted, (hall and may be reco-tmniflimfntf vere^ an<* iev'e^»^ n°t only by bis Majesty’s commissioners for r '  ’ regulating and licensing hackney-coaches and- chairs* or the

major part of them* but alfo. by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff* or other magifiratc of the. county, city, or place, whfre such ‘offence or offences (hall be committed, by

faid are

forfeits 10 $.

Wiiyiu IHVU vuvitwc Ui UUVffVEf 1114*1 W

.. - such ways and means as the penalties and forfeitures in the I jAnn*/ aft* fJn^e ™ the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne,

djrefted to be levied and recovered.

Vllt And. whereas great neglect or default lath been made if tranfmittingx to the receiver-general of the revenue arijing bj bect-pqr coaches and chairst his Majefifs part, of the penalties which

I 1769.il Anno decimo GeorgiiHI. c.45.  333

{  bartfbeen levied by justices of'the peace, hr other magiftrdtes, in

|  pnrfimce -of the ftveral offs and hye-laws made, relating te hack-

'  ney-codches and chairs: be it therefore enacted by the authority mf Mgjefty’t

1  aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of ’June part of all pe-

1  'One thousand seven hundred and fevenry, his Majesty's part of nalde* to be

■  all penalties which lhall be levied by any justice of the peace, transmitted, to

1  mayor, bailiff, or other magiftratc, in pursuance of this or any j^radof wefe

1  other a<ft, or any of the bye-laws made relating to hackney- duties,

coaches and chairs, lhall from time to time be tranlmitted by him or them to the receiver-general of the laid revenues anting by hackney-coaches and chairs, and ahb a certificate there- and certificate of to the laid commissioners for licencing and regulating the thereof to the fame, within ten days after the levying any such penalty or  *

penalties, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds; one IO days, moiety thereof to the ule of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- on penalty ceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will of *9b inform, qr sue forth fob the fame.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any adtian or fuit lhall be commenced against any

perfon or perfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this adt,

the defendant or defendants, in such action or fuit . lhall and

may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the special General

matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that

the fame was done in-purfuance, and-by the authority of this

adt: and if afterwards a verdict lhall pass for the defendant or

defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall discontinue his

or their action or adtions, or be nonfuited, or judgement-dull

be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or other-

wife ) then* such defendant or defendants (hall have-treble colt$ Treble colts*

awarded to him or them against fttch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLV.

At aff to prevent the further //reading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain.

WH*E RE AS by an all made in this present fejjien tfparlia- Preamble.

ment, intituled, An adt for indemnifying all persons with reciting act respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty’s of thisfeljioiu orders dfcouncil, made for-preventing the spreading of a contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle, and for rendering the time valid and efiedtual, and for preventing suits in confluence thereof, and to authorize the continuing, extending, and executing the fame for a further time, his Majesty is im-powlred, by and with the advise of his privy council, to continue and extend Ins orders iftued in council, bearing date the /event h and fourteenth and twenty-fecund days of December, in the year one thousand feven-hundred and ftxty-ntne, for preventing the spreading the , jflid contagion, to all such counties and plates in Great Britain, and all other bis Majesty's dominions thereunto belongings or any part or flirts thereof, as bis Majesty, in bis great wifdom, /hall judge moft

Z4 •  eet-  '  ■

$34  Anno  decimp Geokgii III. e.45.  [1769;

expedient and effectual to prevent the [priding fitch infectious distemper 1 and it is also in and by the /aid aft provided, that the continuation of the said powers, authorities, rulesy orders, smm/ r^-gulationS) or any of them, which are thereby before confirmed, be repea\ed9 abridged, or Jbortened, and also that the fame,  tf/zy

them? may be enlarged^ altered, and varied) by any other aft or afts to be made in this present fijjion of parliament: and whereas a contagious difiemper has raged for some time pafl, and fill continues to rage amongst the horned cattle in several parts of Europe; from whence it is apprehended that the fame has been9 and may hereafter{ be brought into tbt kingdom of Great Britain and ifiands thereto belonging) unless some effectual means are used for prevention thereof: tie it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by apd with the advicp and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,'and commons-in this present parliament aflembled. His Msfefty and by the authority of the feme. That it ihall and may bo smpowered to lawful to and for the King’s most excellent oiajefty, his heirs Foh|k*tbc -and fucceflors, from time to time, as often as he or they (hall por on or gn<j ^ necessary fo to do, by bis or their royal proclamation,* to be ifiued by and with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their order in council, to be published in the London Gazette) to prohibit generally, or from any particular country or countries, or from the isles of Alderney, Jerfey9 Guernfey) or any of the islands or dominions belonging to Great Britain, the importation of any cattle, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or hoofs, or any other part of any cattle or beaft, or any hay, ftraw, litter, fodder, package, or any other things that have been or may be employed abput infected cattle, or the hides, or any other part of such cattle, or

......... have.been in or near any places where there has. been any

where^ornear such infeftion, and are liable to retain the fame, into the king-whereto, there doms of Great Britain^ or Ireland, or into any of the islands or wft en^ny dominions thereto betotaging; and also the exportation of any ,n * *<m!f lucK cattle or things aforesaid, from or out of the fame, or prohibkAe anY P®*1 thereof coaftWife, or into any other parts, for such time or times, tp be tnerqjn mentioned, and with such powers and authorities to magiftrates, conftabjes, infpeftors, officers, and others nominated or appointed in that behalf, for flopping, feifing, or deftroyihg such prohibited things upon any such importations and exportations as aforesaid, with like authority in that behalf, as any officer and officers have by any law now

cittle, hides.

from places

exportation thereof coaft-wile,

under like powers of ieizure, &c. as in the cafe

ofuncuftomed in being in cafes of prohibited and upcuftomed goods; and

jgoocU, See,

perfonal actions, See. commenced for afts done

tinder such rules, orders, and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by the advice aforesaid, ihall judge most Expedient and effectual to prevent any contagious distemper from being 'brought into these kingdoms, or spread in any part thereof ; any law, ftatute, custom or usage to the contrary hotwithftanding,

II.  And it is hereby further enafted, That all perfonaj ^ftions arid fuifs, ihdiftmerits, informations, and all profecu-lions and proceedings wjiatfoever^ which have been 'or fhaJI be

rf 7^9*1 Anno decimo Georgii III. c, 45!  335

SecUted or commenced against any person or perfons, for or by ;n obedience reason of any adt, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, ap- to orders in pointed, and done by virtue of any order or orders ifliied by council, Ndif-his Majesty in council in relation to the prepiifles, or of any charSed* contract or agreement not performed by means of or in obedience to such order or orders of couneii, be» are, and (hall be discharged and made void by virtue of this adt; and that if any Defendant in action or fuit (hall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of England may Great Britain called England, against any person or persons for plead the any such adt, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they, may plead the general iflue, andgive Generalise* this adt and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or fuit fo to be commenced or pro-  „

fecuted, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, or if judgement (hall be given upon . any verdict or demurrer against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (half and may recover double cofts, an(j  '

and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant double cofts. or defendants hath or hftve in other cafes by law 5 and if any such adtion, prosecution or fuit as aforesaid, (hall be com- extended menced or pursued in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to defenders or in the kingdom of Ireland, the respective court before whom in Scotland* such adtion, prosecution or fuit (hall be commenced or pur- IrcUAd, Axed, (hall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby proyided, and (hall further allow to him his double costs of fuit in all such cafes as aforefaid.

III.  Andy for the better preventing the spreading of such in- His Majesty feftiony and putting a flop to the diforder% be it further enacted impowered to by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to orders and for the King’s most excellent majefty, his heirs and ceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, removal from time to time to make such provifions, rules, orders and of cattle, regulations, and to vary or repeal the fame, as his Majesty in his great wisdom (hall judge mod expedient and effedtual, in Great Britain, Ireland, and all other his Majesty*s dominions thereunto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, for or concerning the driving and removing, or the prohibiting or pre* venting the driving and removing of any cattle infected or not infected with the laid diftemper, as the occalion may require, from or- out of any fuch. county, riding, divifion, hundred, parish or place, to any fair or market, or to any other such county, hundred, parish or place, as (hall for that purpose be specified in such rules, orders or regulations; and tor or con- amj buying cerning the buying up, feizing, or killing any such cattle for up,andkUling the fake of (topping o» preventing infedtion; and making rea- thereof, fonable satisfaction thereupon to the oyrner or owners of such and making cattle $ and for prohibiting tfie fale, disposition or other use of  .

any such cattle as (hall or may be infected with the' said JJJJj prohibit! diftemper, or of any manner of hides or skins, horns or other ing the sale of

parts of such infected cattle $ and ,alfo for destroying such fod- infected cat-f  tie, hidcfj&c.

att& likewifc

fubfequent

orders.

33$  Anno "(fecimo GsoitOil III. <5,4£17691,

mnd deftroy- der, J>tter and other things as have been used about or breath, ing fodder, ed upon by any infected cattle; and coneerning the washing, &c.  cleanfing, and otherwise purifying all (tables, out-houfes,

5n^,Pur^y,nS yards, and other places where any (ueb cattle have been; and ' *d th b’ a^° ^or *be bur*a* °( any fucb beads as (hall die of such in. rial, and man- fe<&ous diftemper, or be killed on account of or for the lake ner’of burial,*  (topping or preventing infedioo, and every part thereof,

ofbeafta dying^within such time, at such depth under ground, 10 fattened and of theinfec- flaked down, and in such manner in all respects as (hall be uon'  specified in such orders as aforefaid; any ftatute, custom or

ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Orders in *V* And wbertas the said orders madefy bis Majtjly in toanell pouncil of 7, ‘bearing date the feventb, the fourteenth, "and the twenty-fecond days «4..and ssDec. of December, one thousand /even hundred and Jixty-nine, fa con-*7*9* prnted as aforesaid, have been found beneficial; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fame, and all the

iirovifions, powers, and authorities, rules, orders, and regu-re utm ations therein contained and inserted (except such and fo much edwaltoed] of them, or any of them respectively as'his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, at any time or times, (hall, with the advice of his and their privy council, judge proper and expedient to re> pea], alter, or vary) (hall be in force; and the fame, and aho all such others, and fcch variations and additions, and for such further purposes as his Majesty in his great wisdom (hall judge ipoft expedient -and effectual to put a (top to or prevent the spreading of such diftemper, as (hall be made by virtue of and in purfuance, and under the power and authority of this pre*-to be obeyed, feat ad} (ball be observed and obeyed by all bisMajefty’s fub-©n pain of„ jeds under the penalty of ten pounds, inflicted and directed to sbi. for every be levied by this ad, for each and every offence committed a-offence. gajnft the (ame.

Powers riven  V. And it is hereby, further enaded. and declared. That all

toib&riuratet and. every the powers and authorities given by the aforesaid or-and officers dcf$ of council, or which (hall be given by any subsequent order or orders of council, by virtue of the authority aforesaid, to justices of the .peace and other magiftretes, and to commif-fioners of the land tax, infpedors, and other officers appointed-In that behalf; (hall be duly executed, and are hereby efta-declared valid, hlilbed and enaded, and declared to be as good and valid in ' the law, to all intents and purposes, during the continuance of the laid order or orders, and of this ad, as if the fame were herein repeated and expresfly enaded.

After *4 June,  VI. And he it further enaded. That from and after the

1770,  persons twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand (even hundred and wbO'fttall pre- feventy, all and every person and persons .who (hall, by force tr»es™rSof- or tbreat8» intimidate,‘hinder, or prevent the (aid juftices, (jeers from ex- magjftrates, commiffioners, infpedors, officers, or other per-ecut ing fucb Tons nominated or appointed in that behalf, from- executing the' “J  said rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, or from

performing their respective duties in relation thereto; or who-

(hall enter into any agreement, combination, confederacy, at..

■

by such or

or4crtp

©* who (hall filter into

ri769.3 AnnodcclmoGeoJUJU III. 0.4$'. ^  $37

' fociation, or fubfcriptiori, to &fobey the (aid order or orders ipcombuiation* <bunc5K or to defeat, hinder, «frr prevent the Execution' there* td dllbbey or of, (hall ‘forfeit and pay the'fain Of fiftypounds;5 ;to'be jeco- defeat the ■vered -by bill, plaint, foft, dr ihformafiotV’in any of hit Ma-  ,

lefty's courts or record at Wejlmtnfteri by any period of pOrfons ro f' who Ihadl inform and sue for the lame j to go and' be paid; to to the foie use and for the foie life and benefit of such penon orperfons re- of the profe-fpe&ivetyv with fiill costs of fuit.  enter.

> -VII. Andj to the end that all perfins whom it map tantem, map Tbit aft, and know bow to demean tbmfih/es in the premlfes, be it further e- the order* in xiadted by the authority aforefaid. That this adt, and his Ma?  to.b*

jetty’s faidorders in council, and such others as (hall be made chnrrtstnntl in pursuance of this present a&, (hall be publickly read, im-> cbape)*a*hia mediately • after prayers, on such Sunday in every calendar Majesty (halt, month as the mhufter (ball think proper, in all such parish appoint; churches, chapels, and other places fet apart for divine wor-ihip, as his Majesty, his heirs or lucccfibrs, in council, (ball tit any time hereafter direct hnd appoint in that behalf: and that'when and as often as his $4ajefty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, an(j ijkewifo (hall make, any further rules, orders, and regulations, or (hall robfeqoent vary or repeal the fame by virtue of of in pursuance of this orders, adt, every such rule, order, regulation,' variation, and repeal,

(hall be notified and publiihed in such manner as his Majesty (hall think proper, and (hall be publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the lame, and on fuel} Sunday in every calendar month as the minister (hall think proper, during the time such rules, orders, regulations, and variations (hall continue in force, in such manner as aforesaid, within such counties, ridings, divifions, hundreds, parifhes, and places as (hall be specified in such rules, orders, regulations, variations, and repeals for that purpose ; add every such Order, rule, re- ancj

fulation, variation, and repeal, together with this adt, (hall be den to be ept by the minister of every fuen parish church, chapel, or kept by the ' place, who (hall permit any person redding within his parilh, !“•"»&«*■» ?ho chapelry, or place, to read the fame during the time such rule, hi8 pari&ioa-order, or regulation (hall continue in force ; and the church* en to read wardens or chapelwardens of every such parish of place (hall the fame, provide a printed copy of this adt for the pOrpofes aforesaid, at Cburchwar-* she expence of the parish or chapelry. ~  "  videcop^of

'VIII. Andy to prevent the difiemper amongfti the horded cattle tw. aft, being fpread~~and in&eafed by tanners' and others- buying the tides parish ex* and skins of infeffed beajh, it is hereby further Cnaaed, Tjiat P*®*-when the justices bf the peace at their general quarter felfion,tertSfaM pr at any adjournment thereof. Within their respective counties, prohibit the ridings, and divifions, puffiiant to and during the continuance holding of pf such ordtj or orders as’aforefaid made in that behalf, (hall fairs or mar* prohibit the bolding of any fair of fairs, market or markets,  m"

for buying and felling of such homed cattle; "every tanner,  *

tawer, or dreflefr of bides and skins, (ball, before he brings any raw hide or ikin' of any bulk ox, how, calf, fteer, or -l^eifer into hiia taftyardj workhoufe,'warehoafe; bf place ufejf '  •  .  for

*338  ■ Anno decimo GeorcJji III. c. 45J  £1769^

Tanner See. for drefling'or manufacturing of hides or skins, give notice to to give notice the officer of excise of the diprift in which such tan yard or to exdfe of- dressing place is fituated, and wbofe survey the said tanner, ficer inwhofe tawer, or dresser of hides (hall be under and subject to for the tan^yardf&c. t*me ^cinS* an.d Pr°duce to the said officer a certificate, under Is fituated, * the hand and ieal or bands and seals of one or more justice or and produce justices of the peace, or eommiffioner or commifiioners of the jan(j tax,. reflor.or vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned,

|u i<*> specifying the colour of such hide or skin, the name and place colour!ofthe  a^0(^c °f  owncF of foch hide or skin, and that upon

iskin, and  examination  on oath of one or more credible person or per*

naipe and a- fons^ it appeared to the person or persons signing and sealing bode of the such certificate, that thp beast from which Fuch hide or skin t^”eSebtaft was ta^en wa$ found, and free from any infeftion; which cer-it was taken tificate (hall, by the said officer, be ehtered into a book to be from was free kept for that purpose : and if any tannery tawer, or dresser of from infec. hides or skins, during the continuance of .this aft, and of such Officer to cn orc^€r or or^ers as aforesaid, and in difobedieoce to the fame, ter certificate. bring or liiffer to be brought into his tan yard or tan pits. Tanner, &c.' or other place used for dressing or manufacturing hides or negledHng, to skins, any such raw hide or skin, or (hall'tan or drefs, or ma* forfeit 10I. nufafture any such raw hide or skin, without giving such notice, and producing such certificate as aforesaid $ evety person fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the several forfeitures are, by this aft, directed tq be recovered, levied, and applied.  ^

jxcife officer IX. And it is hereby further enafted. That all and every or, to be permit- any of the officers of excife, acting and employed in anydi-t«d, on re- strict wherein any tan yard, workhouse or warehoufe, or placq queft,to enter for dressing or jnanufafturing of. hides or skins is iituate and yard&c. bang, (hall and ipay, during the cqntinuance of this aft, and 9  *  of such ord^r or orders made as aforesaid by virtue and under

the authority of the fame, at all times, by day 0/ by night (and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or o«* ther officer of the peace) be permitted, upon his or their re-queft, to enter into any such tan yard, workhoufe, warehoufe, or place, in order to search for hides and (kins suspected to be brought and conveyed into the fame refpeftively, contrary to and against the tenor and true meaning of this aft and of such orders as aforefaid; and then and there to search and examine, or cause to be searched or examined, any tan pit, fat, .or other place where any such hide or (kin is suspected to be laid, hid,

101. penalty Put> or concealed: and if any tanner, tawer, or other person on obifru&ing or persons wh^tfoever, (hall obflxuft or hinder any such officer bun.  or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power, or au-

thority given to, vested in, and required of hfm and themi refpeftively. by this aft, and any orders made in pursuance of the fame; every perfon, fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted 9s afQrefaid, Xhall, for eyery such offers, for-

339

1769. J Anno dficuho Georgii III. ®*4 5*

feit and pay the funi or ten pounds; to be recovered, applied, and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned*,

X. And whereas it may become necejfary to encourage and promote His Majesty the breeding of cattle, the number being at any time greatly decreased impowered to by such mortality, be it therefore enabled by the authority afore-faid, That in suchoafe, it (hall and may be lawful for his Ma-,c^”^  0

jefty, by advice of his privy council, to prohibit and forbid the * killing or slaughtering of cow calves in such counties and pla-and in such* manner, and at filch times, as his Majesty

ces.

ihall judge proper; and all amfevery perfon, offending against on penaity of such order and prohibition, (hall forfeit and pay the Turn of 10 i, ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied; as other forfeitures by this a& are to be recovered, levied, and applied.

*'XIAnd* to prevent any doubts which may drift in the Removal, &e. jtruftion of this dfl, be it further enacted by the authority afore- 0f beast con-(aid* That the removal* driving, or sale Of every o** bull, trary to order, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, ^contrary' to any* such vrule, order,deemed or regulation, as afore faid, (hail be deemed a diftinS and fe- fei^£*rAtC ° * parate offence within the intent and meaning of this aCl; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; *

XII.  And be it further enabled bjr thfe authority aforesaid, gvcry person That all and every the rules* orders* regulations, and varia- offending a-tions, tp be made by virtue and in pursuance of this a6t, are gainst any <M hereby required to be punctually observed and obeyed by all his <!er» *c# *° Majesty’s fubjedts; and all and every person and persons whotor ,0 * Ihall offend against any such rule, order, regulation, or variation^ and (hall be thereof convicted in Great'Britain or Irelandf by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, before any justice or justices of the peace for any county, riding, diviiion, city, -liberty, or town corporate, where such offence or offences (hall be committed (which justice or justices is and are hereby im-powered and required to hear and determine the fame, and to examine any witness or witneiles, upon oath, concerning the fame) (hall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds; one moiety on© moiety to thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the informer, the pari(h where fuch-offepce Ihall be committed ; to be levied the other to by the churchwardens, overfeei? of the poor, conftables, high p^^rt*0 ^ constables of the hundred, rape, or wapentake, or ope or ^vied di-more of them, by warrant or warrants under the hand and ftrefe. feal, or under the hahds and leals of the justice or justices of the peace who (hall convict Tuch offender, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender; rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner thereof; and, for want of such For want diftrefs, such offender (hall be committed by such justice or ju- distress to be ftices to the common gaol or house of correction of such coun- committed for ty, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or town corporate, there to 3 months, remain for the space of three months, to be reckoned from the day of such commitment; and all hnd every person and per- persons of-fons who (hall offend against any such rule, order, or regula- fending in any tion, tn any other of his Majesty’s said dominions, (hall be other of his .  de«rwd,Mai«fty'i‘l0*

34®

Anno cJecimo GfioRGH IH. c. 45?

769

.

minions, to be tfeemeci, adjudged, and taken fo be guilty of agreat mtfdetnea~ pamjhed ac- norf a^d bq prosecuted and puiuihcd by fine and imprifpnnnent ! ofagTof the* ^cording to the laws and ulage of the fame dominions reipec- !

place. Appeal may be made to the quarter-feflions, on giving fecu-rky#

lively.

XIII,  And be it farther enacted by the authority afore (aid, That it (hall and may be Jayful fey any peifoq. or persons who (ball be convicted, .before such juftice, or justices of the peace as aforefai4,x>f any of the offepces againft.this adt, to appeal from fiich conviction to the juftices, of the ptaceat;tbeir next general or quarter-fetSons to be hdden for the county, riding, divifion, cjty, liberty, or town corporate, jn which such offences (hall be committed $ be, (he, or they, .giving immediate notice to such justice or juftices^of such intended appeal, and likewise giving fe-curjty to the fati$fa&ion of fiich justice ,or. juftices, to pay all and every the penalties, and forfeitures to which he^ (he, or they, (ball be liable by such con vision, sod the cofts, charges, and expences of trying such .appeal, in cafe fucb conviction (hall be justices to de- affirmed; and the said juftices, ;ia their next general or tjuarter-l^ud order ^c®ons» are hereby authorised and required, to hear, try, and finally deteim‘me the fame, upon the merits of the caufo, and examination of witnesses on oath; and to order colts to be paid *  as (hall be juft, if they, (hall think it reasonable fo to. do.. .

except it fall XIV. Provided .nevertheless. That if it. (hall appear, to the said .ppearthere j^dices, that there was not fufficiept time* between such con-to givenotice vision and such quarter-fefiions, to give notice to all parties to to parties), attend such appeal; that then, it (ball, and may he lawful for in which cafe, fiich justices to adjopm |be hearing thereof . to :tneir next fubfe-it (hail be ad- nUent general or quarter-feflions, at which they arc hereby re-nextquarrer- twlted to bear, try, and .finally-determine the fame: and in cafe ' ~  there (haft be.no determination on the said appeal at fucb next

orfubfequent general or quarter-feflions, the judgement and conviction of t|ie justice or, justices (hall ftand.aad be .in full force; apd no writ of .Cfrfi*Wh or any Other proccjs whatsoever (hall be allowed, to rem°v^ the coriviltion'or order of feflions, or any other proceedings thereupon; into any pf-his.Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjiminfitr% or of his Majesty’s courts of great Seffion in the principality pf tVfUi, Or, thtcountfes palatine.. . •.

XV. And be jt further coalbed ,by the. authority aforelaid, ■ That it (hall and may be lawful for. any justice or justices of the peace, if he or they (nail be informed .that any person or persons can give any evidence relating to any of the offences aforesaid, to summon such person or perfons.to appear before him or them, and to examine such person ori persons on oath, in relation . thereunto; and in cafe such person or persons (hah refuse or neg-mwiffuehU* ^ to appear purfuant. to such fummons, then such justice or warrant; jufiiceslhall issue out his or their warrant or warrants for ap-•nd, on refu- prehendiDg.and bringing (jich. person or persons before him or faUobe wca- them > .and in cafe ,fuch person or persons (hall refuse to be ex-mav teeom *nl'ne^ uP°h oath,.to commit such persons to the common jtff, * gaol or houle ofcorreiStton for such county, riding, divifion, city, liberty,, or town corporate, (here to remain for the (pace of

one

feflions.

If no determination at such adjournment, judgement to be in force.

No Certiorari.

Juftices may lummori and examine wit-neflesonoath.

on refafal to

tj  Ani»Heci8fK^eotew  Ilf. £.4$  34'x

*  one month, or until he* fhe, or they, shall fubtnrt to be exatrt-ined asaforefaid; and in cafe of any appeal to the general or

i quartev-feffions, to compel such person or persons to enter into ’ a recognisance, with condition to appear at the said general or ^ quarter-fcffions, and to give evidence upon the (rial of such*

*  XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,- Conviflion* to / That for the more easy and speedy con vising of any perfon

*  or perfons, who shall offend against thia ad, or any orders fog form.

. made under- the- authority of the fame, it shall be sufficient for

' any justice or justices of the peace, who shall convict any per-fon or persons of -any or either of the said offences, to draw ? such conviction in the following form of words, as the cafe fhall

*  happen, or in any other form of words to the fame effect (that J is to fay)

IfidAbftx. B is tomnSHiy on htst bert or tint own ctnfeffion,

JLX. (or on the oath of  )  of bating in

this kingdom^ (fpecifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed.)

Given under my (or our) band and real (or hands and ftals) this  day of

which said convidion, in (he fame or like form of words, shall be good and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, and' shall not bequafhed, let slide, or adjudged void or inefficient,' for want of any other form of words whatsoever ; and in cafe of appeal as aforesaid, the justice or justices who shall convict such' offender or offenders, is and are hereby required to deliver, or'focafeofap. cause to be delivered, the convidion, in the form aforesaid, to peal, justice the next general or quarter*feffions to which the appeal is made, “j!*iainSto

there to be filed on record.

victiOn tonext

XVII.  And be it further enad^d by the authority aforesaid, quarter-fef-That the justices of the peace within the respective limits of t heir Cons, commiffions, at their general or quarter-feflions, or the major

part of them then and there aflcmbled, within that part of Great allow salaries Britain called England, shall have full power and authority, and toinfpedors, they are hereby required to order such reasonable salaries and charges as they fhall- think proper, to be paid to any infpedor or ino»nnerpre. infpedors, or other person or persons already employed or ap- (bribed bjr pointed fay the justices of the peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the justices of the peace, or the commissioners of the land tax,-to prevent the spreading of such distemper amongst the cattle, out of tfae monies arisen or hereafter to arise by virtue of an ad of parliament palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fecond, intituled, An off for Ad i*Gee.«. (be mtptoafy affefjmg, tofleBing, and levying county rates.-

XVIII.  And be it further enaded. That the commissioners Commiffion-of the land-tax for'the tirte being in and for every county, rid-

ing, or divifioit, and who have or shall -qualify themselves to adJuld “*

as

34*  Anno  declmo  GeoRGII IIL C.&:  £17*595

(cxctept for as luch rtfpedlively, are hereby itnpowered tod requited to put ^worto°r ®*:®cu^on and every the powers and authorities given to which°areW0# commifiioners of the land tax by this a6l, or by any order or counties of orders in council purfuint to the fame (except the commiffion-tfiemfelve*) ers of the land tax within the county of MiddUfex* and all cities ^a&ed to to^rns which are Counties of thechTelves) in as full and am-rat tbh a& in P^e wanner as the justices of the peace may do within the fame, execution.  XIX. And, to prevent the spreading of such infectious diftemper

by persons buying up cattle in ihfeCted places, and soon after difpo-fing of the fame in places free from the infection, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, and in disobedience or con* trary to the orders and regulations made, or.which (hall.bere-Ko person to after be made by bis Majesty in council as aforefaid; be it en-feU any living aCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the said °h* tih h twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand feven* hundred and £e-bcen MtTpnH .vcnty»no Pcrf°n whatsoever by himfelf, his servant or agent, dur-perty 40 days j Ing the continuance of this ao, and contrary to any rulevordeiy regulation or prohibition made or tp be mide in that.behalf as aforesaid in purftiance and by virtue of this present aCf, (hall fell dr dispose of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer or heifer, until the fame (hall have been the property of such person for the term of forty days at lead.; and during the continuance of such orders as aforesaid, in proof of such property, the feller (hall produce a certificate under the hand of the person of whom such ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer was lad bought or purcb&fed, signifying the time when he purchased the fame; and every person who (hall fell or dispose of any ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, without producing such certificate, and (hall be thereof convicted by his, her, or their own conifeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefies, before any judice or judices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty or town corporate where the offence (hall be committed, (hall, on penalty of for every such ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, fo fold or difib 1.  posed or during the continuance of and contrary to such orders

and regulations as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the futn of ten unless be (ball pounds; unless such person (hall by himfelf, his agent or fer-prove, on vant, make oath before the said judice or judices (which oath oath, that the t^e said judice or judices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminider) that the said ox, buff, cow, calf, deer or heifer has been his property for more than forty davs; the said forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered in iiich manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered; one moiety of the said forfeiture to be given to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the pariflt where the offence (hall be committed.

XX.  And be It further enacted by the authority aforesaid, on giving, or That Cvery person who (hall, from and after the said twenty-knowingly re- fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and feventy,. ceiying, a faife and during the continuance of and contrary ^ to such orders and certificate. regulations as aforesaid, fell dr dispose of any ox, bull, cow, calf, freer or heifer, and (hall give a faife or untrue certificate of the

time

and producing a certificate, signifying the time when he bought the fane,

fame hath been his property jnore than 40 days.

One moiety of penalty to informer, the other to the poor.

101. penalty -----— or

1

343

1769.] Anno decimo GeoRGII III. c.45*

time of the sale of such cattle, and every person who (hall accept of such false or untrue certificate, knowing the fam$ to be fuch, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; to be adjudged, levied, recovered, and disposed of in the mahner herein after dire&ed.

XXI.  And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid. That, dur- Drover to give ing the continuance of any rules, orders or regulations made or

to be made in that behalf as aforesaid, if any drover, or person of beafbfick-or persons driving and conducting horned cattle from one place ening on the to another, (hall find any bead or beads in his drift sicken upon road» the road, fo as to be unable to proceed forward in their journey ; such drover, or person or persons driving such horned cattle, (hall forthwith give notice thereof to the conftable, head borough or  «

churchwarden, of the parilK or place wherein such bead or beads ihali ficken, in order that the fame may be dain and buried in manner as aforesaid, if deemed to be ill of the didemper now raging amongd the horned cattle, or of any infectious difeafe, in the opinion of the officer of such parish or place fo fummoned, and of two other fubdantial inhabitants of the said parish or place, whom the said officer is hereby impowered, by a note in. writing under his hand, to summon to his affidance; and in cafe any drover, or person or persons driving horned cattle, (hall fail herein, or (hall conceal, or drive out of the way, without giving such notice, any such sick bead or beads, contrary to the true intent, and meaning of this aCt, and in disobedience to any rules or orders made by virtue thereof as aforesaid, he or they fo offending (hall forfeit and pay ten pounds to the uti of the on penalty of poor of fu?h parish or place wherein such bead or beads (hall be 10 * found lick or dead; to be levied on his or their goods and chat- tobe levied by tels, by warrant under the hand and feal of any judice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, liberty, city or town corporate, wherein such drover, 'or person or persons driving such horned cattle, (hall be taken 5 and in cafe of nonpayment, such drover or person or persons (hall be committed to the common \obe n~ gaol of such county, (hire, dewartry, riding, divifion, liberty, committed, city or town corporate, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for the space of fix calendar months, or until he or they diall have paid the said penalty.

XXII.  And9 for preventing persons felting any horned cattle before No person to they have been in their possession forty days9 contrary to such orders and fell any living regulations as aforefaicL> it is hereby etia&ed, That no person or ?*» ^cjdur-perfons during the continuance of any such orders and regula- thfuance of~ tions to the contrary as aforesaid, (hall fell or difpo’fe of any liveordfr to the ox, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, vmlefs he or they (hall, be- contrary, fides hisj her, or their compliance with such directions as aforesaid, likewise first obtain a certificate under the hand and feal of without pro-fome judice of the peace! or commissioner of the land tax, fpeci- Pcr certificate fying the colours, and number of beads fo intended to be fold,

and the parifh, township or place from whence the fame are floncr 0f the brought or intended to be carried in order for fale, and the name land tax, or names, place or plages of abode of the owner gr owners there-Vol. XXVIII, ' A a  'of.

$4+  Anno  decuao Georgii III* c. 45.  [1769.

, af, and that it appears to such justice or commifiioner, upon examination on the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-Defies, that the beasts contained in such certificate have been and produc- the property and in the pofiefiion of fuph person or persons for anV iving1^  f°rty ^ays ')e^ore date fa,d certificate 5 and every

atteifed copy person felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, by virtue * thereof. of such certificate, (hall produce the fame, and give a true copy thereof, attested by two or more credible witnefles, to the per-*pl-  fon or persons buying such beasts $ and every person felling any

erandfeller* ox* bull, cow» weer or beifer w^hout obtaining such certi-where certifi- ficate, and every person buying the fame without receiving a true cate is not copy thereof attested as aforesaid, during the continuance of, and produced. contrary to, such orders as aforesaid, (hall forfeit and pay the sum often pounds for every ox, bull, cow, calf, steer and heifer bought or fold contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of.  '

Jufticefufpea. XXIII. And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, mgany person That if one or more justice or justices of the peace mall suspect anY person of buying, felling or driving any ox, bull, cow, calf, orders * °* steer or heifer, or or taking,off the hide from any infected ox,

’ bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer which (hall die of the said diftem-'per, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, and the rules, orders, and regulations made or to be made as aforesaid by his Majesty in council in pursuance thereof, or of not burying any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, contrary to this a£f, and orders made in pursuance of the fame; it (hall and may be may summon lawful for such justice or justices to fummoa such person to ap-him to appear. pear before him or them at a reasonable time to be prefixed m Proof of com- ihch fummons; and the proof of complying with the directions ' pliancetobe of this aft, and orders made or to be made as aforesaid, (hall on the party. ]ie on the party fo fummoned; and if such person (hall negledk On nonap- or refuse to'appear before such justice or justices (proof being pearance, or made upon oath of his or their being duly fummoned) or (hall tor want of not make it out to the satisfaction of him or them that he or (he formity, C°n~ bas fully conformed himself or herself to this adit, rules, and or-to be deemed ders as af°re^a^ > such person (hall be deemed and taken to be convicted and duly convicted of the offence or offences for which he (hall be-fuffer the pe- fo fummoned, and incur the several penalties and forfeitures in-naitie8 inflidl- fli&ed by this adt, to he levied, recovered, and adjudged, in A licationof manner as ls ^ere*n a^ter mentioned ; one moiety of the said forth^ penalty. future to be paid to the oveffeer of the poor, and applied to the use of the poor of the parish where such person dwells; and the other moiety to the treasurer of the county, riding, or divifion, to be made part of the county flock, or, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such perfon, and for such purposes, as the justices in their general quarter-feflions (hall direct and appoint.

XXIV.  Andy for tie more effectual preventing the spreading of such infettious iijlgmper by perjons commonly called Jobbers, whor

v occupy*

*7^9*1 Anno decimo GeoRgIi III. fc.4$.  345

Occupying little or no grazing land, buy up cattle in infixed places, and soon after dijpofe of the fame, be it enacted by the authority afore- K r faid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, £butchers* One thousand seven hundred and feventy, no person whatsoever for immediate (butchers and others excepted buying fat cattle for immediate (laughter, to (laughter) during the continuance of, and contrary to any such purchase lie-orders made in that behalf as aforesaid, (hall purchase any living ,nS0X> c* ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, without having first obtain-a cer-ed a certificate under the hand and feal of some justice of the * peace or commissioner of the land tax acting for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where such person re-fides, fpccifying his or her name and place of abode, and thCfpecifyinghk number of beasts he or (he intends to purchafe, and whether name and a-fuch beafis are intended to be purchased by him or herfelf, or bode, number by an agent, or fervant; and if by an agent or fervant, then the name and place of abode of such agent or fervant; and that it ther by appears to such justice or commiflioner, upon examination on or agent $ the oath of one or tnore credible witness or witnefles, that such (ana if by a-perfon really occupies land sufficient to graze and keep the num-ber of beasts contained in such certificate, over and above the  *

flock such person is at present possessed of, for the space of three abode) months: and that it may appear no more beasts were brought and that he than were contained in such certificate, every such person (hall,®ciu?ies upon bringing any cattle into any pari/h or place bought in pur- graz^fuclT fuance of such certificate and orders made in that behalf as a- number,above fbrefaid, produce and (hew the said certificate to an infpedlor, his present churchwarden, or overseer of the poor, if any there be of such flock* for 3 parifti or place 5 and shall at the fame time acquaint such infpec- oo^ringine tor, churchwarden or oyerfeer,.with the place where, and the name cattle into any of the person of whom such beasts were purchafed; and the said place, certifi* infpedtor, churchwarden, or overfeer, is hereby required to mark cate to be pro-on the back of the said certificate, the number of beasts f°infi>eftor&c. brought into any pari(h or place, and the place where, and the to mdorfe the name of the person of whom such beasts were purchafed, and fame, the day when such certificate Was fo produced: and if any per-*cnaAy 5!* fon or persons (butchers or others buying fat cattle for immediate (laughter excepted as aforefaid) (hall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe-venty, buy any ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, during the continuance of, and contrary to fudh orders as aforesaid, without previously obtaining such certificate, or (haJLbuy more than the number contained in the fame, or (hall not produce the said certificate to an infpedlor, churchwarden, or overseer of the poor; every such person (hall* for every beast bought contrary to the * true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; the said penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, ap-Cattle tobe plied, and disposed of, as is herein after directed.  bought within

XXV.  Provided always, That no cattle (hall be deemed to be aate’of certiL-bought by virtue of such certificate as aforesaid, unless the fame ficate.

afe purchased withip one month from the date thereof.  If cattle are

XXVI.  And be it further enadbed by the authority aforesaid, floppy* for. That when and as often-as any cattle (hall be flopped for warrt ^”^ cer"

A a a  of

34$

Anno dedmo Georgii IIL 0.45a. ' £1769*

60n®*,e« ^ of a proper certificate,, pursuant and in obedience to such orders back" o the last as a^ore^> the conftable, or other proper ofiicer of the towiifhip conftablewick,** pari(h where the said cattle (hall be fo flopped, (hall eaufe such cattle, with all convenient expedition, to be driven back to , . the next conftablewick from whence they lad came; and (hall tice thereof to 8*v* notice thereof to the conftable, or other proper officer of the proper of- (uch next conftablewick, who (hall, and he is hereby required to fleer, who is to receive the said cattle, and to eaufe the fame to be driven through recem themihis conftablewick to the next conftablewick from whence such be plrc2eeded° catt*e were driven, the constable or other parifti officer whereof against in like (hall receive the fame as aforesaid, and fo from conftablewick to manner, till conftablewick until such cattle (hall arrive at the first town (hip at or P*ace thejaid county, riding, divifion, or liberty*through Sp through1* which they were fuflered to oafs without a proper certificate, which they they (hall be treated in such and the like manner as cattle which palled 3, have been within one mile of an infected place are by this a£t, and be treated or by any 0f bis Majesty’s orders of council made or to be made whic^have *n that hehalf, deemed to be treated*  4l

been within i XXVII. And whereas there are no such officers ms overseers of the mile of an in- poor and churchwardens in that part of Great Britain called Scot-fedled place. ]and; therefore, in order to carry this aft* in that part of the united ^tte^di- kingdom, into execution; be it enacted by* the authority aforefaid* demeby0over- ^at all matters and things appointed to be dope and executed seers and * hy the overseers of the poor and churchwardens in that part of churchwar- Great Britain called England, (hall, in Scotland, be done and ex-dens in Eng- ecuted by the conftat>les, infpe&ors, or other officers to be appointed by the justices of the peace for that purpose, at their re-ipe&ive quarter* fe(fions„or any adjournment thereof*

XXVIII. And in order to make provifton, in that part of the ignited kingdom called Scotland,/$r any expence that mdy attend the execution of this fervice, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the land tax.

land, are, in Scotland, to be done by such officers as q. sessions (hall appoint.

and they are hereby impowered to a fiefs their refpe<ftive counties in Scotland to in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds for each county, to be leaflets their vied and collected in the fame proportions, and according to the counties for faine ^ujes wjfh the land tax ; and which sum the refpe&i ve col-Mecuting0this W*°rs of the land tax for each county are hereby required to collect and ifiue, by order of the respective justices of the peace, < or the major part of them assembled at the quarter-feffions, or Pecuniary pe- adjournment thereof.

nalties may be XXJX. And it is hereby further ena&ed. That wherefoever

* by s  ............ ~  ‘  ~

recovered I conviction before juftices.

or by a£Hdn of debt. Sec*

any person (hall, for any offence to be hereafter committed a-gainft this a<5l, or any law now in being relating to the preventing the spreading of the contagious distemper amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, upon conviction before any juf** tice or justices of the peace; it (hall and may be lawful for any other person whatfoever, either to proceed to recover the faid" penalty by information and conviction before anyjuftice or justices of the peace, in such manner as is directed by this aft, or to sue for the fame.by action of debt or on the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi&Majefty’s courts of record $ wherp?

1  in

/

*769.] .Anno decimo GeoRGII III. c. 45.  347

in no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one im- Plaintiff re* parlance (hall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if, he re- £0*€r^nS,hf° covers, (hall likewise have his double cods.  *****

XXX.  Provided, That all suits and actions to be brought by Limitation of virtue of this a£, (hall be brought before the end of the next actions, term after the offence committed; and that no offender againit

any of the laws now in being, for the preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle,

(hall be prosecuted twice for .the fame offence.  A

XXXI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That all the commissioners of the land tax, and redtors or vicars {^4 tax, rec. who are rated to the land tax for one hundred pounds per annum tors, and ri-ihall, in their respective parifties, and they are hereby impower- can, rated to cd to grant certificates of health for cattle, in as full and ampleland Ux/°rn.' manner as any justice or justices of the peace are impowered in autbonfedto* any manner whatsoever to do $ for which said certificates no fee grant certifier reward whatsoever (hall be taken.  cates.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person grant- .

That from and. after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- ing certificate, sand seven hundred and feventy, all persons whatsoever taking t? *ct *°rhha£ upon them to grant certificates in pursuance of this a<5t, or his  *

.Majjefty’s orders relating thereto, (hall fet forth, in every fucb grants it. certificate, by virtue of what office he grants such certificate,  ,

whether as jufiice of the peace for any county, city, or borough, commissioner of the land tax, or otherwise ; and in cafe any person (hall neglect fo to do, such person (hall, for every such offence refpe&ively, forfeit and p^y the sum of ten pounds of law- 10j pen^ ful money of Great Britain for every such negleCt; to be recov- 0n neglect/ ered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his

Majefty’s courts of record at Wejtminfler^ with full colts of iiiit; wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXXIII.  And b$ it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid. That the justices of the peace within their refpeCtive divi- jnfpeC# {ions, at their petty feffions, or the major part of them then and tors, there affembled, within that part of Great Britain called England,

(hall have full power and authority, by virtue of this a&, and any order or orders made or to be made in that behalf as aforesaid, to appoint any person or persons to be infpeCtor or infpeCtors of . any houfes, buildings, grounds, fields, and cattle, within their said divifioqs, to be assistant to the conftables, churchwardens, fa manner di-and overseers of the poor; in such manner as the justices of the retted by or-peace, at their general quarter-feffions, were, by hjs late Ma-cottn* jefty’s order in council, dated the twenty-fecond of Marcby one v£m%%Maf* thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, impowered to do. '

XXXIV.  Provided, That no feller or buyer of any such cat- No certificate tie as aforesaid (hall be obliged, in consequence of such order or need be taken orders as aforesaid, to take out either of the said certificates,

where both the feller and buyer live in the fame parilh, or in fei£r ijve fa the next adjacent pari(h or place, or within five miles distance of the fame pa-each other: provided that the fe]ler of such cattle has been in «fli. or within^ A a 3  thefiv«

348  Anno dlecimo G«orgii Ilf. c. 45*

each other; the possession of the cattle fo to be fold forty days at the least bc-Idler has ^ ^ore  * ant* as ^ buyer k^P5 the (aid cattle three

been^pof- months at the least from the time he purebafes the fame; and feilion oMnch fo as the infectious distemper amongst the horned cattle be not cattle 40 days, within the space of ten miles of the fellers abode, and that the buyer feller and buyer live in the fame county; any thing in this a<St

aS t0 thc contrary BOtwithftanding.

diftemper be XXXV. And whereas the magijlrates of feme corporations^fituated not within io within counties at large* may in some places presume to bold fairs and abode^and^8 mar^ets for tbefale of'horned cattle, when tin justices of the peacefor both live in the ^e county at large way have prohibited fairs and markets to be holden feme county, in the said county, pursuant to and during the continuance of orders made in that behalf as aforesaid, which in a great measure will fruf~ irate the said prohibition, and occasion many difputes; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feventy, where the justices of the peace for any county "at large have already prohibited, or (hall hereafter think proper to prohibit fairs and markets to be holden for the sale of horned Prohibition of cattle within such county, such prohibition made as aforesaid fairs and mar- (hall be deemed and taken to extend to all corporations within kets made by such county, or surrounded by or lying contiguous to such coun-coundes’at > any charter, privilege, or exemption to the contrary not* large, extend- withftanding: and in cale any such magistrate (hall wilfully and ed to corpo- knowingly proclaim or give notice, or cause to be proclaimed or rations within notice to be given of any fair or market for horned beafts, or ZSSST wilfully an<* knowingly permit any homed bead to be tics.  brought into, or fold at any fair or market within his jjurifdic-

tion, during such prohibition as hforefaid, such magistrate (hall loo 1. penalty forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money -maturate 0f Great Britain, to any person who (hall sue for the fame in Offending. _ Qf ^;s Ma jetty's courts of record at Wejhmnjler, wherein no efloin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

Magiftrates, XXXVI. And be it further enaCted, That from and after the artif°for>anv *wenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe-bekfts^or hides, venty, no justice of the peace or other magistrate of any corpo-but such as ration, qr commissioner of the land tax for such corporation, or bavebeenkept reCtor or vicar within any corporation, during the continuance ' writh1ngthelrCd  orc*ers as aforesaid, (hall certify for any horned bead but

jurifdiction, * such as have been kept within his jurifdiCtion for the time required by law, nor for the hide of any beast but such as have been slaughtered within his jurifdi&ion; any former law or fta-tute to the contrary notwithftanding: and in .cafe any such magistrate (hall take upon him to grant certificates otherwise than as aforesaid, such magistrate (hall forfeit and pay the sum of twen-pn penalty of ty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every certificate #  fo granted, to any person or persons that (hall sue for the fame;

/  to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in

> *  - gny of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler% with full

U9

¥, all I*

'in

belt

tail

hi

k

ih

«/

«

«r

ft.

ra?

la

:»h

nr;

p:

&r '

i.

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. 6.46J

coffs of fuit; wherein no efloin, privilege, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.  T  A.

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted by this ad, That it (hall

and may be lawful for any four or more of the justices of the ter feilions, peace of any county within this realm, at their general quarter- on infor-feflions, or any adjournment thereof upon information given to ctb^. them that such distemper is in any neighbouring county, to pro- {jj aer™Pneigh-hibit for a certain time, or until the distemper (hall ceafc in such bouring coua-county, any ox, bull, ccw, calf, fleer or heifer from being driv- ty, en or removed, or any hides, (kins or flesh carried from fucK county, or from any hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward or j5* brought " other division of such county fo infeded, into the county fo mak- from thence ing fiich order; and in cafe any person (hall ad contrary to such into their order, such person (hall incur the penalties and forfeitures here- p0m!?# in before enacted against persons driving cattle without certi- dffobeying ficates.  their prohi-

XXXVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore- bition. faid. That if any action or fuit (hall be commented against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this ad,

the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the special matter in evidence General ^ttC* at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of ttiis ad, or of some rule, order or regulation made or to be made in pursuance this ad: and if it (hall appear fo' to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non* fuited, or difeontinue his action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble coftti remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXXIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Act to eon* faid. That this ad (hall continue and be in force until the twen- g ** ty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven htindred and fe- &c. * J verity-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflioit

of parliament.

CAP. XLVL

An act for establishing a lottery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting ad a Geo. 3. Perfons possessed of annuities in the {oint stock of 4/per cents, and who have or (hall signify their confent, in books opened at the bank, to accept t>f an annuity of 31. per cent* to commence from 5 Jan. 1770, areintitled, for every tool, to tool, in the joint stock of 3 percents, and to two lottery tickets; and to have a receipt for 4.!. in part of 141. for each ticket, &c. Subscriber* to pay in respect of every ticket, See. 11. by 15 June j *1, by »o July; 3I. by *i Aug. and 4]. by *5 t Sept. 1770$ tickers to be delivered to fubferibers completing their fub-icriptions. Contributors paying in the whole of their fubferiptions by 17 Auguft, to be allowed interest after the rate of 31, per cent* to *5 Sept. 2770* In cafe any tickets (hall remain unfubferibed, any persons may contribute for the pprehafe of them, at 14 pounds per ticket., On mak-A a 4  ing

Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 46,  £1765}.

fng the following depofits, viz. of 4I. by 10 May, il. by v 5 June, % 1. by *0 July, 31. by 21 Aug. and 4I. by 25 Sept. 1770. On completing fub-(cription, tickets to be delivered to contributors. Contributors paying in the whole of their fubfcripdons by 17 Aug. to be allowed filtered after the rate of 31. per cent, to .the ajth of Sept. 1770; to be paid by the caihier* Cafhier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treafury to apply the money to the service voted this feffion. 500,0001. to be diftnbuted into prizes 3 and paid into the bank, out of the Supplies granted this feilion. .Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cafhiers of^tbe bank, taking a receipt j for the fame. Calhiers to return the books, with the undifpoied tickets* I with an account of the monies paid in. The undisposed tickets to be deli* vered into the exchequer, &c. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with (ilk 3 and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared  I

with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets to be printed. The  J

number and value of the fortunate tickets, 1,0001. to tne firtt-drawa ticket. See. and i,oool. to the latt-drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the latt-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwife into a box marked with the letter (B). Box to be locked up and fealed. Bufinefs of rolling up the tickets, &c. to be performed within fix days preceding the drawing. Public notice to be given of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 19 Nov. 1770. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. After each day’s drawing, the boxes to be locked up and fealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes relating hereto, to be ad-fufted by the managers. Penalty of forging, &c. tickets or. certificates* felony. Managers to be fworn. The oath. Cafhier to receive the sums fpbfcribed, before receiving the lottery book 3 and to give a note for the fame 3 the bearers intitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for every 141. fo paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times Hfaited, forfeit their deposits with refpedfc to the lottery 3 and the tickets for fucb sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treafury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expences. Limitation of the sale of chances, &c. Penalty. Office-keepers, Sec. felling (hares in tick- . ets of which they are not pofiefled, forfeit 5001, Offences committed in Iceland agafiift a£ts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punifhable, and the penalties may be sued for in Dublin, Yhe sum of 500,0001. payable in respect of the fortunate tickets, charged upon the aids in general

Santed this session 3 and to be paid at the bank without deduction. After e drawing of the lottery, tne tickets to be exchanged for certificates* 1 Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for'entering the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged,

Sec. Certificates to be figned, See. Treafury to discharge all incident charges attending the execution of. this No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution monies, or for ifiuing receipts or monies, on penalty of iol* Annuities fubferibed to in purluance of this a&r to be deemed part of the joint stock of 31. per cent, annuities transferable at tlje bank, and fo be payable out of the sinking fund 5 subject to redemption by parliament. Annuities to be deemed perfona] eftates, not' defc£riaabl4 to heirs, nor liable to foreign attachment. Such part of the joint stock Of 4I. per cent, annuities as (hall be fubferibed for at the rate of 31. per cent, to be understood to be redeemed after 5 April, 1770.

Ijank to continue a corporation till these annuities are redeemed. Bank piot to incur any difability. General iffue. Treble cofts.

) 1769-] • Anno decimo Georgii III. 0. 47,'  $51

In

5 .  CAP.  XLVII.

I \jin aft for Utter regulating persons employe# ip the service of the East India company* and for other purposes therein ■ mentioned*

WHEREAS by an aft faffed in the seventh year of fir Preamble, r$-reign of his late majesty King George the Firft* intituled* citj”S An aft for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from7 *• trading to the East Indies under foreign cominifllons, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover* Deal* and the iile of Thanet; it was amongst other things enafted* That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for bis Majesty* s attorney-general for the time being* at the relation of the said company* or by bis own authority* to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majesty* s court of exchequer* againjl any ferfon or persons trading* dealing* trafficking* or adventuring* at any time from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one tboufandyeven hundred and twenty-one* in* to* or from the East Indies, or places therein before mentioned* contrary to law\ or againjl any person or persons concerned as agent* fafter* or copart- . per with such illegal traders; for discovering of such their trading* dealing* trafficking* and adventuring, and for recovering of such du- : fies and damages as are therein and herein after-mentioned: waving _ or difclaiming* in every such bill* all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons for the matters in such bill or bills contained; and that such person or persons Jhould anjwer the find bill or bills* and not plead or demur to the discovery thereby fought •* and pay to his Majesty the customs and duties of the goods and merchandizes arifing* produced* or purcbafed by the said unlawful trade, traffick* or,adventuring; and Jhould anjwer and pay to the said company for the fame thirty pounds per centum, according to the value thereof *7? England : and whereas the said sum of thirty pounds per centum fo enacted to be paid to the find united company* as and for damages on account of such illicit trade as aforefaid* bath been found inadequate and insufficient for preventing the said illicit trade* and for making good to the said company the damage they have sustained thereby: now* for the more effectually preventing such illicit trade, and for making a better compensation or recompence to the said united company* by way of damages* for any loss or prejudice they may fuf-tain by the illicit practices aforefaid* be it enacted by the Kind’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefentPerfons con- * parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame. That c*tnJcfjntllli" from and after the passing or this aft, all and every person or pay £ gJJ * perfons, adventurer or adventurers, prosecuting or concerned indiacompany

in such illicit trade, traffick and dealings as aforesaid, (hall, over iool. percent and belides the duties and customs by law payable to his jefty, forfeit and pay to the said united company the sum of one tjJetoie^ in? hundred pounds per centum* according to the value, in England* stead of former of the goods, merchandizes, and effefts, fo illicitly traded, penalty $

traf*

35*

to be recovered as by a&

7 Geo. x. '

Anno decimo GboRGII III. C. 47; f 1769.

trafficked, or dealt in, instead and in lieu of the said sum of thirty pounds per centum, mentioned in the said a& j which said fusn of one hundred pounds per centum, (hall and is hereby directed to be sued for and recovered in such and the like manner, as in and by the said recited adt made in the seventh year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Firft, is preferibed and enadted, with respect to the /aid sum of thirty-pounds per centum; any thing therein to the contrary noftvith-lianding.

II.  And whereas funiry captains and other officers and mariners of JhipSy in the service of the said united company, bound to India, do oftentimes in a clandejline manner carry and transport to the £aft Indies aforesaid great quantities of artillery, ordnance, mufijuets9 fire arms, ammunition, and warlike fiores9 and there fed and dijpofe thereof to the natives, and also to powers in those parts at war or in enmity with the said unitea company, or to 'other persons through whose hands the fame do or may come to the use of such powers 5 to the great injury of the publicity as well as of the said urnted company and their pojfeffions and trade in India: therefore, 40 the end that such s full practices may for the future be remedied and prevented, be it Pterfbns hi the further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every Indiacompa- °®cer anc* officers, mariners, or other person or perfons, in the ny tranfport- service of the said united company, who (hall, from and after the passing of this a&, carry, tranfport, or fend, or cause to be carried; transported, or sent to the Eafi Indies, aforesaid, or (hall put or cause to be' put on board any (hip in the service ^of the said united company trading to the Eafi Indies^ any artillery, ordnance, mufquets, fire arms, ammunition, or warlike (tores of any kind whatfoever, or (hall knowingly aid or assist therein, without the licence or authority of the said united company, with intention or for the purpose of tranfporting, felling, trafficking, bartering, exchanging, or otherwise uttering or dif-pofing of the fame in the East Indies, or within the limits of the (aid united company’s trade; (hall, in every such cafe, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a high crime and mifdetneanour* and as such (hall and may be prosecuted for the fame in his Ma-Gvte's>Bench, s court of King's Bench at Wefiminfter; and such person or and be liable’ persons fo offending being convidied, (nail be liable to such Corfu corporal poral puniftiment or fine as the said court (hall think fit. ponifhment or HI, And whereas, by one other aft of parliament pajfed in the fe-

A& 7 Geo. 3. ventP Iear °f re*&n °f^s Prefent Majesty 9 intituled, An a£t for ‘ ** regulating certain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies,' it was enabled. That no dividend Jbould be made by the said company, for or in refp'eft of any time subsequent to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand /even hundred and fixty-seven, otherwise than in pursuance of a vote or refolution, pajfed by way of balloting, in a general court of the said company, which fiall have been summoned for the purpoje of declaring a dividend, and of the meeting of which general court for such purpose, seven days notice at the leajl shall have been given in writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and it was thereby further tnafted> Thai no' balloting upon

anj

ing any warlike ftores,

or afiifting therein, with intent to dif-pofe of the fame in the East Indies, or within the limits of the company's trade,

may be prosecuted in the court of

*769*1 Anno tfedmo GeoRGII III. C. 47;  ,  553

any qutjlitn proposed in any general court a/the find company, relative to any matter whatfoever, Jhoyld be begun within a left /pace e/Jime than eight hours after the adjournment or breaking up of the general court in which it /ball hove been determined that fucb question Jbould be decided by balloting: and whereas the balloting for every dividend of the said company, as prescribed by the lafi recited a£t, would be attended with much inconvenience and delay, in cafes where no alteration in tbf rate of the said company's dividend is made or intended to be made: and whereas the time or space of eight hours thereby also prescribed for taking fucb balloting in queftion, and not relative to the declaration of a dividend, is not sufficient to give the proprietors at large of the said company's flock a full and fair opportunity to ener-eife their right-of taking fucb part in every such determination as they are intitled to by lawtherefore, for preventing the aforesaid incon-veniemits for the future, be it enacted by the authority afore-laid. That from and after the passing of this ad, when any When a din-half yearly or other dividend of the said company (hall be voted dend Hull be and declared by a general court of proprietors, not varying or clared^y * differing from the rate of the said company’s dividend for the general court, last preceeding half year, that then and in every such cafe, it not differing (hall not be necessary for the laid general court of the said com- from the rate pany to proceed to a ballot respecting such dividends > but that a declaration from the chairman for the time being of the said preceding company of the voting and agreeing of the general court of pro- naif year, prietors to such dividend, lhall be a sufficient notice and audio- ^declaration rity for declaring and making such dividend j and that from and  ^

after the passing of this ad, no balloting upon any question TOte> to proposed in any general court of the said company, relative to be sufficient any matter whatsoever, (hall be begun within a less space of time “p***  '  de-

than twenty-four hours after the adjournment or breaking-up of JjjJjJjJJJ a the general court in which it (hall have been determined that No balloting such question ftiould be decided by balloting; any thing in the to be begun said last recited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.  within leu

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefetd. That if any person or persons whatsoever employed by or in the service ^^t V gene-of the said united company, in any civil or military ftation, of- ral court? fice, or capacity whatsoever in the Eafl Indies, or deriving or^company’s claiming any power, authority, or jurifdidion, by or from the servants in tho said united company, (hall, after the passing of this ad, be guilty Ea® Indies of oppressing any of his Majesty’s subjects beyond the seas withr or^" in their respective jurifdidions; or, in the exercise of any such Li™-.-ftation, office, employment, power, or authority derived or claimed'by, from, or under the said united company, or (hall maybe tried be guilty of any other crime or offence;, fucb oppreffions, in me court of 1 crimes, and offences, (hall and may be enquired of, heard, and King's Bench, determined, in his Majesty’s court of King's Bench in England; and punished and such puniftunents (hall be inflicted on such offenders, as are ^nraitt«Ua I usually inflicted for offences of the like nature committed in that England.

I  part of Great Britain called England; and that the fame, and all

I  pther offences committed against this ad, may be alledged to be

com-

1"

I

354  'Anno  dgcimo  Georgii IIT. c. 48.'  [1769;

Crime maybe committed, and may bp laid, enquired of, and tried in the *lledg-£ «>«nty of MiddUfex.

MWdtef«t.m  V’ And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

■ Defendants  ^ anions, or fuits, brought against the faia united compa-may plead the ay, their agents, or fervants, or any person deriving authority

under the said company, for any thing by him or them done in such capacity, from and after the palling of this aft, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or fuit, may plead the General iflue. general iflue, and the special matter in evidence.

Pabftck aft. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That this aft (hall bedeemed and taken to be a publick aft; of which notice (hall be judicially taken, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatfoever, without specially pleading the fame. Defendants to VII. provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the defendant or defendants, or his or their attorney, (hall ticeofthefub- driver to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such aftion, or his fiance of his or their attorney, a notice in writing, dgned by the defendant or defence} - defendants, or his or their attqrney, of the substance of the defence or defences winch he or they intend to rely upon, fjx days before the trial of such aftion, in cafe the fame is to be tried in a n London or Middleftx % and eight days before the trial thereof, in and than not cafe the fame is to be tried in any other county j and the de-df an^mattcri fendantor defendants (hall not, by virtue of this aft, be per-»ot contained mitted, at the trial of any such aftion/ tq give evidence of any therein; matters not contained in such notice.

CAP. XLVIII,

An aSt far making the receiving of stolen jewel's, and gold and Jilver ■plate, in the cafe of burglary and highway robbery, more penal.

Preamble. TX/" HE REAS the facility with which Jiolen jewels, and gold.

V V and filter plate, are difpoftd of, is one principal cause of the '  frequent tommiffm of burglaries and highway robberies j and the pre-

fent laws against the receiving of Jiolen goods, are found injufficient to deter persons from that praftice: may it therefore please your Ma-

■  Aft | jtfty* that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod

excedent majefty, by and with the advice and coqfent of the receiving jew- lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parch, gold or liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Over plate, every perfon, who from and after the first day of June, one knowingUi’em thousand seven hundred and feventy, (hall buy or receive any to be Aden, (iolen jewel or jewels, or any stolen gold or diver plate, watch or watches, knowing the fame to have been ftolen, (hall, in all cafes where such jewel or jewels, or gold or silver plate, (hall triable as well bave been felonioudy ftolen, accompanied with a burglary ac-betore as after tually committed in the dealing the fame, or ihall have been conviction of felonioudy taken by a robbery on the highway, (hall be triable Sm^'aadon *s before conviction of the principal felon, ip such felony * " ’  and

Anno-dedmo GiotGil ill. c. 49?  35$

and. burglary hr robbery, whether he (hall be in or out df cufto-convi&iort, to dy, as after his convidtion: and ifany perfon, fo buying Qr re- betranfpoite* ceiving such jewel or jewds, or gold or silver plate, (hall be con-tor *♦ J'ean* vidted thereof, he (hall .be adjudged guilty of felony, and be tranfpOrted to Come of his Majesty’s plantations in America for  ■>

the (pace of fourteen years, according to the laws .in force for transportation of felons.

CAP. XLIX.

Ah Hft for continuing and amending several ails for fire-, venting abuses in making bricks and tiles.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned bam been found Preamble to be very ujeful and beneficial, and ore near expiring : may it please your Majefiy, that it may .be enabled; and bp it enacted by the King's most excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporaj, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and hy the autho-rity of the fame. That an adt made in the twelfth year of the Act 1* Geo. r» reign of his majesty King George the Firft, intituled. An act to-prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain tie , dimensions thereof and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles $ and — an adt made in the second year of the reign of his majesty King *  **

George the fecond, intituled. An act to explain and amend an aft made in the twelfth'year of his late Majefiy’s reign, intituled. An adt to prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to afeertain. the dirhenfions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combina- -tions amongst any bricklayers or tilemakers, within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price- • of bricks or tiles and ari adt made in the third year of his (aid S Gee. *• Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for amending the afts therein . mentioned relating to the making of bricks;. and also fo much of an adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, .9 ',eo*5* intituled. An aft fir reviving several afts for preventing abuses in making bricks and tiles; and for indemnifying jufiices of the peace, and others, who have aifted under the said afts; and for tndmnifyisig  ' • -

per fens who have omitted to make and file affidavits; and for allowing-further time for paying duties omitted to. be paid upon contrafts with clerks and apprentices; for making forth duplicates ofexchequerbills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and Other Arders,. lofl, burnt, or defrayed-, and for repaying to Jofeph Clover ami.

John Gill the duty by them paid on a cargo of wheat,, and for allowing • • the fame to be landedfor home consumption and for preventing parijb. poor being paid in base or counterfeit coin . as relates to pricks and as relate to files, which were fo have continuance to the end of this fef. bricks and fion of parliament, (hall be, and the lame are hereby further con-eod. * tinued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth, day of nued to *9.' September, on? thousand feyen hundred and feventy-three, and Sept. 177s/ *

from

'2$6  AnnodedmoGiokGft III. C49*  tx7^9>

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. Clay for mak-  H. And be jt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

tag brick* for 9(] c|ay wi,ich (hall be due or designed for making any bricks e  for fate, in any place or places within the kingdom of England,

to be turned (hall bq turned at lead once between the first day of February °IM>bet d***1 an(^*!*• time of beginning to make such bricks; and if any per-fon or persons (hall make any bricks of any clay which (hall not tag,  be turned once within the said time, he or they (hall forfeit and

on penalty of pay the sum of ten (hillings for every thousand of bricks fo jo t. per 1000 made; to he levied, recovered, and applied, in such manner as oncK*. other penalties and forfeitures are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said former ads, or this present ad. Perfons in III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and aftefr the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be earth atany  f°r any person or persons withii^jbe (aid city of Loudon,

7 and limits aforesaid, to dig or caufc to be dug, at any time in the fo m the fame year, brick-earth for the making of bricks, provided such earth be turned ' & turned once before the fame is made into bricks; any thing •faMdetaito^ *n  rec'tc<i  of the twelfth year of his late majefty

bricks. King George the firft, to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

Sieve* not to IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That exceed a quar- the fizc of the sieves or screens for lifting or screening sea coal tat ween the a^les to mixed with brick-earth, in the making of bricks, (hall not exceed one quarter of an inch between the malhes of such sieve or fcreen; any thing in the laid recited ads, or any of them to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Breeze to be V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That used only in it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons burning brick* whomfoever, to use cinders (comtncAly called Breeze) only in an clamp*. the burning of bricks in clamps; any thing in the said ad of * the third year of his said late Majesty to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bricks 8 inch- VI. And whereas the dimertjim of bricks preferred in and by the in— +*bioad,/”^  <*#*>  have  been found inconvenient within the city of Lon-

and »^md an* don, and liberties and fubvrbs thereof; be it further enacted by the 1 half thick, authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this ad, it (haU-and may be lawful to and for any person or persons what-trom penalty.  anj  j,urn bricks within the said city and limits.

Which, when burnt, (hall riot be Ief9 than eight inches and an half long, nor left than four inches broad, nor less than two inches and an half thick; and that no penalty (hall be incurred for or in respect of bricks of the said dimenfions; any thing in , the said recited ads to the contrary notwithftanding.  |

This ad not VII. Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall to extend*0 extend, or be construed to extend,- to alter the dimensions of I moretfuraie  prescribed  in  the said ad of the twelfth year of George the I

mile* from 5 firft,’ which (hall be made.within any part of England, beyond i London. the said diftarice of fifteen miles of the (aid city of London.

VIII.  And whereas the method of recovering the penalties andfor- ' "  feitures 'impofed in and bp the said afts has been found inconvenient;

be !

i 7^9*1 ' Anno decimo GeoRGII III. 0.49*

be it enabled. That from and after the palling of this aft* all penalties and forfeitures by the said ads inflicted or authorised to be impofed, (hall and may, upon proof of the offences re* fpedively, and conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed; which justice is hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the fame, either by the confession of the -party or parties, or by the oath of one witnefs, be levied by di- P^aitte m«f stress and sale df the goods and chattels of the party dr parties  by

offending, by warrant or warrants under the hand and leal of * such justice (which warrant or warrants such justice is hereby authorised and required to grant for those purposes, and to ad-minifter such oath gratis) and the overplus, after such penalties! and forfeitures, and the charges of such distress and sale are re* covered and deducted, (hall be returned on demand to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels; and all such penal- an£ ties and forfeitures (hall, from time to time, be paid, one moie- fnferaer the ty thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the other to the poor of the parish wherein the offender or offenders (hall live; poor* and in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, or such penal- £?*; ties and fprfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be law-dermay°be ful for such juftice, and he is hereby authorised and required by committed# warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common goal or house of corredion for the county, riding, divilion, or place where the matter (hall arise there to remain without bail or main prize for any time not exceeding two calendar months, un-lefs such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges,

(hall be sooner paid and fatisfied,

IX.  Andy for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders a- Conviction to gainjt this or any- of the said aft$y hie it further enacted. That all be drawn up and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom !n tlle follow* any person or persons (hall be convicted of any offence againfting *arBCU this or any of the said ads, (hall and may caute the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any form of words to the fame effed, as the cafe (hall happen; videlicet,

B

E  it remembered. That the

day of

in the year of our Lord A B convicted before me C D, one of hit Majefy's jufues of the for the county or place  of♦

(fpecifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe shall be).

Given under my hand and feal the day and year aforefaid.

* • *

X.  Provided always, arid be it.ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That no penalty infixed by the said former a&s or thi*

•  ‘  4  a(ft>

35$  Anno Secimo GEokGil til. e.50.  {17%/

Penalties in s<ft, in respect of the dimensions of bricks, (hall be recovered, respect of di- unjefs the information (hall be laid within the space of one briSu'notto month next after the sale or delivery of such bricks in respect of be recovered, which such penalty (hall be incurred, nor (hall any person be li-unlefs infor- able to more than one penalty for any one offence, matron be laid  XI.. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-

after ' "ty aforesaid, T/iat if any person or persons (hall think him, fale, &c.  her, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of :

Perfons ag- ^is aft, such peribn or persons may, within the space oif four grieved may calendar months after the cause of complaint (hall have arifen, appeal to the appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division or place, wherein ’ the cause of codiplaint (hall arife; such appellant first giving, or giving norice, causing to be given twenty-one entire days notice at the least in writiog of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause or .matter thereof to the person or persons whose afts are complained againft, and within eight days after such notice, en-ahd entering tering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for into recogm- the respective county, riding, division or place, with two fuffi-cance* dent fureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay such costs as (hall be awarded by the justices Juftices to de- at fuc^ quarter-feflions: and the said justices at their (aid fef-termine final- (ions, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, ly,  and of the entering into such recognisance, (hall proceed in and

hear and finally determine the caules and matters of such appeals and award  in .'a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing

cofts.  or appealed againft, as they the said justices (hall think proper;

and the determination of (uch quarter-feflions (half be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and no order made concerning any of the matters aforesaid or any other proceedings to be bad touching the conviction or convi&ions of any offender against this or any of the said a&s, (hall be quaftied for want of Mo Certiorari. form, or be removed by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever into any of bis Majesty** courts of record at IVefi-minfler.

CAP. L.

A* 68 for the further preventing delays of justice by reason ■ of privilege of parliament.

greaable, \T7’HEREAS the several laws heretofore made far refraining the VV privilege of parliament, with respect to actions or suits commenced and prosecuted at any time from and immediately after the dif-folufiontr prorogation of any parliament, until a new parliament Jhould meety dr the fame be reafiembled-, and from and immediately after an adjournment of both houses of parliament for above the space of fourteen days, until both houses Jbould meet or ajfemblt; are infujfieient to ' obviate the ineonvenuneits arising front the delay of suits by reason of privilege of parliament; whereby the parties often Jofe the benefit of several teems: for the preventing all delays toe King or his fubjofls may receive in profmting their feveretl rights, titles, debts, dues, demands.

. i 7694] Anno d&ifoo GEO&tni III. g. 50?  359

ttrands,  fuitsy for which they have caufei be it enacted by the After *4. June,

King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent.of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons in this  «

prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, cord, equity. That from and after the twenty-fourth dafy of Jude one thou-or admiralty! farid seven hundred and feyenty, any person or per/ons (hall and and courts may, at any time, commence and profeciite any action or fuit in having cog-any court of record, or court of equity, or of admiralty, and in all causes matrimonial and teftamentary, in any court having monial and * Cognizance of cauies matrimonial and teftamentery, again# any (eftamentary,

Eeer or lord of parliatrfetft df Great Britain, or agairift any of the ag^inft peers, nights, citizens, 2nd bufgefles, arid the commissioners ^orof tbThourer# (hires and burghs of the house of commons of Great Britain for common”and the time beirig, or against their or any of their menial or any their lervants, Other fervants, or ariy other person intitled to the privilege of&c. parliament of Great Britain; and no such aftion, fuit, or any o- But the per-ther process or proceeding thereupon, (hall at any time be im~fon& of mem-peached, ftayed, or delayed, by or under colour or pretence of !*r?>of:rthe anV privilege of parliament.  mon^T

II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted by the au- be arrested or thority dfordfaid. That nothing in this aft (hall extend to subject imprifoned, the person of any of the knights, citizens, artd burgefles, or the Court out of commissioners of (hires and burghs of the house of commons of which writ Great Britain for the time being, to be arrested of imprisoned upon any such fuit or proceedings. #  t0 beer and

III And whereas the process by Diftringas is dilatory and expenfive: money ariiing for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thereby to be the court out of which the writ proceeds, may order the iffiies levied from time to time to be fold, ind the money arising there-to p am~ by to be applied to pay such costs to the plainnff, as the (aid orpins to be Court (hall think juft, under all the circumftances, to order; and retained till the surplus to be retained Until the defendant (hall hive appear- appearance of ed, or other purpose of the writ be anfwered.  Wheii i®?*

IV.  Provided always, when the purpose of the writ is answered pose isaniwer-that then the said issues (hall be returned ; or if fold, what (hall ed* issues to be remain of the money arising by such fale, (hall be repaid to the”*"*®**1

party distrained upon.  monet rt-

V.  And be it further declared and enacted by (he authority, maining to aforesaid, That obedience may be enforced to any rule of his be repaid. Majesty's courts of king's bench, Common pleas, or exchequer. Obedience to against any perfoti intitled to privilege of parliament, by distress ™ urt of Kings Infinite, in cafe any person or pdrfons intitled to the benefit of bench, com-fuch rule (hall chuse to proceed in that way.  j  mon pleas, or

VI.  Arid whereas an dfi was made in the twelfth and thirteenth exchequer, years of the reign of King William the thirds intituled, An acl^for forcedb^dif-preventing any inconveniencies that may happen,by privilege of tress infinite." parliament; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Aft i* and i j and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, the said aft, and s* also this aft, (hall extend to that part of Great Britain called  to

Scotland.

Vo 1. XXVIII.  Br  CAP.

Anno decimo. Georgii III. c.gti [176gl

CAP. LI.

An act to encourage the improvement of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under settlements of firift entail.

w HE R E A S by an a& of the parliament of Scotland, made

^ttne an aft" VV in ytar one thousand fix Hundred and eighty-five* inti-of the Scottifh tuled9 A& concerning taillies, all bis Majefly's fubjefis are im~ parliament, powered to taillie their lands and efiates in Scotland with fucb pro* 1685*  visions and conditions as they shall think fit, and with fuco irritant

and resolute clauses as to them shall seem proper j and which taillies, when completed and published in the manner dire fled by the said afl, are declared to be real and effectual against purchafers, creditors, and others whatfoever: and whereas many taillies of lands and efiates in Scotland, made as well before as after the passing thefaid aft, do contain clauses limiting the heirs of entail from granting tickets or leases of a longer endurance than their own lives, or for a small number of years only, whereby the cultivation of land in that part of this kingdom is greatly obflrufted, and much mischief arises to the publicki and which must daily increafe, fo long as the law allowing fucb entails fubfijls, if some remedy be not provided: wherefore, to.prevent a mijcbief and inconveniency fo hurtful to the publick, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Proprietors of feme, That it (hall and may be lawful to every proprietor entailedeftates of an entailed estate within that part of .Great Britain called may g> ant Scotland, to grant tacks or leases of all or any part or pans tacks for 14 thereof, for any number of years not exceeding fourteen years ooe™xilt!ng ^rom term Wbitfunday next after the date thereof, and for life j  the life of one person to be named in such tacks or leafes, and

or for % lives, in being at the time of making thereof; or for the lives of and 'life of two persons to be named therein, and in being at the time of making the fame, and the life of the survivor of them; or for any number of years, not exceeding thirty-one years from the term aforefaid.

II. Provided always. That every such lease for two. lives (hall contain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and indole, in a sufficient and lading manner, all the lands fo leafed within tl>e space of thirty years, and two third parts thereof within the space of twenty years, and one third part thereof within the (pace of ten years, if the said lease (hall continue for such respective terms; and that every such lease for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, (hall contain a claufe, obliging the tenant or tenants to fence and inclose in like manner all the lands fo leafed during the continuance of to beinclofcd. fuc[1 term, and two third parts thereof before the. expiration . oi two third parts of such term, and one third part thereof before the expiration of one third part of such term.

HI. And

fturviver { or for 31 'years.

'Specification of terms in which lands fo leafed are

Anno decimo Georgii Iff* c.517  361

III.  And provided alfo, That every such lease for two lives, heafe for *

or for any term of years exceeding nineteen years, (hall con- b*cs»or raore tain a clause obliging the tenant or tenants to keep and pre- toaoblIigeyte”> serve the fences, when made, in good and sufficient repair nant to keep during the leafe, and to leave them fo at the expiration there- fences in re-of; and that no inclosures which (hall be made, lhall compre- Pair» a"d tof hend more than forty acres in one field; excepting where the a^expiraTion. lands consist of hills or other grounds, incapable or improper Not more by their nature for culture by the plough; in which cafe, the than 4.0 acres inclosures may be made of such extent as the nature of the J® b® compre* ground (ball require.  •  gcd in 1

IV.  And whereas the building of villages and houses upon entailed except where ejlates may, in many cafes^ be beneficial to the publici> and might lands are im-eften be undertaken and executed, if heirs of entail were impowered Pr°Per £or

to encourage the fame, by granting long leases of lands for the pur-  *  -

pofe of buildings be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- Buildin*ff faid. That it mall be, and it is hereby declared to be, in the ieafea may power of every proprietor of an entailed eftate, to grant leases be gran ted for of land for the purpose of building, for any number of year9 99 year** not exceeding ninety-nine years.

V.  Provided always, That not more than five acres (hall be granted to any one perfon,“tither in his own name, or to

, any other person or persons in trust for him; and that every toaone such lease (hall contain a condition that the lease (hall be void* person $ and the fame is hereby declared void, if one dwelling-houfe at conditionally, lead, not under the value of ten pounds Jlerling, (hall not be built within the space of ten years from the date of the leafe, houfe^ebuilt, for each one half acre of ground comprehended in the leafe; &c. for every and that the said houses (hall be kept in good, tenantable, half acre* and sufficient repair; and that the lease (hall be void whenever there (hall be a less number of dwelling-houfes than one, of the value aforesaid, to each one half acre of ground, kept in such repair as aforesaid, (landing upon the ground fo leafed.

VI.  Provided also, That the power of leafing hereby given Manor-place (hall not in any cafe extend to, or be understood to comprd- not to be hend, a power of leafing, or setting in tack, the manor-place, leafed, office-houfes, gardens, orchards, or inclosures adjacent to the

manor-place, which have usually been in the natural poflfeffion

of the proprietor, or have not been usually let for a longer term

than seven years, when the heir in poflefiion was of lawful age;.

and that no lease of lands (hall be granted, under the autho- nor village

rity of this aft, for the purpose of building villages or houses built within

within three hundred yards of the manor-place usually in the

natural poflefiion of the proprietor.  tuereot.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enabled. That all leases Leafe not to made or to be granted under the authority of this adt, (hall be begranted fof* made or granted for a rent not under the rent payable by the leftrent tbfj1 last lease or fett, and without graffum fine or foregift, or any

benefit whatfoever, directly or indiredtly, reserved or accruing leafe$ to the grantor,, except the rent payable by the leafe; and thatnor till de« no such lease (hall £e granted till after the end or other ddter- termination

B b 2  mi-  thereof, <Scc.

Taillie containing ample powers,

Heir In pof-feflion may exercise the fame.

Proprietor laying out money for improvement of eftate, to be a creditor tofuCceed-ing heir for thiee fourths thereof*

provided the lame do not exceed 4 years free rent,after deduction of burdens, &c.

Proprietor irt-tenaing to lay out money on improvements, to give notice thereof i

and lodge a copy thereof with (heriff or iteward clerk j and, laying out money with intent

I

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.51.-  .  [1769.;

mination of any former lease of the fame premifles5 or that such leafe, if granted for a time certain, (hall be within one year of being determined; and that all leases otherwise granted (hall be void and null.

VIII.  And be it provided and declared by the authority a-forefaid. That if any taillie (hall, either expressly or by implication, contain powers of leafing more ample than are hereby given; the heirs of entail in pofreflion (hall be at liberty to ex-ercife all such powers, in the fame manner as if this aA had never been made.

IX.  And whereas it may be highly beneficial to the public, if proprietors of entailed ejlates were encouraged to lay out money in in-clofing, planting, or drainings or in erecting farm-hou/es9 and offices or out-buildings for the famey upon their entailed landsumd heritages : and whereas such proprietors men be induced and encouraged Jo to do, if they> their executors and ajjtgns, were secured in recovering a reasonable fatisfaftion, for the money expended in making such improvements, from the succeeding heirs of entail; be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforesaid, That every proprietor of an entailed estate who lays out money in inclofing, planting, or draining, or in ereAing farm-houfes, and offices or outbuildings for the fame, for the improvement of his lands and heritages, (hall be a creditor to the succeeding heirs of entail for three fourth parts of the money laid out in making the said improvements.

X.  Provided always, That the sum or sums of money laid out upon such improvements, by any one heir of entail during his or her poffeflion, (half not, in any cafe whatever, be effectual to conftitute’a claim against the succeeding heir of entail, for more than four years free rent of the said entailed eftate, after deduAion of all publick burdens, liferents, and interests of debts, which may affeA the said eftate, as the fame (hall happen to be at the first term of Whitfundoy after the death of the heir who expended the money claimed.

XI.  Provided alfo, That every proprietor of an entailed eftate, who intends to lay out money on such improvements, (hall, three months at lead before he begins to execute the fame, give notice in writing to the heir of entail next entitled to succeed to*the said estate after the heirs of the body of the said proprietor, if within Great Britain or Ireland, and if the heir next entitled to succeed is not within Great Britain or Ireland, (hall give notice in writing to the nearest male relation by his father of lawful age, or to his known faAor or attorney, of such his intention, specifying in such notice the kind of improvement intended, and the farms or parts of the estate upon which the improvements are intended to be made; and (hall lodge a copy thereof with the (heriff or steward clerk of the county wherein the lands lie.

XII* Provided likewife. That the proprietor of ad entailed eftate, who lays out money in making improvements upon his entailed eftate* with an intent of being a creditor' to the fucceeding

769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. 0,51.  363

ceeding heirs of entail in the manner above exprefled, (hall*0 become annually, during the making such improvements, within lpace of four months after the term of Martinmas, lodge with ^uaiiy^ith" the (heriff or steward clerk of the county within which the the (heriff or lands and heritages improved are fituated, an account of the toward clerk, money expended by him in such improvement during twelveo?moneynex-months preceding that term of Martinmas, subscribed by him, pended*, &c.~ with the vouchers by which the account is to be. supported when payment (hall be demanded or sued for.

XIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That when Heir o£ entail

a sum equal to four years free rent (hall have been laid outlaying out in manner above mentioned, by one or more heir or heirs of/our years entail, and (hall remain a subsisting charge against the fucceed- *ree r?nt» ing heirs; it (hall not be lawful for any subsequent heir or subsequent heirs to layout anymore money under the. authority of this heir not to lay a<ft, for any of the improvements afore-mentioned.  ont morCf

XIV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Sheriff and

all (heriff or stewart clerks, with whom the accounts, vouch- steward clerks ers, and copies of notice (hall be lodged, (hall, within voters space of one month thereafter, record them in a book to be  1

kept for that purpose, and return them when called fqr; and

(hall make the book patent to all persons desirous to (ee the fame; . and (hall give certified copies or extracts of all ac- an(j make cocounts, voucher£,vand copies of notice recorded, they receiving pies thereof, for their trouble the usual fees for recording writing and giving fQr out extrads, and sixpence sterling from each person who (hall have inspection of the book wherein the accounts, vouchers, and copies of notice (hall be recorded.

‘ XV. And 'be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Succdfive the executor or executors, assignee or. affigns, or other per- claims may ion or perfons, having right to the claim arising from money be made for expended by the proprietor of ai^ entailed estate in.the im-provement thereof, may, after the .expiration of one year from  **

the death of.the heir who expended the money, require the* heir next succeeding to the eftate, to pay such part thereof as is due by the authority of this adt, with the legal intereft, from the term at which the succeeding heir’s right to the rents of the estate did commence, upon receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the said claim5 and it the money is not paid On nonpay-within three months of such requifition, it (hall then be lawful "“"t for the person or persons having right, to institute an action in the court of section against the heir then in pofteffion, for instituted compelling him to pay the money, and interest thereof; and against heir upon obtaining a decree, he, (he, or they (hall be at liberty to in poffeffioq. use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in recovering payment of debts, excepting adjudication against the entailed estate improved ; and in all questions perrons ob-of competition for the rents of the entailed eftate, the person taining de-or persons who have sued for and obtained a decree under the <««» to have authority of this adf, or the person or persons having right to

P b 3  factor*. •

3e4 /  Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 5j,  \l7&9?

•  *  such decree, (hall be preferred to the other creditors of the heir

of entail who has succeeded to the eftate.

H ’ f A f XVI. Provided always. That when any heir in possession is money dueU>r ^ue<* *or t*ie money due 0,1 account of improvements made up-improve-  on an entailed eilate, under the authority of this act, he (hall

ments,  be discharged in all cafes from such fuit, upon his aligning;

t u **  an<* effe&hally conveying to the creditor or creditors one third

conveying to Part  c^ear rents  el>ta|le^  eftate,  during  his  life*

creditors one w until the money fo due (hall thereby be paid off and dif-tbird of dear charged.

rents, &c. XVII, And whereas it may happen that the heir af entail, who next fueceeis the proprietor who expended the money in the improvement of the entailed eftate, may die, before the money due by him on account of improvements made upon the estate is patd> by which the . .  person or persons in the right of the money due may be embarrajfei in

„ r . . recovering payment: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the au-right of mo-C thority aforesaid, That the person or persons in the right of ney due, may the money due, may either sue the heirs and successors of the ' fne the heirs said next heir of entail in any other than the entailed eftate, or the heir of entail next succeeding to him, or both, and use every kind of diligence or execution, authorised by the law of Scotland in the recovering payment of debts, against them and their eftates, excepting adjudication against the entailed eftate, until the money due is fully satisfied and paid; and the person or persons in the right of the money due (hall, in any compe* tition for the rents of the entailed eftates, be preferred to the personal creditors of the heir of entail in pofleflion; and the person or persons in the right of the money due, in like planner (hall be intitled to sue every succeeding heir of entail, until the money is satisfied and paid ; and (hall have the fame pre-wTth like pre- ^ercnce to the rents of the entailed estate in competition, with ference. P the creditors of such heirs of entail.

Relief ramne  XVIII. Provided always, and be it epaded by the authority

of next heir, or heir next fucceeding,

and, in competition, shall be preferred to personal creditors,

and likjwife succeeding heirs.

tent to.fuc-ceflive heirs, to the extent of one third part qf the rents.

Heirs of entail, &c feed

aforefaid, That the heir who next succeeds in die entailed e-ftate to the proprietor who expended the mpney, under the authority of this a£t, in making improvements upon the eftate, and the heirs and fucccflbrs of such heir, (hall be bound tp relieve all subsequent heirs of all or such parts of the debt, incurred by the improvement of the estate under the authority of this a<5t, as (hall be paid by them, to the extent of one tnin} part of the rents which have come to the use pf such first succeeding heir, or to the use of his heirs or executors \ and wbeq the third part of the rents which have come to the use of the first succeeding heir, or to his heirs or executors, areqxhauft-jed, then the next succeeding heir, and his heirs apd fucceffors, iha!l in like manner be bound to relieve all subsequent heirsv tp the extent of one third part of the rents which have come to their ufe; and relief (hall in like manner be competent tp every succeeding heir who (hall pay, against the heirs and fuc- ' ceffors of the preceding heir.

XI£. Provided alio, and be it pna&ed by the attthprity *-

- ;  forefaid.

. t 769.3 Anno decimo Georgii lit. c. 51. N 365

forefaid, That when the heirs and fuccefiors of an heir of en-?n account of tail, in any other than the entailed eftate, are sued for the mo- l^ntT^ ney due on account of improvements made upon an entailed m * estate under the authority of this aft, they (hall be discharged (hall be dif-in all cafes from such fuits, upon making payment of one third part of the rents of the entailed estate which have come to the [,ne third of use of such heir of entail, or to the use of his said heirs or fuc- their rents, ceflbrs.

XX.  And whereas tncomeniencies and confufton might artfe from the executor, ajjignee, or other person or persons having right to ihef claim ariftng from money expended by the proprietor of an entailed e-Jiate in the improvement thereof, their not timeoujly requiring the heir next fuceeeding in the estate to pay what they are intitled to receive by authority of this ait, and suing such heir to compel him to pay, if payment is not made: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by

. the authority aforesaid, That the executor, aflignee, or other claimant of person or persons having right to the claim arising from money money ex-expended by the proprietor of an entailed estate in the im- pended by provement thereof* (hall be obliged, within the space of Mquir^pay-^ years after the death of the proprietor who expended the mo- mcnt, within ney, to require payment from the fuceeeding heir; and within % years after the space of fix months after the elapse of the said two years, bis deceale, to institute an a&ion, if the money is not paid, in the court 0f ot wcceeding fefCon5 and to proceed without delay in recovering a decree *n<| on non-for the sum due, and doing exa6t diligence for recovering pay- payment ford ment thereof, or at lead to the amount of one third part of months, to the free rents of the estate which (hall have become due to2“t,5?ac" such fuceeeding heir.

XXI.  Provided always, and b<e it enacted by the authority but neglecting aforesaid, That the executor, aflignee, or other person or per- fo to do* fans* having right to the claim arising from money expended

by the proprietor of an entailed eftate, who (hall neglelt to

require the next, or any other fuceeeding heir or heirs to pay,

and (hall allow such fuceeeding heir or heirs to die without re-

.  -  ,  .  0  ,  ,  -  ana not reco-

covenng payment from him or them to the amount of one yering one

third part, at leaft, of the rents that (hall have become due to third part of

fuch heir or heirs, (hall cease to be creditor to the subsequent rents,&c. bc*

fuceeeding heir or heirs refpetSively, to the extent of one third j^fe

part of the rents which (hall have become due to the heir or cease to

neirs fo deceafing as aforefaid; and (hall be intitled to recover be creditor to

payment of his claim to the extent of such third part of the jubfequent

rents, from the executors or heirs only of the first or any o- tor fuc“

ther Succeeding heir or heirs, in any other estate than the en- and such

tailed eftate; and (hall be intitled to recover payment of the third part to

furplus of bis claim, if any be, and no more, from the fubfe- be recoverable

hcir?rheir»refPea*vely* .  .  tr  execution, Sec.

XXII.  And whereas it may happen that the heir, who next Jut- of first heirs,

feeds to the proprietor who expended money in making improvements tec. upon an entailed eftate, may pay all or part of the money due on at- »n<* ttunt of such improvements, and may not live fo long as to be iniem-tlifttd' ky the third part of the rents which Jball come to his ufe) or J,g

. B b 4  ttt

Anno decimo Georgii III. £-$i.  [1769.'

wj • c a. to the use of bis heirs or executors ; be it therefore enabled by the cceding, not" authority aforesaid, That if the heir who first succeeds in the entailed estate to the proprietor who expended the money, does psty all or part of the money due on account of the improvements made, and shall not live long enough to be indemnified of what he pays by pne third part of the rents that (haJI come to his ufe, or to the use of his heirs or executors; it (hall be competent to his executors or assigns to sue the succeeding heir of entail for relief of such part of the money as (hall not be repaid by the third part of the rents which have come to his ufe, or to the use of his heirs or executors; and relief (hall in like manner be competent to the executors or assigns of every heir of entail who pays more than is repaid by the third part of the rents which have come to his ufe, or to the use of his heirs and executors.

XXIII.  And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That no money expended in making improvements upon an fntailed eftate, for which a decree (hail be obtained in the nottobemade ^ourt °f fefiion, (hall be made use of as a ground of debt for adjudging the eftatp upon which the improvements have been made ; and if any decree of adjudication (hall be obtained a-gainft the entailed estate for such debts, every such decree (hail and is hereby declared to be void.

XXIV* And be it also enacted by the authority afprfefaid. That if the heir of eptail who (hall succeed to an entailed e-ftatp upon which improvements have been made, (hall have right to a claim of debt arising from the making of such improvements as next of kin, or by the will or settlements of the

__f  heir of entail who expended the money; in every such cafe,

xciu^edfrom the claim of debt dial) and is hereby declared to be extinguifhr making claim ed for ever, and (hall never be fet up a debt against .any succeeding heir.

On judge- XXV, And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid, itentobtayied That if any heir of entail, against whom a debt is created for again!! Heir improvements made on the entailed estate to which he fucceeds, debtee ^eated  re^u^e  t0 Pay xH^oney required of him under the author

by improve- Wty of this $61, and that decree (hall be obtained against him inents, for the whole of the sum or sums of money of which he (hall Defodertobe bp required tp make payment; in every such cafe the defender Jiable in full' (hall be liable in full costs of fuit; and if decree is not obtained for the foil sum or sums of money of which paymeqt has beeq required, it (hall be in the diferetion of the court to award cpfts of Aiit jto either party, as the justice of the cafe (hall flireeft.

XXVI. Andvjbeeeas questions may anft concerning the amount of the sums laid out under the authority of this at a great defiance of time, when the material tyitnejjes may be dead; for remedy whereof arid for afeertaining, in due time> the amount of the H*ir of entail sums fi exPend*4\ be it therefore farther enabled. That it ihall after'having’* apd may be lawful for every heir of entail, after he (hall have Completed im» l$id out pnopey upon the ifnprovaoieqt gf J;is $ntail$d estate 39 provefcients,'' J '  2  -  ‘ afore-

n g. Jiving long enough to be indemnified for what he pays,

hie executors may sue luc-ceeding heir of entail for relief, &c. Like relief to executors of every heir who is not repaid.

ftjoney f appended in making irn-

pfe of as a ground of debt, for adjudging eftates.

Heir of entail succeeding to estate upon which improvements have been wade, ex m<

of debt.

cofts j i) otherwife, court to Si-ward costs at difoxtion.

I

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.51.  367

aforefaid, and (hall have completed the improvement of all or any particular part of such eftate, to bring, if he (hall think may bring proper, an aft ion of declarator before the court of feilion, or a a6hon of process before the (herifF, in which he (hall call the heir next declarator,&cf intitled to succeed after the heirs of* his own body, and (hall in such fait produce proper evidence of the money laid out in and prodace such improvements j arid the said next heir, or any other heir evidence of of entail, (hall be intitled to produce proper evidence to fet m®ney laid aside or diminifti the said claim : and it (hall and may be law-  f  ^

ful for the said court of feffion, or for the said (heriff, to pro* fi°nj may nounce a decree for such part of the said fum, as, by the true deem what intent and meaning of this aft, is intended to become a charge sum (hall be against the succeeding heirs in the said entailed eftate; which fUg^e^n011 decree, if pronounced by the (heriff, (hall become final, unless carried to the court of session by suspension within fix months * after the fame (hall have been pronounced ; and if pronounced by the court of feffion, either in such process of declarator or fufpenfion, (hall be final, if an appeal is not brought within twelve mdnths.

XXVII.  And whereas it frequently happens that there are not, upon entailed ejlates, manfion-houfes and offices fuitahle to the ejlates% and fit for the accommodation of the heirs of entail; and that man-fm-boufes and offices upon entailed efiates are sometimes dejlroyed by fire, or from other accidental caufes, or become infufficient-by length of time \ and it being beneficial to the public to encourage heirs of entail, in such cafes, to build houses and offices fuitahle to their eftqtes9 and fit for the accommodation of their families j#be it therefore e-

nafted by the authority aforefaid. That every#heir of entail who Heir of en-lays out money in building a manfion-houfe or offices, or intail building repairing or adding to the manfion-houfe or offices upon his eftate, jmall be a creditor to the next succeeding heir of entail to be acre-fpr three fourth parts of the money expended by him.  ditor to fuc-

XXVIII.  Provided always. That the sum or sums of money seeding heir laid out by any one heir of entail, in the building a manfion- £0^^!^ house or offices, or in the repairing or adding to the manfion- 0f the ex-houfes or offices, (hall not, in any cafe whatever, be effectual peaces

to constitute a claim against the lucceeding heir of entail for put the fame more than two years rent of the said entailed eftate, after de- cC^toea^ duftion of all publick burdens, life rents, and interests of rcnt,*after debts, which may affect the said eftate, as the fame (hall hap- burdens, &c. pen to be at the first term of Wbitfunday after the death of deducted. t the heir who expended the money claimed.

XXIX.  Provided alfo, That the proprietor of .the entailed Proprietors eftate, who lays out' the money, (hall, previous thereto, give laying out notice in writing to the heir of entail next intitled to succeed to money, to the said estate after the heirs of his own body; and record filv5 notice, copies of the fame, together with the accounts of the money copierthere-expended, and the youchers thereof, in the (heriff or steward of.

court books of the county within which the manfion-houfes and offices are fituatetj, in the form and mapper ab<?ve directed '  ....  4  flith-

\

36i

Perfons having right to claim for mo

Ann® dcdmo Georgii III. €.51;

■with regard to monies expended in making improvements upon entailed eftates.

XXX.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the executor or executors. alCgnee or affignees, or other per-

daim for fon or persons having right to the claim arising from money bv^roorietor exl>ended by the proprietor of an entailed eftate, in the build-

bjr proprietor in building manfion-houfe, &c.

ing a marifion-houfe or offices, or in the repairing or adding to the manfion-houfe or offices upon his eftate, may, after the expiration of one year from the death of the heir who expend-

war* after**1 * the money, require the heir next succeeding to the estate to

year after — — ————— —-—-——^  ^

deceafe, re- pay the whole, or such part thereof as is due by the authority

quire heir foe- of this a&, with the legal interest from the term at which the

fucceeding heir’s right to the rents of the estate did commence,

withlntereft* uPort receiving a proper discharge and assignment of the faid

and on non-*  ^  the  money  is  not paid within three months of

payment for  requifidon,  it  (hall be lawful for the person or perfons

3 months, having right, to sue the next succeeding heir, in the manner a-

may fue. hove directed for the recovering of money expended in the im-

provement of entailed eftates.

Kiiles enacted #XXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

with respect faid. That the fame rules of relief among (ucceeding heirs of

to proprietors entail, and their heirs and fucceffors, of the claim of debt, and making im- Df preference ir

provements, extended to claims here mentioned.

in competition for rents, and in subjecting defenders to the payment of cofts, and for afeertaining the amount of the sum laid out, (hall take place with regard to monies expended in the building, repairing, or adding to the rianfion-houfes Of offices upon entailed estates under the authority of this a<ft, as are before enadted, with respect to monies expended by proprietors of entailed eftates, in making improvements upon their estates for increasing the rents and value of them.

XXXII.  And whereas it may frequently happen, that the inchft ing of lands in Scotland may be retarded or prevented, or at least rendered inconvenient y by heirs of entail not having it in their power to exchange small parcels of the lands of their entailed estates for o~ ther lands convenient for the entailed eftatiy and more conducive to the improvement of the country in general: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful fpr proprietors of entailed estates to excamb or make exchanges of land, with all and every person or perfons, for the conveniency and advantage of the said eftates, and for the improvement of the country where such estates are fituated, by inclosing or otherways,

XXXIII.  Provided, That not more than thirty acres of arable land, nor more than one hundred acres of lands confift-

be exchanged* ing of hills or other grounds incapable or improper by their nature for culture by the. plough, of such entailed eftates, lying together in one place er plot, (hall be given in exchange; and for which that an equivalent in land, contiguous to the entailed estate an equivalent wjth which the exchange is to be made, (hail be received in

D be made  -.f tl10 lnn^ mupn in Avr*Vianor#» • on/4 fnr  trttrwr  onrl

Proprietors of entailed estates im-powered to exchange lands:

Limitation of quantity to

is to 1

from lands contiguous.

place ©f the land given in exchange

and fpr afeertaining and ad-

1769.] Anno decimo Geosqii III. C,5*u  cg$9

adjufting-the.value of the lands proposed to be exchanged, an Value of lands application (hall be made for that purpose, by the proprietor *xcbaDgfd» of the entailed eftate, to the (heriff or steward of the county  *

within which the entailed estate is fituated, who thereupon * shall appoint two or more skilful persons to infpe# and adjust the value of the lands proposed to be excambed or exchanged; and upon such persons settling the,marches of the lands proposed to be exchanged, and reporting upon oath that the exchange will be just and equal, the (heriff or steward may, and is hereby required to authorise the exchange to be made by a contra# of excambion; and which being executed and record- ^ property ed in the (heriff or steward books within three months after the thereofdetct-execution thereof, the fame (hall be effectual to all intents and mined, purposes; and the land given in exchange to the entailed estate (hall be held to be a part thereof, and (hall be fuhje# to all the prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive clauses of the entail* in the fame manner as if it had been originally a part of the eftate; and the lands given from the entailed estate (hall from thenceforth be held as out of the entail, and be liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive clauses thereof,

XXXIV.  And be it further enacted and declared by the au-  to

thority aforesaid, That this a# (hall extend to, and ootnpre- extend to alt bend, all tallies of lands or heritages in that part of Great tallies made Britain called Scotland, made or to be made, and whether prior m Scotland, or posterior to the said a# riade in the year one thousand $x hundred and eighty-five.  SBKf

*<  liSj,

CAP. LIL

An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain (um of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, fop the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy f and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parli*, ment,

preamble. 1,700,0001. granted outpf the sinking fund, for the ferviof of the current year 5 to be ifiued by the treasury accordingly, Treafury impowered to raise the said fum, or any part thereof, by loans or cxche* quer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund $ and to strike tallies of leap; with orders for repayment of the. money fo advanced 3 and interest pay-» able quarterly. Orders to be registered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken; on forfeiture of treble da* mages, with full cofts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payments to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Weft-minfter. No undue preference in the regiftcring, where tallies or orders are brought the fame day s nor if subsequent orders are paid before others hot brought in courfe, io as money be reserved for the precedent orders. '

Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it ftiall be judged more adyifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills, instead of loans $ the bills in such cafe to be made as those prefenb-ed by the malt aft of this feffion. All advantages and penalties in the malt aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby autbo-rifed to be made forth, extended to this aft. The said exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend the said fum, .notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary,

The sum of *st9;375l*  6d.  1  q,  surplus  of  the  sinking fond in the

exchequer on 5 Jan 17705 77;,140!. 16 s. *q. and 13,5961. 5 s. lot),

S Sujrplqljfes Remaining 1%, the exchequer on $ Apr& 1770 3 400,0001.

Anno derimo Georgii HI. c. 52.  [1769,

dire&ed by aft of last fttfion ; and foch money as fbaU be pud into the exchequer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 1771, of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabick, charged by aft 5 Geo. j, to be applied for the service of the current year. 20,000 L out of monies paid into the exchequer between 6 April 1770 and 5 April 177X9 being the produce of dudes refereed towards expence of defending, &c. the British colonies in Amelia, fee. towards making good the sum granted for maintaining the gar-rifons in the plantations, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nora Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded iflands; and 55,495 !• Sd. iq. remaining in the office of the paymaster genual of ms Ma-

jeih's forces, and 394,81. 3 s. 7 d. final balance of account of Thomas earl of Kinnonl, to be applied towards defraying the extraordinary exigences of the land forces, fee. incurred to 16 0ec.1769, and not provided for. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies arifiag by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and 299,375b 6s. 6d. xq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 Jan, 1770, surplus of the sinking fund j and 773, >40!. 16s. tq. and i3,596L 5s. aod. aq. Surpluses remaining on 5 April 77703 and 400,0001. payable by aft of last feffion; and such monies as shall be pud into die exchequer between 6 Apr. 1770 and 5 Apr. 1771, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic 3 and *,700*0001. mated by this aft out of the sinking fond, together with the residue ofthe monies anting from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; ami also such monies as his Majesty (hall di-reft, out of monies arising by sale of ceded lands in the Weft Indies j vis, out of die aforefeid aids, 1,522,0671. is. 11 d. towards naval fer-vices heron fperified j 100,0001. towards paying off the dfeb&of the navy; 166,984L hi. 5d. for charge of the office of ordnance, 40,9331. 10s. 3d. to the laid office, for ferrices performed in 1769, not provided for. 1,468,4871. is. sod. and one eighth of a penny, towards the land forces, and other ferrices in general; of which 6*4,99*L *d. for defraying the charge of 17,666 effective men, fee. and 15s* Invalids, for guards and garrifons, fee. in Great Britain, Jeriey, and Guernfey; 363,1481. is. ltd. and one eighth of a penny, for guards and garrisons in the plantations, anji Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, fee. and provisions for the forces abroad 3 4,5331, zs s. 8 d, to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irifh eftablifhment, of troops in the ifle of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and'ceded iflands. 12,203 1- *8 s. 6 d. ia. for general and general staff officers; 113,2331. 2 s. 6 d. to the reducedOfficers of the land forcesaind marines; 1,1801. is. 3d. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horfe.reduced; and to the superannuated gentlemen of the 4 troops of horse guards; 4,513 -I 16 s, 8 d. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced; 6641, to the peidions of officers widows; 111,4231.4s. $d. to the out penfiouers of Chelfea Hofpital; 175,810!. xis. 6d. 1 q. towards extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other ferrices incurred, and not provided for; 45,565b 11s. to the land-grave of Heffe Cartel; 1,800,0001. towards paying off exchequer bills issued purfuant: to an act of last feffion; 13,1001. to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the addrefies of the house of commons; 20001. for a cartage to the house of commons 3 4,2391. 5 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia 3 3,0861. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 4,7501. for the civil establishment of Baft Florida; 4,800b for the civil establishment of Weft Florida; 1,885 b 4 s. towards expence of general surveys in America; 13,000!. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under the direction of the committee of the African company; 5550 I charges, of the civil eftablifhment.of Senegambia; 9,650 b to the Foundling Hofpital; 3,500b towards apprenticing children from thence; 5000 b to inhabitants of Barbadoes, to defray expence of deanfing the channel, fee/ 50001. to Levant company; 20001. to trustees of the British $Aufseum. 71,000 b for difebarging deots claimed upon forfeited eftates, and the annuity claimed by Mary Mackenzie, widow, and for purchase of fiiperiorities, fee. 6,998b 10s. id. towards roads of communication ind bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, 796b y.s, 6d. to make

1769.] Anno decimo Georgii III. c.5ji  $71

food to his Majesty the like fum, paid to feyeral persons in the county of outhampton, in full satisfaction for the Ioffes they have incurred, pur-' suant to orders of council for preventing the fpreaoing of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; 6,1951* *8- 11 d. to enable his Majesty to make compensation to Fran.Dalby, merchant, for the loft of bis (hip the Britannia, &c. 46,463 b iss. Sd. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out ot the fame, to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities established by act 31 Geo. * j 55,0111. 7 s. 5 d. a q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1769; The (aid aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned* Rules to be ob-ferved in the application of the half-pay. Act 9 Geo. 3* Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus 6f the sums appropriated to the payment of reduced officers. Treafury to issue to the receiver-general of the land rents and cafualdes in Scotland a sum not exceeding 71,0001. towards paying debts, and discharging Mary Mackenzie's annuity and prices agreed to be paid to lords fuperiors, See. Creditors, by c July*

1770, to produce, in the court of exchequer in Scotland, the decrees sustaining their claims $ Barons to mak6 out debentures for Aims due thereon, and also for fums, and intereft, due to lords fuperiors. Receiver to pay the fame at fight. If decree not produced before c July, 1770,

Claim not to carry interest after the said day. Barons of exchequer, with content of the*treafury, may issue debentures for payment ot rewards to officers. Receiver to pay the fame* No fee to be taken from creditor or lord fuperior, on forfeiture of 1001. and repayment of the sum exacted. In cafe any surplus remain after difeharging debts, an* v nuity, &c. the fame to be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

CAP. LIII.

An a3 to repeal an aft puffed in tie thirty-firft year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river 'Thames', and for enabling them to make provision for such of themselves as shall be lick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans *, and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impositions on such labourers j and for their further relief.

WHEREAS <»» aa made inJbe ttirty-firfl year Preamble.

reign of bis late majesty Ktng George the Second, intituled,

An a& for the relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provision for such of themselves as (hall be lick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans; hath been found ineffectual to answer the good purposes thereby intended; and for want of due regulation in payment of the wages and hire of the said coal-heavers, being labourers employed in unloading ships laden with coals, great impositions and frauds have been committed by coal-undertakers, being persons employed to procure coal-heavers to unload such ships on the river Thames; whereby such coal-heavers have been deprived of great part of the fruits of their labour, by means whereof great disturbances and inconveniencies have arifen: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may he enafled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent

Anno dectmo Georgii IIL C.53;  £*769*

Confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and' commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the After June ^me» That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one 1770, the aft thousand seven hundred and Teventy, the said adt, and every of 31 Geo. a. part thereof, (hall be and (land repealed, repealed. II.. And be it further enadted,. That no coal-undertaker (hall Coal-under- take, receive, or demand, of or from any coal-heaver, any tok^hy0tra-  °r  °f money, or other valuable thing whatfoever, as

tuityofcoaU* or ^or commiffion, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring heavers be- such coal-heaver to be employed in unloading (hips loaded with tween London coals between London Bridge and Greenwich, nor by or under Bridge and pretence of furni(hing (hovels or other tools for that purpose, reenwic , 0f Qr UIUjer any other pretence or claim whatfoever, under on penalty of th® penalty of five pounds for every offence, and of being ren-51, andinca- dered for ever thereafter incapable of exercising the trade or pacity. buftnefs of a coal-undertaker.

Coal-under- M- And be it enacted by the authority, aforesaid, That taker to take every such coal-undertaker, before he (hall undertake to pro-the following cure coal-heavers to unload any such (hip loaden with coals as aforesaid, (hall take and fubferibe the following oath before the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the city of London $ that is to fay.

I A B do fwear, That I will well and truly exercise the bufinefi of a coal-undertaker; and that fo long as I /ball continue to exercise that bufinefs, I will in all things conform myself to the di-regions of an alt of parliament made in the tenth year of his ma~ jefiy King George the Third, intituled, An adt to repeal an a St passed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majeftv King George the Second, intituled. An all for relief of the coal-heavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make provision for such of themfehes as /ball be fid, lame, or pafi their labour, and for their widows and orphans; and to regulate the price of their labour; to prevent frauds and impofitims on such. labourers 1 and for their further relief

So help me God,

Penalty on upon pain forfeiting for every (hip loaden with coals, for negleft.  the discharge of which he ihall undertake  to procure coal-

Oatb to be  heavers, the sum of five pounds; which said  oath (hall be in-

Enrolled.  rolled among the records of the court of lord  mayor and aider-

men of the city of London aforefaid.

Vi&ualiers IV. And be it further enadted, That no such coal-under-&r. not to aft taker (hall be a vidtualer, or concerned directly or indiredUy, as coal-un- either in hrs own name or in the name of any other perfon, or dertakers, by way of partnership or agreement, to receive any part of the profits of such trade, or in any other manner in the felling bread, meat, or other eatables, wine, beer, or spirituous liquors, or other drink of any kind or foecies whatfoever, or of on penalty of tobacco, upon pain of forfeiting* tire Kim of five pounds, ?n<T 51. and in-

capacity.  *

*769 "1  Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 535  ^73

of being rendered incapable for ever of exercuing the said bu* fmefs of a coal-undertaker: and if any such coal-undertaker after conviction, and being adjudged to pay such lad mentioned penalty, or the penalty herein before inflicted for taking, receiving, or demanding any sum or sums of money, or other valuable thing wbatfoever, as commifiion, or as a reward or gratuity for procuring coal-heavers to be employed in unloading (hips loaden with coals, (hall again undertake to procure coal-heavers to unload (hips loaden with coals; such offender penalty on (hall, for every (hip loaden in part or in the whole with coajs, subsequent which he (hall, after such conviction and adjudication, under- offence, take to procure coal-heavers to unload, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-fand seven hundred and feventy, there (hall be one fixed and fettled price for the hire or labour of all such persons as (hall be employed in difeharging (hips or vessels loaded with coal in the river Thames, videlicet, one (hilling and sixpence per fcore, Perfons dif-and no more, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs^,arghig coal Quantity ; and if any captain or owner, or other person or per- g ^ ions having the care of any such (hip or veffel, (hall pay, or ^

Caufe tb be paid, direCtly or indirectly, to any gang of coal- and inpropor-heavers, or separate coal-heaver, or to any other person or per- tionfor great-

(irtne nrVinmfrtAt?  lofc  fiim  Of  ICli

fons whomfoever, any greater or less sum or hire or wages thani uantitics is hereby directed or appointed as aforefaid; such person or <^ner> &c. persons (ball, for each offence, forfeit the sum of ten (hillings; paying* great-

except such price or wages for labour (hall be altered by virtue er or less price, of this act in the manner berein-after directed.  forfeits 10s.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fence.0 ° ~

the court held in the city of London, commonly called the court Exception. of lord mayor and aldermen^ is hereby authorised and impowered. Court of in the month of January in every year, to alter, as they (hall "??yor and judge it necessary and convenient, the price, sum of money, pay, annualfy, ST* or wages, hereby directed to be paid to such persons as (hall be january/alter employed in difeharging (hips or vessels loaded with coals as a- the said price; forefaid; 10 which alterations all persons (hall conform them- to which al-felves, under the penalties hereby directed and infiiCted..  teration all

VII.  And be it further enaCted, That every captain or matter Per^ns ar* of a (hip or veffel, loaden or to be loaden with coals* his agent AteT(hip or faCtor, or agents or factors, (hall, after his (hip (hall be un- (hall be unloaded within the limits aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid on de- loaded, ma-mand to the foreman of the gang, who (hall have been employ- fter»to ed to unload the fame, or to such other person as he (hall appoint, {b^an of all and every sum or sums of money due for unloading such (hip ; the gang, the and such foreman of the said gang, after he (hall have received money due for such sum or sums of money, (hall pay or cause to be paid toun]l°?dinS» each of the said gang, which (hall be employed in unloading topayto^ach such (hip, his (hare of such sum or sums of money: and if such man his (hare, sum or sums of money (hall, in either cafe, not be paid and fa- If money not tisfied on demand, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any per-’Paid ?n de-

mand, com-lon plaint may be

374  Anno decimo Georgii III. c.53;  tl7^9*

made to lord fon fo aggrieved, to apply and compl&in to the lord mayor, or mayor, &c. atly one Qf the aldermen of the city of London aforesaid, for re-who may de- drefs5 who (hall and may, with all convenient fpeed, hear the terraine the said eomplaint and determine the fame: and if such captain or master of any (hip or vessel (hall be adjudged indebted to the gang complaining, who (hall have been employed to unload the Arne (hip or veflel; or such foreman of the (aid gang (hall be adjudged indebted to the said gang, or any of them complain* I ing; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor j d fe th or Mermen before whom such complaint (hall be heard* by debt^with * warrant under his hand and feal, forthwith, and without delay* costs (not ex- to cause such debt, together with the costs and charges attend-ceeding tos.) ing such complaint, not exceeding twenty (hillings, as such may* I to be levied by or or a]dermen (hall judge reafonable, to be levied by distress I

Sy^want of an<*  g°°ds  and  chattels  of  the  person  indebted ; and

iftrefs, of- for want of such diftrefs, or sufficient diftrefs, to commit him to fender to be either of the compters within the said city, there to remain un-- committed, til such debt, costs and charges (hall be fully paid and fatisfied. I Waeesofcoal- VIII. And be it further enabled, That the wages and hire of I heaver* to be coal-heavers (hall be paid by the masters or owners of (hips, or paid in cur-  their agents, to the foreman of the gang, and by him divided a*

rent com.  mong the said coal-heavers, in current coin, and not by way of

barter or exchange, in any goods, wares, merchandizes, meat, | Coal-beaver  or materials for wearing apparel, under the penalty of |

leaving (hip pounds.

before he is IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That difebarged, if any coal-heaver employed in difeharging or unloading any to be puniihed (hip or vessel as aforesaid, (hall leave such (hip before (he be ful-neras labour- ty difeharged, not being obliged thereto by sickness or other ac-ers leaving cident, and not being prevented from working by any neglect their work  or default of the master or owner of such ihip> or the officers'

unfinished,  appointed to attend the delivery thereof; every person fo of-

employ1 his*^ fending (hall be liable to be puniihed in the fame manner as own mariners other labourers are,'by law, liable to be puniihed for leaving in difeharging their work unfini(hed or unperformed.

(hip of coals, X. Provided always, and be it further enalted by the au-they flialVa^ thority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for gree upon f every captain or master of a (hip or vessel loaden or to be load-* or coal-heav- cn with coals within the limits aforesaid, to employ his own ers, or other mariners in difeharging his said Ihip or veflel, and to pay them £>* them»T as an<* ftsdl agree; or to procure coal-heavers or other directed by persons to discharge the fame, upon paying such coal-heavers this alt. or other persons the pay or wages by this aft directed and in*

AH penalties tended to be paid to coal-heavers.

informertbC  And  ^urt^er  enacted  by  the  authority  aforesaid,

to be'recover- That all and every penalty and penalties in this adt mentioned ed before and contained, (hall gp to the informer; and (hall be recovered lord mayor, before the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the city or one alder- 0f Lonjon.9 and be levied by distress and sale of the goods and an<Tlevied by chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and feal diftrefs. of the said mayor or aldermen before whom the fame (hall be

recov-

1769.] Anno decimo GeorgiI III. c. 53.  375

recovered; and for want of such diftrefs, or fufticient diftrefi, For want such offender (hail, for every offence, be committed by the faiid dutreist offen-lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of der to be London, to either of the compters of the said city, for any term committed, or space not exceeding thirty nor less than fifteen days.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Difputtgtobe That all disputes and differences that (hall or may at any time determined by or times, during the continuance of this aft, be or arise be- l°rd mayor, tween, any captain or matter of any ship or vefiel loaden with £[a^ne aldcr“ coals, the said coal-undertakers or coal-heavers, or two or * more of them, within the limits aforesaid, (hall be adjudged

and determined before the said lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of . the said city of London, and before no other court or courts, magistrates or magistrate whatfoever, in the fame \n Uke m*n-manner as disputes and differences between matters and fef- ncr as disputes vants in husbandry are, by law, directed to be adjudged and determined, and no otherwife; except in cafes where such  huT-

matters are or (hall be altered, on otherwise provided for by bandry. this att,'  Exception:

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, perfOI^s a~ .That in cafe any person or persons (hall think himself or them- grieved nwV selves aggrieved v by any adjudication or determination of the appeal to the lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen of the said city of quartcr-fcf-London; it (hall and may be lawful to and for such person or fion8 * persons fo aggrieved, to appeal to the general quarter feflions

of the peace to be held for the said city of London, or any adjournment thereof, for redrefs, whose determination (hall be who ma final; which court is hereby authorised and impowered to a- terminefinal-ward costs not exceeding forty (hillings, either to the com-ly* plainant or defendantf as such court (hall think just and rea-*n<| award fonable ; and to cause the fame to be levied and paid as debts cecdinff^s." are herein before directed to be levied and paid.  **

XIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Foreman ofe-That the sum of sixpence in the pound (hall be flopped and very gang deducted by the foreman of every gang out of the several sums may flop s d. of money lo to be paid for the hire and wages of coal-heavers

fo discharging such (hips or vettels as aforefaid; and the money heavers wages fo flopped and deducted (hall, from time* to time be paid to Charles Martyn, of Jermyn Street, Saint James's$ gentleman, or such person or persons as he (hall direft, until the full funr of till 3001. be three hundred pounds (hall be fully paid and fatisfied, for pay- paid towards ing and discharging the cofts, charges, and other expences in-  ot.ob«

Cur red in obtaining and patting this aft ; and the several fore-  1 w

men (hall be anfwdrable to the said Charles Martyn for tjie fame; and the. fame (hall be from time to time, in cafe of On nonpay-’ neglect or refusal of payment, levied and enforced in such meat, may be manner as is directed With respect to the debts due from ma- icvic<*v fters of (hips, or their agents, to coal-heavers.

XV.  And bc lt further enacted by the authority aforefaid^ L;m;tat;on 0j That if any action (hall be brought or commenced against any aftions. perfon^ or persons for any matter or thing done in pursuance of

You XXVIII.  C  c  this

Annodecimo Georgii IIL 0.53,-58.  [1769.

this' aft, then, and in such cafe, such action or fuit (hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar months next after the (aft committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought, laid, and tried in the city of London, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit ihall and may General ifloe. plead the general ifliie, and give this aft and the (pedal matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue bis, her, or their action or afiions, fuit or fuits; or if upon verdict or demurrer judgement (hall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble Treble celts. c°fts> and have such remedy for the feme, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub* Publick aft. ^ck a<^’ aRd he judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever without fpeciiuly pleading the fame.

Tbia aft to be XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority .aforefaid, in force for 3 That this aft (hall remain fend continue to be in force for the years, &c. term or space of three years, and from thence to the end of th* then next session of parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An aft for amending the road from Saint Stephen’s gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowfe, at the angle where the road divides to Bjxley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LV.

An aft for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Cardigan.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the ptnrifh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for the better regulating the navigation of the river Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otberwifeCavendifh Bridge, in the county of Derby, to Gainiborough, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft for amending the road from Aylefbury, in the county • of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to 4  the

J769.I Ahno decimo Georgii III. c. 59.-65. the turnpike road between Benfington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. UK.

An all to continue hud render more effeBual an aB of tie thirty firfi year of bis late Majefiy, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis ; and for repairing the road from the turnpike road at the Three Alhes, in the % pdrifh of Crewkerne, in the county of Somcrfet, and other , roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an all for amend-ing the road from Chriftopher’s Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north-eaft end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

CAP. LXI.

An all to enlarge the term and powers of an all made in the thirty firfi year <f. the. reign of his late Majefiy * for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield.

CAP. LXII.

An all for the repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Eaton Bridge, turnpike road at Cock-ham Hill, in the parish of Wefterham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titfey, over Boriey Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham common, to the turnpike road leading from Croyden to Godftone, in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXIII.

An alt for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parijb of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington; and from thence to the guide pofi at the town of Wellelbourne Haftings, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LXIV.

An all for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmfton, in the county of Sufiex.

CAP. LXV.

An all for repairing the road from the bridge on the old river

C c 2  at

378

Anno decimo Georgii III. c. 66—72.’  [1769;

. at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXVI.

' At adfor repairing and widening the road from T unftall, in the county of Stafford, to Bofley in the county of Chefter} and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. LXV1L An act for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's gate, in tie county of the city of Norwich to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny bridge in Honingham, to the imam of Yaxham; and also a lane called Hangman’s lane, near the gates of the said city.

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for continuing the terms, and enlarging the powers, of fevered ads of parliaments made for repairing the road from Ipfwich to Cleydon, and fevered other roads . therein mentioned, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP; LXIX:

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft of the eigb-' tenth year of the reign of King George the fecond, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a lane leading by the end of Stonebridge in the feud County.

CAP. LXX.

An all to enlarge the term contained in two fevered alls of parliament, and to grant a further term and powers for the more ejfedual repairing, widening, 'and amending the road from a place called Earl’s mil in Warrington, to the Toll Bars /» Wallgate in Wigan, both in the county of Lancafter.

CAP. Lxxr.

An alt to continue two ads, of the third and feventeentb years of the reign of King George the fecond, for repairing the road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the pari/h of South Mims,’ in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Bicefter in

i7*>9*1  Anno dedtno Georgii III. c. 73—80.'

county of Oxford, to Aylefbury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to empower the justices of the peace, for the county of Devon to apply a Jim of money, out of the countyJlock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious highway, from the high Jireet in the city of Exeter to the castle of Exeter.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an aft made in.tbe twentieth year of his late Mqjefty, for repcuring the road from Cirencefter in the county bf Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said county.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft. for holding a workboufe in the parijb of Sunt Martin, in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for repcuring, widening, and keeping in repair the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surry, over Cop-thorn, in the county of Sufiex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Pitchling Boll Hills, in the said county of Suflex.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen’s gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft for amending and widening several roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXX1X.

An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Andrew, Hol-born, London, to purebafe a workboufe.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for building a workboufe for the liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-rents, in the parijb of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlefex.

C c 3

CAP.

Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 81—84.  [1796.

CAP. LXXXL An aft for confotidating the rotes to be made for the relttf of the poor of the respective parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the city cfNzw Sarum.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft pa fed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majesty King George the fecond,fo far as the said aft relates to the repairing and widening the road from Hindhead Heath, in the county of Surry, through Fernhurft lane and Mid-hurft, to the city of Chichefter, in the county ofSuflex j and also for repairing and widening the road from Chichefter of orefaid to Delkey, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual several afts for repairing and amending the road from Bigglefwade, in the . county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Crols Hall to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading out of the afore-faid road at or near the Ferry-houfe, in the parish of Temsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynefbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Croft Hall lane.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft of the twenty eighth year of bis late Majesty*s reign, 11 for repeating “ and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Sur-“ rey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to “ Povey croft, andfrom Sutton aforesaid, through Oheam “and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the road from u Tad worth, by the Windmill, to the bottom of Pebble “ Hill, in the said countyand for impowering the trufiees appointed by an aft of the tenth year of bis late majesty King George the Firft, for repairing several roads in the counties of Surrey and Sullex, to make a yearly allowance to the trufiees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain roads out of the power of the trufiees appointed by the said aft of the tenth of George the Firft, and putting them under the di-

, 1 reftion

1769.] Anno declmo Georgii III. c. 85—89.* rection of the trustees appointed by the said aft of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the road from Povey Crofs, in the county o/*Surrey, to the Oak dividing the counties of Surrey and Suffex; and also the road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the county of Surrey*

CAP.LXXXV.

An aft for repairing and widening the several roads from the South Gate, m the borough of King’s-Lynn, into the pa-rijhes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-ferry, and Downham-market, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for repairing and widening the,roads from the East Gate, in the borough of King’s-Lynn, into the parijbes of Geyton and Grimftone, and to the gate next Hillington, on Congham common, and to the north end of Babing-ley lane, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an aft puffed in the First year of the reign of bis present Majesty, “for repairing and widening the road from the east end of M Weft Taphoufe lane to the borough of Lifkeard, and “from thence to Coomb Row Houfe, and also the road . “ from the said borough of Lifkeard to Craft Hole, and “from thence to Crimple raffage and Tar Point, andfrom ■ “ Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German’s Beacon,, in the “ counties of Cornwall and Devon,” and for amending the roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Poft to Trewor-gey Crofs, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXXV1II.

An aft for repairing and widening, the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermafton Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stockport in the county of Chefter, to Saxon’s lane End in the county of Lanoafter, and other roads in the said aft mentioned.

CAP.

3^2

Anno decimo Georgii III. c.go—gfi [1769: CAP. XC.

An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the fevered ads now fubftfting for repairing the road from Dun-church to Stone Bridge, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ad passed in the twenty'fiftb year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the fever at roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, therein mentioned, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. XCII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Workfop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mulkam, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for building a bridge over the river Clyde, near the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain roads and avenues leading to the fame.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for amending the road from Wellfbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmfton, to the County oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Suffex.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the foutb end of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

CAP. XCV1I.

An act to extend the proviftons in two ads passed in the third and fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cambridge to EJy, and, from Ely to Littleportj and others roads therein mentioned, to the road from Wil-burton to Mepall; and for making other provijion for repairing the said road from Ely to Littleport j and for

1769*3 Anno decimo Georgii III. c.98—103. making and keeping in repair a road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chefter, to the turnpike road at Randle Carr lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the fame county.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft for repairing and widening fevered roads leading to and through the borough of Tam worth, and other roads . therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

CAP. C.

An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the powers of two afts of the twelfth year of the reigrt of King " George the Firft, and the eighteenth year of the reign of bis late M/ajefty, for repairing the highways from Speen-hamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. Cl.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford j and from Burford a-. foresaid to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom c/'Stow-Hill; and from . Swerford-gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. CII.

An act to amend an aft made in the sixth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the . county of. Derby, to the river Merfey, at or near Runcorn Gapj and for granting further powers for that purpose.

cap. cm.

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the sixth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley arid Titton

Brook,

384  Anno decimo GeorgII. III. c. 104—108.  £1769.

Brook, in die county of Wbreefter, to croft the river 7ra»/, at or near Heywood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the laid river ‘Trent and the river Aler-fey} and for granting further powers for that purpose.

CAP. CIV.

An all to explain and amend an an made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of GlaC-'  gow,  and for building a bridge cross the said river, from

thefaid Hty, to the village of Gorbdls.

CAP. CV.

An aB for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal and waggon way, from the collieries in the parijhcy of Old and New Monkland, to the city of Glafgpw.

CAP. CVL '

An an to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an an 'made in the tbbrty-firft year of bis late Ma-jefiy,for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the town of Chepftow in the county of ,  Monmouth, and other roads in the counties of Monmouth '

and Gloucefter; and for repairing and widening several other roads adjoining to the said roads.

CAP. CVII.

An all to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of three ans for repairing the highways through the fever al parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of \ Hertford and Middlefex.  |

CAP. CVIII.

An all for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, fo much of three alls of parliament, for repairing the roads from Sevenoaks, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kip-ping’s-Crofs, to Lamberhurft-Pound, and Pullm’s-Hill, in the county of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the county of Suffex; as relates to the road leading from Seven-oaks common to Woodlgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kippirig’s-Crofs, in the said county of Kent.

CAP.

sse

i 769.] Anno dedmo Georgii III. c. 109—114;

CAP. CIX.

An aft for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of bis present Majef-ty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor of the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Weft-minfter and county of Middlefex.

CAP. CXI.

An aft for compleating the navigation of the river Swale* from its junction with the river Ure to Morton Bridge, and 0/ Bedale Brook, in the county of York, and for repealing part of an aft made in the seventh year of Ms present Majesty’s reign relating thereto.

CAP. CXII.

An aft for building a new parish church, and declaring the present parish church a chapel; for making a cametery or church-yard; and for balding an bouse for the use of the minister of the parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. cxni.

An aft for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in. the county of Stafford, to the three mile Jtone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Afhborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Afhborne near Newhaven, in the county of Derby •, and from Warftow to Edton Mine, in the county ^Stafford.

CAP. CXIV.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, to the North Lady’s Walk in Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancafler, and from thence to the river Merfey.

The End of the twenty-eighth Volume.

