Statute* at iajtge.

Anno decimo quinto G E o k g i i III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Seffion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

D ANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn,Efq*

Vol. XXXI. Part I. B

Digitized by v^rOOQle

THE

fetatutes at

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

v

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno ij6i.

CONTINUED.

t ^

—-	11:---5-----------------------

By DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efqj

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society. „

vot. XXXI.



Pt-'iJ-?

fcarge,

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to theUNIVERSITY» for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1775.

^VmTsJfIlegTo,

Digitized by Google

Digitized by v^rOOQle

A

T A B L E

DF THE

A



S T A T U T E S

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Juno dtcimf

Georgii III. Rtgis.

PUBLICS ACTS.

vCap. i/T^O allow the importation of Indian corn and * JL maize, under certain reftri&ions.	*

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Msyefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to he raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand /even hundred and feventy-five.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his Majcfty’s marine farces while on fttore.

Cap. 5. To repeal fo much of an a£t, made in the fourteenth Year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to present the exportation to foreign parts of utenfils made ufe of in the cotton9 linen, woollen, andfili manufactures of this kingdom> a$ relates to wool cards ufed in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his Msyefty’s colonies or plantations in Amerita.

Cap. 6. For punifhing mutiny and defcrtion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To continue for a further time ao a&, ipade in the 'eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft io continue and amend att aft, made in the fifth year of the reign pf bis prefent Majefiy, intituled. An aft for importation of faked beef porky bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of falttd beef port, baton > and butter > front

ATABLE of,the STATUTES.

the Britilh dominions in America, for a limited time; and for extending the provifions of the faid ads to potatoes, and all kipds of pulfie.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twcnty.fith day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five.

Cap. 9. To amend an ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford*

Cap. io. To reftrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Majfachufet's Bay and New Hampfhire, and colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode IJland, and Providence Plantation, in North America. to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijb iflands in the Weft India; and to prohibit (uch provinces and colonies from carrying on any fifhery on the banks of Newfoundland, or other places therein mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations.

Cap. 11. To amend an a#, made ip the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for improving and compkating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 12. To enable the comraiflioners, ading by virtue of an ad made in the twenty-feyepth year of the reign of his Majefty Kiftg George the Second, for (draining and preserving the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and divers lar.as adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland 5 to charge further taxes upon the faid north level, and the faid adjoining lands.

Cap. 13. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Eajl and Weft Flegg, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 14. To explain and amend an ad, made in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to aryend an oft, made in the twenty -fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufacture of bats, and in the woollen, linen, fujlian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and fill manufactures ; and f*rpreventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers andjourneymen hot prefers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

* Cap. 15. To amend and render more effedual in his Majefty’s dominions in America an ad, patted in the prefent feflion W	of parliament, intituled. An aft for punijbing mutiny and defertion,

|	and for the better payment of the army and their Quarters, and for

extending the provifions of the faid ad to his Majefty’s marine forces in America.

Cap. 16. To enable Sir Nigel Grefley Baronet, and Nigol Sawyer Grefley Efquire, his fon, to make and maintain a navigable cut or canal from certain coal mines in Aptdale to Neu/-

caflla

JK	Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

taflle under Lyme% in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 17. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themielves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jufiices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or mif-kud; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 18. To reftrain the trade and commerce of the colonies of New Jerfey, Penfylvama, Maryland, Virginia, and South Car§Iina9 to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijk Illands in the fVtJl Indies\ under certain conditions and limitations.

Cap. 19 To enable the commiffioners for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with the reprefenta-tives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a debt due to his Majefty from William Williams, deceafed.

Cap. 20. To amend and render more effedlual two adb, pafled in the fixth and tenth years of the reign of his preftnt Majefty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trenty at or near Wilder?-Ferry, in the county of Derby9 to the river Merfejy at or near Runcorn Gap.	n

Cap. 2if For the better relief anjd employment of the poor within the parifh of Saint Mary le Bone9 in the county of Mid-djejex\ and for building a workhoufe in the faid parifh.

Cap. 2£, For yefting part of the garden of the fociety of Lincoln's Inn9 in the county of MiddleJeXy in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his fucceflors, for ever, for 0 the purpofe of ereding thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the regifter of the faid court.

Cap. 23. For building a workhoufe, and for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the parifh of Saint James9 CUrkenwelly in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 24. For incorporating certain perions, for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen within the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 25. For taking down the commoq gaol of the county of Hertford\ and for building a new gaol in a more commodious fituation.

Cap. 26. For appointing commiffioners for putting in execution an adl of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax9 to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-Jrve.

Cap. 27. For admeafuring waggons and other carriages ufed in loading jcoals on board (hips at the feveral ports of this kingdom, in the Came manner as at the ports of NewcaJlle and Sun-derland*	a	2	Cap^	i

Digitized byVJOOQLC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. For altering, explaining, and amending fevcraf adti of the parliament of Scotland, refpedliog colliers, coal bearers, and falters.

Cap. 29. To repeal two adls. made in the parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth day or June^ one thoufand fix hundred and thirty-three, intituled, Aft anent the clan Gregour, and the fifteenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-three, intituled, Aft for thejufliciary in the highlands9 fo far as relates to the Mac Gregeurs 5 and to revive an adt of the faid parliament of the twenty-fixth day of April, pne thoufand fix hundred ai)d fixty-one, relative to the people called Mac Gre-gours.

Cap. 30. For allowing, the officer appointed to mark or {lamp the weights to be made ufe of in weighing the gold and filver coin of this kingdom, in purfuance of an adt made in the lad feflion of parliament, to take certain fees in the execution of his office.

Cap. 31. For the encouragement of the filheries carried on ffom Great Britain, Inland, and the Britijh dominions in £e-rope, and for fecuring the return of the filhermen, failors, and others employed in the faid fitheries, to the ports thereof, at tbo end of the fiming feafon.

Cap. 32. To repeal an adl, pafled in the thirty-full year of the reign of her majefty Queen Elizabeth, (intituled. An aft againjl the erefting end maintaining of cottages.)

Cap. 33. For fettling Buckingham Houfe with the appurtenances upon the Queen, in cafe (he (hall furvivehis Majefty, in lieu of his Majefty’s palace of Somrfct Hovfe; for enabling the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to fell and diipofo of Ely Houfe in Holborn, and for applying the money to arife by fale thereof, together with other monies, in credting and efta~ blifhing publick offices in Somerfet Houfe, and for embanking certain parts of the river Thames lying within the bounds of the manor of the Savoy, and for other purpofes therein mentioned# Cap. 34. For encouraging the manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the dutieson rape feed, and other feeds producing oil, imported from Ireland i and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Irelandxo this kingdom.

Cap. 35. To permit the free importation of raw goat {kins into this kingdom for a limited time. ,

Cap. 36. To explain and amend Tan adt, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to en~ able the fpealer of the houfe of commons to iffue bis warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to Jerve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as Jball die during the releft of parliament \ and for enabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to make out new writs for the choice of members to ferve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as (hall during the recefs of parliament become peers of Great Britain, and be fummoned to parliament; and for fufpending the execution of the faid adfc with refpedt to the borough of SJaftJbury, in th$ county of D#r-

Digitized by

%

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fet3 during the next recefs of parliament.

Cap. 37. To permit the importation of painted earthen ware, (except galley tiles,) the manufafture of Europe, to be fold iji Great Britain, and for charging the fame with a duty ad valorem.

Cap. 38. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one tboufand fevefi hundred and feventy-five. *

Cap. 39. To impower juftices of the J)eace to acfminifter Baths where any penalty is to be levied, or diftrefs to he made, in ptirfuance of any aft of parliament, wherein the fame is n6t Bxprefsly direfted.

Cap. 40. For amending and explaining an aft, pafled in tho fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An afl to ejia-fund towards further defraying the charges of the adminijlra-tion ofjujlice, and fupport of the civil government within the pro-vince of Quebec in America.

Cap. 41. For redeeming the fum of one million of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in the manner and on the terms therein mentioned 5 and for eftablilhing a lottery. ’

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 43. For lighting and watching the hamlet of Highgate in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 44. To continue, for a limited time, fo much of an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefenr Majefty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefty a fum of moneys to be raifed by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned,for the retief'~of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eart Indies, as obliges the faid company to export annually goods and merchandifcs of the growth, produft, or manufaftureof Great Britain to their feWlements in the Eaji Indies to a certain value. 4

Cap. 45. For allowing the cloathing and accoutrements ne-ceffery for his Majefty’s forces, paid out of his Majefty *s reve* nues arifing in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where fuch forces are ordered to ferve, and , for granting a bounty upon flax feed imported into Ireland i6r a limited time.

Cap. 4b. For amending and rendering more effectual an aft, palled in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a£l for regulating and improving the fijheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers andf reams running into the fame, and afo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river.

Cap 47. For enabling his Majefty to licenfe a playhoufe in the town of Manchefler, in the county palatine of Lancafer.

Cap. 48. To continue the term of an aft, made in the twcnty-fecondyear of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every Scots pint oj beer and ale winch /hall be fold or vended, brewed, brought in,

a 3	*r

Digitized by

Google



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or tapped^ for fails, within the town of Anftruther Eafter, and Tibet-ties thereof

Cap. 49. For taking down the church of All Saints, In the town of Fulbourne, and county of Cambridge \ and for the better repairing, and keeping in repair, the church of Saint Vigors in the faid town.

Cap. 50. To enable the inhabitants of the pari(h of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middtefex, to purchafe or hire a convenient piece of ground, for the purpofe of erecting a workhoufe thereon for the reception and employment of the poor of the faid parifh; and for providing an additional burial ground for the ufe of the faid parifh.

Cap. 51. To reftrain the negotiation of promiflbry note* and inland bills of exchange under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term of letters patent, granted by his prefent Majefty to William Ccokworthy of Plymouth, Chy-mift, for the foie ufe and exercife of a difcovery of certain materials for making porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion of Brijlol, merchant, (to whom the faid letters patent have been afligned) to carry the faid difcovery into effectual execution for the benefit of the publick.

Cap. 53. For enabling the two univerfities in England, the four univerfities in Scotlandr, and the feveral colleges of Eton, JVeftminfter^ and Winchejier, to hold in perpetuity their copy right in books, given or bequeathed to the faid univerfities and colleges for the advancement of ufeful learning and other pur-po.es of education; and for amending fo much of an adt of the e ghth year of the reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the delivery of books to the warehoufe keeper of the ftationers company, for the ufe of the feveral libraries therein mentioned.

Cap. 54. For paving and regulating, and for preventing nuifances and obftrudtions within New Gravel Lane% and the feveral ftreets, lanes, paflages, and places, within the parifh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlefex, not comprised in an adt. pa fled in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for paving and regulating Rofemary Laney and the other places therein mentioned.

Cap. 55. To explain and amend an adl, pafled in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An afl for the better relief and employment of toe poor within the parifh of Saint Leonard^ Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefex ; and for building a workhoufe; and for pur chafing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the ufe of the Jaid parifh.

Cap. 56. For applying the funds provided for rebuilding the offices of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancety, by an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* intituled. An aft for rebuilding the office of the fix clerks of the King's court of chancery, and for creating offices for the regifter and accountant-general of the faid court, jor the better preferring the record^ decrees, orders, and books of account) kept in fuch offices ; in building offices for the faid fix clerks in the garden of Lincoln s

Digitized by uooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

coin's Inn*> inftcad of rebuilding the prefent fix clerks office in Chancery Lane \ and for other purpofes.

Cap. 57. For watering Piccadilly, from the end of Berkley Street to Hyde Park Gatey in the parilh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of ABddlefex.

Cap. 58. For lighting the ftreets* lanes, roads, and publick paflages, within the town of Hampfteady and parts adjacent within the parilh of Hampjleady in the county of Middlefex; and for eftablilhing a nightly watch therein, and a patrole between the faid town and London.

Cap. 59. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Mitford and Launditcby in the county of

. 60. For extending the duty of two pennies Scotsy or one-fixth part of a penny Sterling, payable on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold in the village of Port Glajgow and the privileges thereof, over the town of Newark: for Supplying the inhabitants of Port Glafgow and Newark with frelh water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the ftreets of the faid two towns; for erecting publick markets therein ; for repairing, and keeping in repair, the bread and eaft and wed quays of the harbour of Port Glafgowy and other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 61. For veiling in James Watty engineer, his executors, adminidrators, and afligns, the foie ufe and property of certain deam engines, commonly called Fire Engines'^ of his invention, deferibed in the faid ait, throughout his Majedy’s dominions, for a limited time.

Cap. 62. For completing and maintaining the pier at the town of MevagiJJey, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 63. For repairing the highways and bridges in the (hire ^ of jirgylL

Cap. 64. For the mpre eafy. and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundred of Elloe, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 65. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the feveral pari(hes of Ramfey, Buryy Wiflowi Warboys, Somerjham, Colney and Pidley with Fenton, in thf county of Huntingdon, and in the parilhes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the IJle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 66. For draining and preferving certain lands and grounds in the parilhes of IVisbech Saint Peter's and IVisbech Saint Mary's, and in the hamlets of IVisbech Mur row and Wif~ bech Guybirn, in the IJle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 67. For amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the hamlet of South towny otherwife Little Yarmouth, to GorleJlon% in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 68. For enlarging the term and powers granted in an a<5l, made in the third year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for repairing the road from Newn,urketx over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Crofsy in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the road branching out of and leading from the aforefaid road, near the Devil's Ditch, oh

«4

A TABLE of th* STATUTES.

Newmarket Heathy to join the prefedt turnpike road wbfeft lead* tb Cambridge; and for repairing the highway, through the ttwit of Ntwtnarket to the prefcnt turttpika road, from thence to Thetford.

Cap. 69. For continuing and enlarging the term and power* of an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of ItU prefcnt Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing and z&ideUing the road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the aunty of Anglefey.

Cap. 70. To enlarge the term and powers etf federal *fts for repairing the road from Beaeomfitid, it* the county of Bucks, to Stoktmhurch, in the county of Oxford*

Cap. 71. To continue the term of an aft, made- k* til# twcnty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty king George the Seeond, for repairing and widening the feverafl roads in the cdurtty of PeiUes, leading from Tivenfs Croft towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blythe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, end by Linton and Carlops, and from fngtejlon, through Carlops, un* til all the faid roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh^

Cap. 72. For continuing and making more effeftfeal fcve-* ral afts of padiament for repairing the road* from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to fVeftwood Gate, in the fekl odtinty, and from Luton to Saint Alban*s in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 73. To enlarge the term of Jeverai afts, pafftd in the fixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the tenth, thirteenth, *hdfhif* ty-firft years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford, in the county of Northampton, to Dumhnrch, in the County of /£fer-ttnck\ and for more cffeftually amending the faid highways*





P R I V'A T E ACTS.

i.	A N aft for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suwe.

JL\ 2. An aft for dividing and inolofing the open araMfc fields, open meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Flintham, in the county ef

Nottingham.

3.	An aft for dividing and inclofmgrhe open fields, meadows,

and common paftures, within the diftrift of NormantoU, in the parilh of Soudwell% in the county of Nottingham, and alfo tfcte open meadow called Cow Meadow, in the fard parifh of South-1veil.	*	•	t	•

4.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other common lands, Within the hamlet of Bur cot and parifti of Dor chef er, in the county of Oxford.

5.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common failures, and other com-*

monable

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE bfthfe STATUTES.

motiablfc lands Kid grounds* in the manor and parifh of Lid-in the county of Bedford.

6.	An aft tf Enable Janet Grtmcdgh, heretofore ealled fitytb% «nd his iffue, to take; and ufe the farname of Greenaigbf put/Lftnt to the will of WiUtem Gr&nalgb dcoeafed.

7.	An aft for naturalizing George Emji de Hahn.

8.	An aft for vefting the eftate of Cbrijlopber Whicbtote efquire, and Jane his wife, jitutte in the county of Wilts* entailed by the will of Francis TregagJe efquire, deceafed, in troflfces, to be few, and for applying the monies a riling by fuch fels in dif-chergkig the incumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the remainder in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame nfes*

9.	An aft to citable certain truftees, named in the fcttlement of fir Stafford Northern baronet, deceafed, to rail* a competent fum of money, by way of. mortgage of port of the hereditament* comprifed in fuch fcttlement, to be applied in completing the puCebafe of an undivided moiety, or half part, of the manor of lddefiey> in the county of Devon, to be fettled to the fame ufe, and for the like purpofes* as the other undivided moiety of the fame manor Hands limited and chargpd by the fettlemeut and will of the faid fir Stafford Northcote.

j(o. An aft for veftmg part of the fettled eftates ef Philip tVycteH Mayow efqtnre, in Ajhbrenton alias A/hprington^ m Devon, in truftees, to be fold; and fettling other eftates of greater va* luc* m lieu thereof*

II* An aft for vefting certain eftates and chattels, devifed by the will of Picket A Rayniford enquire, deceafed \ and part of certain eftates comprifed in a fettlement made on the marriage bf Richard Reynsfcrd the younger efquire, in truftees, to fell the feme; and for applying the money to arife by fuch fete in fuch mahner as in the faid aft mentioned.

12.	An aft for dividing and inciofing the open fields; and a parcel of common or wafte ground, in the manors of Goodman-bant* in thfe county of Tori.

13.	An oft for dividing, inciofing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds, in the townlhip of Rigton^ in the parifh of Kirkby OverMm, in the county of Tori; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

14.	An aft for dividing and inciofing a large open and uncultivated common, or traft of ground, parcel of the forteft of Mfttdip\ fituate within the parifhes of Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael) otherwrfe Stake lane, in the county of Somerjet.

15.	An aft for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and cowmonable .lands, rn the parifh of Potutfputy, and hamlet of Tardley Gobyon, in the faid parifh of Potterfpury, and alfo a parcel ©f iatad called Kerrfon Field, in the parifh ot Cofgrave, in the county of Northampton.

16.	An act for dividing and inciofing the waftes, nroffe, heaths, and commons, in the parifh of Hamner in the county ©f Flint.

17. An

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

17.	An ad far dividing and indofing the open fields, ings* meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands* within the parifh of Fulletby, in the county of Lincoln*

j8. An ad to enable John Clarke efquire, (heretofore called John Plomer) and the heirs male of his body, to take and bear the furnatne and arms of Clarke, purfuant to the will of Richard Clarke efquire deceafed •

19.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Bigot*

20.	An ad for naturalizing Louis Jouenne.

21.	An ad for veiling divers manors, lands* and hereditaments, in the county of Southampton, the fettled eftate of fir Ja* coo Wolf baronet, in truftees, to be conveyed to a purchafer thereof, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the pQrchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

22.	An ad for declaring certain lands, allotted to John Har+ rifon efquire, in the parifh of Bijbop Norton, in the county of Lincoln, to be copyhold and freehold refpedively, purfuant to the award of the commiflioners appointed by an ad of parliament of the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and indofing certain open fields,, lands, and grounds, in the townfhip and parifh of Bijbop Norton, in the county of Lincoln.

23.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, in the townfhip and parifh of Scroohy9 in the county ot Nottingham.

24.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Scaldwelly in the county of Northampton.

25.	An ad for dividing, indofing, and allotting, the feveral commons and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Wol-verley9 in the county of Worcejler.

2b. An ad for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker.

27.	An ad for exchanging the advowfon of the church of Hinton Mertelly otherwife Hinton Martelly in the county of Dor-fet9 belonging to his Majefty, for the advowfon of the church of Fringfordy otherwife Ferringfordy in the county of Oxford, belonging to the right honourable Mary9 countefs dowager of Shajtejbury.

28.	An ad for exchanging certain lands and tenements, part of the eftates comprifed in the fettlement made on the marriage of the right honourable George lord vifcount Torringtony for certain lands and tenements, belonging to the prefident and fcho-lars of Saint John Baptijl College, in the univerfity of Oxford; and alfo for exchanging certain mills and lands thereto bdonging, likewife comprifed in the faid fettlement, for certain lands and tenements belonging to John Dilly gentleman.

29.	An ad to confirm a leafe, made b/ William Lamherty an infant, with the confent of his guardians, to the right honourable ILdward Smith Stanley^ commonly called Lord Stanley y of lands in the parilh of Woodmanjhrny in the county of Surrey.

30.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

30.	An ad to enable the reverend John Blackburn, vicar of the parifti and parilh church of BoffaU in the county of York) to make and eftablifh an exchange of certain mefluages, tenements, lands, and hereditaments, in the faid county of York, for other lands and hereditaments, in the fame county, belonging to Henry Brewfter Darley efquire.

31.	An ad to exchange lands between the truftees of a certain charity eftate at Hartwell) in the county of Aftddlefex, and JViUiam and Henry Berners efquires.

32.	An ad for effeding an exchange between John Parker and Montagu Edmund Parker, efquires, of parts of their fettled eftates, in the county of Devon * and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

33.	An ad for veiling feveral mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Devon, and city of Exeter, late the eftate of Robert Stone gentleman, deceafed in truftees, to enable them to convey the fame to the purchasers thereof; and to apply the money arifing by fuch fale in payment of the debts of the faid Robert Stoney purfuant to a decree of the court of chancery*

34.	An ad for veiling in truftees feveral mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Artburet and Kirk Andrewes, in the county of Cumberland, part of the eftate of Ca~ thtrine fVtddtington, commonly called Catherine Lady Widdring-ton% deceafed, for a term of five hundred years, for railing and paying certain fums of money to the reverend Robert Graham% clerk; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain common and open fields and meadows, in the parilh of Cranford in the county of Northampton.

36.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, within the parilh of Cleeve Prior, in the county of IVorceJler.

37.	An ad for aividing and inclofing the open arid common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parilh of Beng-worth, in the county of IVorceJler.

38.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land* within the precinds of the chapelryor townfhipof Pinvin, in the county of IVorceJler.

39.	An ad to confirm and eftablilh an agreement and award, for dividing and inclofing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of AdleJlrop% in the county of Gloucejler.

40.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the hamlets or tythings of Broadwell and Filkins, in the manor and parilh of Broadwell) otherwife Broadwell Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

41.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable clof* es, common grounds, heath, and wade grounds, within the manor and parilh of Great Rollwright, in the county of Oxford.

, 42* An

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

4a. An aA for naturalizing Charles Louis 8pitta.

43* An a& for naturalizing Peter Aubery.

44.	An adt to enable duke of Argyll to fell certain right* of fenritudc over lands, in the county of Argyll, belonging in property to Hugh Bern enquire, and fir James Campbell baronet.

45.	An a<ft for carrying into execution an agreement made between John earl of Breadalbane, and James Mtnzies of Guldares, for the exchange of certain lands in the county of Perth.

46.	An a£t for veiling divers manors, meffaagcs, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of EJfex and Norfolk, being the fettled eftates of James lord vifcount Grimflm, of the kingdom of Ireland, in truftces, to be fold, for difcbargkig portions and incumbrances, and for laying out the refidue of the money a*-rifing by fuch fate4n the purchafe of other melTuages, lands, and hereditaments, fieuate and being in the county of Hertford, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

47.	An adt for eftabltfhing and confirming exchanges of di* vers lands and hereditaments, in the parilh of Rowfham, in the county of Oxford, puriuoot to articles of agreement between fir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway efquire, and thefeve*. rend Harry Lee; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

48.	An a<5t to enable the right honourable fir John SheHey baronet, and thetruftees named in the fettlcment on his marriage with dame WUhelmina Shelley deceafed, his kte wife, to convey part of the eftates, in the countyvof &^*,comprifed in fuch fet* dement, in exchange for, of in lieu of, other eftates belonging to the faid fir John Sbtlley, in the fame county.

49.	An a& for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division, made by and between fir James Penrryman baronet, Charles Anderfon Pelham efquire, and Michael Newton efquire, of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Middkjex, and city of London, late the eftates of fir Michael Wharton knight, deceafed; and tor fettling and limiting the entire and fpccific parts and fhares, which, upon the laid partition and divifion, have been allotted to each of them, to the feveral ufes therein mentioned.

50.	An a& for veiling a freehold eilate, late of Eliab Hervey efquire, deceafed, called Buokhoufe, otherwile Munkham, fituatfc in the parilhes of Woodford and Ghigwell, in the county of EJfex, in truftces, and their heirs, in tfuft, to fell and convey the lame as therein mentioned; and for applying the money arifing by (ale thereof for the benefit of Edward Hitvey, an,infant, his pnly Ion, and heir at law; and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

51.	An aft to enable Peter Legh cfiqoire, and the reverend

AJbburnbam Legh clerk, to grant building and improving leafes of part of their fettled eftates, within the counties of Lancajiet and Cbe/ler.	*

52.	An a£l for veiling certain manors, mefluages, lands, rents; and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Middlefex, part of the fettled eftates of Meliora Duconfoni the wife of William Dicconfon efquire, in irullees, to be fold ; and for invefting the

mo-

Digitized by v^rOOQle

A TA BLE of the STATUTES.

money arifing by fuch felein the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes. .

53.	An eft to enable the daan and chapter of the cathedral

church of	Worcefitr, and Rowland	Berkeley enquire, to make and

cftehlilh an exchange of certain lands and tithes, in the parilh of Cetberidge, in the county of	Worcejler.

54.	An ait for fate of the eftate of Elizabeth 8mart, an infant, in the counties of Durham and Northumberland.

55.	An ail to fubjeit and charge the prebend manor of Myth Milton, in the county of Oxford, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, thereunto belonging, %ith the payment of two fevcral perpetual yearly rent charges, or annual payments, to the fey trend John Wbeel&on, and bis fueceffors, prebendaries of the prebend of Myth Milton aforefaidi and far divefting the fee-ntuple and inheritance thereof out of him and his fucceflbrs, and for veiling the feme, fo charged, in the reverend Charles St urges, bis heirs and affigns.

56.	An ait for impowering the judges of the court of felfiott

in Seetlead to fell fuch part or parts of the eftate of Ednam, in the county of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James	efquire,

deceaifed, and now to captain WilUam Dickfon, as ftiaU be fufficient for payment of tbc debts aife&ing the fame.

57.	An aft for veftiog pan of the fettled eftate* of William Peacocic efquire, and Emma his wife, in the parilh of Uanedwan, i/n the county of Aiglefea, in the faid William Peacock/, in fee fimple, and for fettling an eftate of the faid William Peacotke, in the parilh of Penmynydd, in the feme county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

58.	An ail for veiling the fee fimple and inheritance of the tftates late of Robert Dyne efquire, deocafed, in truftees, in truil, to fell and difpofe of fo much thereof as may be fufticient to pay off and difeharge all the debts, legacies, and other incumbrances affeiting the (aid eilates; and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

59.	An ail for veiling the eftate; of Edmund Bull dquire, in the county of Hertford, and city of London, in truftees, to be fold, for tbc payment of debts and incumbrances; and other purpofes therein exprefied,

60.	An ail for veiling in the reverend William Peacock and his

heirs, in fee fimple, part of the glebe lands, and the tithes, of the parilh of Danby Whxfke,and Qafferten, other wife	in

the oeunty of Yvrk\and for fettling certain freehold eftates of the faid William Peacock in him and his fucceflbrs, redoes of the feed parilh, in lieu thereof j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

61.	An ail for veiling certain freehold eftates, in the counties

p fBerks and Wilts, deviled by the will of William Pitt efquire, dceeafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafeof other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to fuch of the ufes limited pr devtfed by the faid will, as are, or lhall be capable of taking offied.	e

62./An. N

Digitized by vUO

* ‘	_y

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

62.	An ad to enable Moriecai Grunt efquire, and Mary hit wife, to carry into execution an agreement made for.and on the behalf of Alice Bland widow, deceafed, with Ralph Milner 5 and alfo to grant building and repairing leafes of fuch parts of the eftates of the faid Alice Bland, as lie in or near the town of Man-chefter, and alfo leafes for twenty-one years, of other the eftates |ate of the faid Alice Bland.

63.	An ad for veiling the freehold and copyhold eftates, entailed by the will of William Lock efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold; and for purchafmg other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes, fubjed to the annuities and other charges thereon $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

64.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftates devifed by the will of Thomas Dudley, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, ahd for applying the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the like uies.

65.	An ad for veiling certain parts of divers mefluages, wharfs, and hereditaments, called Montague Clo/e, in the county of Surrey, in truftees, in trull, to fell the fames and for other purpofea therein mentioned.

66.	An ad for veiling the fevcral eftates of the late Samuel Homing efquire, fituate in 'Jamaica, in truftees, in trull, to fell the fame, for the payment of the incumbrances thereon, and of his debts; and for other purpofes.

6y. An ad for inclofing and improving feveral grounds, in the parilh of Sledmire, in the Eafl Riding of the county of York.

68.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, lying in the parilh of Hici-ling, in the county of Nottingham.

69.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, hills, Heights, and other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Cutfden, otherwife Cuttefden, in the parilh of Bredon, in the county of Worcejler.

70.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fens, common meadows, common fields, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of $)uadring, and in Quadring hundred, in the county of Lincoln.

71.	An ad for divming and inclofing the commons and common meadows, in the liberty of Brinjky, in the parilh of Greaf-ley, in the-county of Nottingham.

72.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain Hinted pafture, called Stockbam Marjh, in the parilh of Bremhill in the county of Wilts \ and for exonerating certain old inclo-fures within the faid parilh from the payment of tithes.

73.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, and commonable places, of Long Itcbington, and Bajcote, in the county of Warwick.

74.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open arable 6eld% meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Sutton cum Lound, in the county of Nottingham.

75.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, mea-

dows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Knapwell, in the county of Cambridge.	76, An

Digitized by vjOOQLC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

76.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and within the parilh and liberties of Brawn-fiortj in the county of Northampton.

77.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open and common fiela and commonable land, lying within the townlhips, liberties, and precinfts, of Upper Tadmartan and Lower Tadmarton9 in the county of Oxford.

78.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open fields, meadows, and commons or wade grounds, within the hamlets of Lea and MarJlon9 in the parilh of Lea Marjion, in the county of Warwick \ and alfo certain pieces of walle ground, within the liberty of Dunton9 in the parilh of Curdworth9 in the faid county.

79.	An aft for dividing and laying in feveralty the open and common fields, and part of the open and common downs, called Southcott and Kepnell Down9 Wort Down9 and other commonable placesj and alfo for dividing and incloling Pewfey Common, in the parilh of Pewfey, in the county of Wilts.

80.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and incloling, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the parilh of Brize Norton, in the county of Oxford.

81.	An aft to render valid and effeftual certain articles of a* greement, for incloling and dividing the copimons and wafte grounds in the manor and parilh of Kildale9 in the county of York.

82.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open common fields, lands, paftures, and commonable grounds, within the townlhip, liberties, and precinfts, of Claydon9 in the parilh of Cropredy9 in the county of Oxford.

83.	An aft for dividing and incloling the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parilh of Todnam9 otherwife Todenbam9 in the county of Gloucefttr.

84.	An aft for dividing and incloling a moor, called Alnham

Moor or Alnham Common9 and alfo the Infield Grounds of the town*-(hip of Alnham9 in the parilh of Alnham9 in the county of Nor-thumberland.	• ,

85.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and incloling, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parilh and liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe9 in the county of Huntingdon.

86.	An aft to diflblve the marriage of Robert Greene merchant, with Juliana Greene9 otherwife Judge9 his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for, other purpofes therein mentioned.

87.	An aft for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodrich.

88.	An aft for rendering effeftual a propofal, or agreement, made between the duke of Buccleugh and the lord bilhop of Win-ehejler9 for exchanging and enfranchiling certain leafehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, in the parilh and manor of Ad4erhury9 in the county of Oxford; and for enabling the laid bilhop to grant leafes in manner therein mentioned.

89

.

• An

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

89.	An ad for appointing new cruftees, to carry into execution, an ad, palled in the eighth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, intituled. An aftfir the mote efeftuaVy carrying into execution an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft fir vefting in trujiees the fettled ejlate of Washington earl Ferrers, in the cot^nty of Derby, to he fold, for fatisfying the incumbrances and portions affefting the fame, and the reft of the fettled eftate, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, in the room and Head of thofe appointed by the faid ad, who are defirous of resigning the trull thereby repofad in them.

90.	An ad for the faie and enfranchisement of certain copyhold tenements and premifes, in the parish of Leeds, in the county of Tort, part of the eftate belonging to the free grammar School there, for the purpofc of creding a publick cloth hall, and making avenues or paflages thereto$ and for applying the purchase money for the benefit of the faid School.

91.	An ad to confirm Several building leafes, already granted by the right honourable the earl of Sefton, of the kingdom of Irelandof part of his fettled eftates in the county of Lancefter\ and to enable him during his life, and after his deceaSe the truftee during the minority of any infant, to grant other building and improving leafes; and for other purpoies in the laid ad mentioned,

92.	An ad for veiling certain-lands at Hadley, itt the parilh Wellington, in the county of Salop, devifed by the will of the reverend JoJbua Pulfird clerk, deceafed, in Jo/bua Freeman and his heirs.

93.	An ad to enable the reverend Edmund Hedjhon, redor of Spinnithorne, in the county of York, to exchange the tithes of the townlhips of Hamby and Spinnithorne, for lands in the parilh of Goverham, in the county of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

94.	An ad for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers granted by an ad, paffed in the eighteenth year of hi$ late tnajefty King Goorge the Second, intituled. An aft for faleof cer-tain leaf held eftates, late of Sarah Eaton deceafed, and by her devifed to the provoft, fellows, and fcholars, of Worcefler College, in the vniverfityof Oxford, andfor laying out the money ariftng thereby in the purchafe offie ftmple eftates ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and for indemnifying the ading truftee or nruftees, appointed under the faid ad, for having expended a larger fum of money than allowed by that ad; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

95.	An ad for dividing and indofiag the open and commos*

fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the parilh of Wootton Wawcn, otherwife Waves Wootton, in the county of Warwick.

THE

Digitized by Google

THE

STATUTESat Large, &c.

Annoregni GEORGII III. Regis, -nee Britannia, Framice,K &	,

decitno quinto.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774., in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE/^ Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Being thefirftfejfion of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP; I.

An aft to allow the importation of Indian corn and maize> under certain rejlriftions•

WHEREAS by an aft% pajfed in the thirteenth year of the reign 6f his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adt to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, it was> among other things, provided, That when the price of feveral Jorts of grain exceeded certain prices therein mentioned, that the fame, and other grain and pulfe, Jbould be imported, paying a fmall duty: and whereas the grain, com-monly called Indian Corn and Maize, was in the (aid aft omitted, although applicable to the fame purpofes with fome of the other grains in the faid aft enumerated and permitted to be imported, as aforefaid: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted \ and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling or this aStf when barley is allowed by the faid adt to be imported into this kingdom, upon the payment of a duty of two-pence per quarter, the importation of Indian corn and maize be permitted, on the payment of a duty of one penny per quarter, and no more, under the like provifions and regulations, and with the like appropriation of the duty on the lame, as barley i$ allowed to be imported by the faid adt; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

VOL* XXXI*	B	PAP.

Preamble,

After palling 1 this adt Indian corn and maize may be imported, paying i d.per quarter, under the like regu« lations as barley is allowed to be impot ted by 13 Geo.

Digitized by

Google

9	Anno	dccimo quinto Georgii III. C. 2—6. [1775.

c a p. ir.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, muni, Cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy»five.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting an aid to hu Majelty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Brita n, for the fervice of the year one thouiaud (even hundted and (cventy five. At three jbillings in the pound.

CAP. IV.

An aft for the regulation of his Majeity's marine forces while on fhore.

C A P. V.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utenfils made ufeof in the cotton, linen,woollen, and filk manufaftures of this kingdom, as relates to wool cards ufed in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, intended to Ife exported to any of his Majejlys colonies or plantations in America.

Preamble. "IT WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft, pajfed in the fourteenth Claufe in aft YV ycar °f the reign of his prefent Majejlf, intituled, An aft 14 Gfo-3. pro-to Prevcnt the exportation to foreign parts of utenfils made ufe hibiting the of in the cotton, linen, and woollen, and filk manufaftures of exportation of this kingdom, the collecting of tools and implements ufed in the woollen the^oolierT manufacture, with intent to export the fame, is prohibited under cer-manufactory, tain penalties and forfeitures: and whereas the exportation of wool recited, cards to his Majejlf s colonies in North America hath been very benefit ialf or a great number of years pafi, both to this country and the faii colonies, and the prohibition of the Exporting of them having proved extremely prejudicial to great numbers of poor families in England, by the ftoppage of the trade of making fuch wool cards \ be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, and by this aft That fo much of the faid claufe as prohibits the collefting or repealed,fo far obtaining of implements and tools ufed in the woollen manil-f^ewrta- ^a<^ure this kingdom, for the purpofe of exporting the fame to tion otwool f°me other part or place than Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be, cards, &c. to and the fame is hereby repealed, as far as relates to wool cards, America. Cr dock cards, not exceeding in value four (hillings per pair, and fpinners cards, not exceeding in value one (hilling and fix pence per pair, ufed in the faid woollen manufafture, intended to be exported to any of his Majedy’s colonies or plantations in America.

C A P. VI.

An aft for punUhing mutiny and defertion j and for the better payment of the airoy and their quarters.

CA P.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1775	1 Anno decimo qulnto GeoRGII III. 0.7,8,9.	$

C A P. VIJ.

continue for 0 farther lime an aft, made in the eighth year of bis prefent Majefty9 s reign, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britijh dominions^ in America, for a limited time \ and for extending the provilions of the faid afts to potatoes, and all kinds of pulfc.

WHEREAS an q ft was made in the fifth year of his prefent Preamble.

Majefiy s reign, (intituled, An aft for importation of falted Aft 5 Geo. 3* beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time) r and whereas an aft Was made in the eighth year of his prefent Ma~ Aft % Geo 3# jejly s reign, to continue and amend the faid fir ft-mentioned aft, and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the Britifh dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas by fix afts, made in the ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, tbir- and aft 9, u>, teentb, and fourteenth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, the »& *4 faid laft-mentioned aft was continued until the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and JeVenty-five: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of tbo faid goods and commodities fhould be allowed for a longer time: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it . may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft, made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the.Britijh dominions in America, fora limited time,) (hall continue, and be in full force and effeft, until the thirtieth day of .March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy Mar.30,1776# fix.

II. And whereas the free importation of potatoes and pulfe from Ireland, maybe advantageous,bc it enafted, That during the con-titjuancc of this aft, potatoes, and* all kinds cf pulfe, may be im- maybeimport^ ported into Great Britain from Ireland free of duty.	ed duty free.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia ip that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and (evemy-five.

C A P. IX.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal'from toe Coventry capal navigation xo the city of Oxford.



CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno dccimo quinto Georgii 111. C. io. [1775.

CAP. X.

An afl to refrain the trad* and commerce of the provinces c/Mafla-chufet’s Bay and New Hampfhire, and colonies of Connecticut , xcnd Rhode Ifland, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh iflands in the Weft Indies; and to prohibit Jucb provinces and colonies from ' tarrying on any fifhery on the banks of Newfoundland, or other places therein mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations.

Preamble.	tT THE REAS by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign

CUufe in aft VV of king Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the eri-ift Car. ft. re- couraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation ; and byfe-cited.	veral fuBjequent afls of parliament which are now in force, it is, a~

mongjt other things, enacted, That for every Jbip or vejfel which JbaH load any commodities, in thofe afls particularly enumerated, at any Bridfh plantation, being the growth, product, or manufacture there-of bonds Jhall.be given, with one furety, to the value of one thoufand pounds, if the Jbip be oflefs burthen than one hundred tons, and of the fum of two thoufand pounds, if the Jhip be of greater burthen, that the fame commodities Jball be brought by fucb Jhip or vejfel to feme other Britifh plantation, or to fome port in Great Britain: and whereas, by feveral other afls oj parliament which are now in force, no commodities of the growth^ produfl, or manufacture of Europe, (except fait for the fijberics, wines of the Madeiras and Azores and Weftera Iflands, and victual and linen cloth from Ireland, under the rejhric-tions in fucb afls particularly mentioned), can be imported into any plantation, colony, territory, or place, belonging to his Majefty, in Afia, Africa, or America, but what Jhall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and Jkipped in Great Britain, and carried direct fy from thence: and whereas, during the continuance of the combinations and diforders, which at this time prevail within the provinces of Maflachufet’s Bay and New Hampfhire, and the colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Ifland, to the objlruflion of the commerce of thefe kingdoms, and other his Majefiys dominions, and in breach and violation of the laws of this realm, it is highly unfit that the inhabitants of the faid provinces and colonies Jbould enjoy the fame privileges of trade, and the fame benefits and advantages to which his Majefif s faithful and obedient fub-After July 1, je^ts are intitled be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod ex-1775* no7 9 cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lofds goods, wares, fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament &c. enumerate affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and af-aft li Car. I. tcr t*ie ^ day Jub*one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-bcingthe * five, and during the continuance of this a St, no goods, wares, growth, pro- or merchandifes, which are particularly enumerated in, and by M^achufet’ t*lc ^ a<^ ma^c 'n twe^lh Year ot king Charles the Second, Bay,&c. arcto or *ny other act, being the growth, produft, or manufacture of be brought in- the provinces of Mafjachufet's Bay, or New Hampfhire, or colo-to fome other nies of Connecticut, Rhode IJland, or Providence Plantation, in BntiJh colony, }jortb America, or any or either of them, are to be brought to Britain fome other Britifh colony, or to Great Britain\ or any fucb enumerated

Digitized by

Google

*775*] Anno dcdmo quinto Georoti III. c. io.	5

merited goods, wares, or merchandife, which (hall at any time or times have been imported or brought into the (aid provinces	%

or colonies, or any or either of them, (hall be (hipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the faid provinces or colonies refpe&ively, to any land, ifland, territory, dominion, port, or place whatfoever, other than to Great Britain, or fome of the Britijb iflands in the fPeJI Indies, to be laid on (hore there; arid t^”.° * that no other goods, wares, or merchandife whatfoever, of the m£uSc-growth, product, or manufafture of the provinces or colonies tureof thepro-herein-before mentioned, or which (hall at any time or times viaces men-have been imported or brought irito the fame, (hall, from and y9 to after the faid nrft day of July, and during the continuance of this ^ anyo^er w£k, be (hipped, carried, conveyed, or tranfported, from any of piaceexccptto the faid provinces or colonies refpedively, to any other land, Great Britain, ifland, territory, dominion, port, or place whatfoever, except to or ircland,&c. the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to fome of the Britijb iflands in the Wejl Indiesr to be laid on (hore there; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Bond*, with from and after the faid firft day ot July, before anv (hip or vef- ^erTbefide* fel (hall lade, or take on board any goods, as aforefaid, in any or u,e fhipmaf-cither of the provinces or colonies before mentioned, fufficient ten, before bond, with one furety, befides the matter of fuch (hip or veflel, taking on (hall be given to the colleflor, or other principal officer 6f the ^^oltooSrlie cuflbms at the port or place where fuch goods are intended to growth, of be laden, or taken on board, in the penalty of one thoufand laid provinces^ pounds, if the (hip be of lefs burthen than one hundred torts, and of the fum of two thoufand pounds, if the (hip (hall be of that or any greater burthen, with condition that fuch enumerated goods (hall not be landed, or put on (hore, at or upon any other land, ifland, territory, dominion, port, or place whatfoever, except fome port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, or fome of the Britijb iflands in the IVeJl Indies} and that all other goods, wares, or merchandises, fo intended to be laden as aforefaid, (hall not be landed or put on (hore at or upon any land, ifland, territory, dominion, port, or place whatfoever, other than and except fome port or place within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or fome of the Britijb iflands in the Wejl Indies % and with further condition to bring a certificate in Shipmaftert tw difcharee thereof, within eighteen months from the date of fuch bond, for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for or landed	1*,^. of

it* Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, and within fix months goods, for fuch of the (aid goods as (hall be entered for or landed in any of the Britijb iflands in the Wtjl Indies \ which refpe&ive certifi- '"Mdi *** *> cates (hall blunder the hands and feals of office of the colle&or ^cSkaorifc and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, refi- tj,c pon 4*nt at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed, tefti- where landed, fying the landing thereof; or fuch bond or bonds (hall and may ,be difcharged by proof, upon oath made by credible perfons, shat the faid goods.were taken by enemies, or pcrittied in the tas.

B3	III.	And

tify the fame.

Goods laden on board before bond given, or

with the lliip, &c.

6	Anno	decimo quinto Gedrgii \\l. c.io, [1775.

After bond* III. And it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore* have been de-fajdj That where any fuch bond or bonds (hall be given, as leftor toCcer- af°rcfeid* in purfuance of this athe collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, to whom fuch bond or bonds (hall have been given, (hall deliver, under his hand and feal of office, without fed or reward, to the matter of the (hip or vefTel taking in fuch goods, for the fecurity of her navigation, a certificate, that fuch bond or bonds hath or have been given, exprefiing therein the quantity and fpecies of the goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages, and the port or place for which they were entered; and if any fuch goods (hall be laden on board any fuch (hip or veflel in any of the provinces or colonies in this a<ft before mentioned, before fuch bond or bonds (hall be without ccrti- given, or (hall be found on board any (hip or veflel without the they are certificate hcrein-before directed, that fuch bond or bonds hath or ^ave keen given, the goods fo laden, together with the (hip wi » nn. ^ vc(j*ci^ wjth hcr gUns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, /hall be forfeited; and if any goods, fo laden as aforc-faid, (hall he landed or difeharged at any port or place, contrary to the intent and meaning .of this adf, over and above the penalty of the bond or bonds, the fhipper and owner of fuch goods, pnd the matter or perfon taking charge of the veflel on board which they were laden, (hall refpe&ively forfeit the full value of the goods fo landed or difeharged, to be eftimated according to the higheft price or value which fuch fort of goods bear in,the province or colony where and at the time when they were (hipped and laden ; which (hip and goods may be feized and profe-cuted, or the value of fuch goods profecuted for, by any admiral, chief commander, or commiflioned officer of his Majefty*s fleet or (hips of war, or by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in the manner herein-after diredled.

iy. And it is hereby further ©nadted by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fiye, and during the continuance of this adt, no fort of wines, fait, or any goods or commodities what-foever, (except liorfes, vidlual, and linen cloth, the produce and pianufaflure of Ireland, imported diredfly from thence), (hall be imported into any of the faid colonies or provinces herein-before refpedtively mentioned, upon any pretence whatfoever, unlefs ttnfett^withoutfuch goods (hall be bona fide and without fraud laden and (hipped «. a Qreat 2ritainy and carried directly from thence, upon forfeiture thereof, and of the (hip or veflel on board which fuch goods (hall be laden; and it (hall be lawful for any admiral, chief commander, or commiflioned officer, of his Majefty’s fleet, or (hips of war, or any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to feize any (hip Nor veflel arriving at any of the faid provinces or colonies before-mentioned, or which (hall be difeoyered within two leagues of any (hore thereof, having fuch goods on board, and the goods laden thereon, (except as before excepted), for which the matter, pr other perfon taking charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall not produce a cocfcft or clearance frojq tfte po|letftor? or proper offi-............................................-	'•	«F

After Sept, i, 1775, certain goods prohibited to be brought into tfre colonies,

fraud (hipped from Great Jlritaii).

Digitized by Google

7

cerof his Majefty’s cuftoms, certifying that the faid goods were laden on board the faid (hip or vcfleJ, in fome port of Great Britain; any law, cuftom, or qfage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.	'

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the This afrnot

authority aforefaid. That this adt, or any thing herein contained,t0 extend to (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit the ex- fclTary	hi*"

portatioo or carrying out from any of the provinces or colonies Majefty’s (hips before mentioned, or the importation into the fame, of any goods of war orforts, or commodities whatfoever for the victualling or providing any &c*

of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veffels in his

Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or garrifons, '

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Nor |1?n(|ej.t|ie

VI.	And provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (flail taWfiU?fnp0r-extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or reftrain the law-tation of goods ful importation into any or either of the faid provinces or colo- from the Bri-nies herein-before mentioned, from any of the Britijh iflands in

the JVefi Indies, of any fuch goods or commodities, being the colonies.* growth or produce thereof, as may now by law be imported from thence into the faid provinces or colonies, or any or either of

VII.	And it is hereby further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That if any (hip or veffel, being the property of the fubjedts After July to, of Great Britain, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Bri- ^Veffels not tain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney, fitted out from or Man, (hall be found, after the twentieth day of July, one Great Britain* thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, carrying on any fifti- *fc# filing ery, of what nature or kind foever, upon the banks of Newfound- Newfound? land, the coaft of Labrador, or within the river or gulf of Saint \nnd,8a:. to be Lawrence, or upon the coaft of Cape Breton, or Nova Scotia, or forfeited, with any other part of the coaft of North America, or having on board *£cir fackle, materials for carrying on any fuch fifhery, every fuch fhipor&c* veffel, with her guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with the fi(h, if any (hall be found on board, (hall be forfeited, unlefs the mafter, or other perfon, having the charge JJ^uce pro. of fuch (hip or veffel, do produce to the commahder of any of his per certifi-Majefty’s (hips of war, ftationedfor the protedtion and (uperin-cates, &c. tendence of the Britijh filheries in America, a certificate, under the hand and feal of the governor or commander in chief, of any of the colonies or plantations of Quebec, Newfoundland, Saint John, Nova Scotia, New York, New Jerfey, Penfylvania, Mary-land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Eaft Florida, IVeJl Florida, Bahamas, and Bermudas, fetting forth, that fuch (hip or veffel, expreffmg her name, and the name of her mafter, and deferibing her built and burthen,-hath fitted and cleared out, from fome one of the faid colonies or plantations, in order to proceed upon the faid fifhery, and that (he actually and bona fide belongs to and Is the whole and entire property of his Majefty’s fubjedts, inhabitants of the (aid colonjr or plantation ; which certificates fuch governors, or commanders in chief fefpedlively, are hereby authorised and require*} to grant.

them.

B +

VIII. An4

Digitized

Anno decitno qulnto Gborgii III. c* 10. [1775.

1 VIIL And to the end that the foregoing prohibitions, r(firi£tiont% dnd regulations, may be more effequally curried into execution, it is Commander* hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall othisMajefty’s an(j may jawfui to and for all or any of the commanders of etc^o'learcb Majefty’s (hips or veffels of war, Rationed and appointed for all (hip* carry- the regulation and protection of the Britijh fiftiery upon th$ Irtg on the faid coafts of North America, or to and for the commanders of any fi/henet, , other of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels employed at fea, and they and every of them affe hereby required and enjoined to examine* fearch, and viftt a;l (hips and veflels fufpefted to be carrying on and to fctee, the faid fifheries; and to fcifce, arreft, and profecute, in manner fhall* not have herein-after directed, ail and every fuch (hips and veffels as (hall the certificate he found to be carrying on the (aid fiftierics, not belonging to before requir- and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of •d.	Guernfey9 Jtrf<y% Alderney, Sarty or Many "which (hall not have

on board the certificate herein-before required.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the audio* This aft not to rity aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or cleared^ut1^ con^rued to extend, to impower any officer of his Majefty’s from the'faid (h‘Ps °f war* or of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to feize any (hip or colonies before veffel which (hall be fitted and Cleared out from any of the faid June 1, for the colonics and provinces before the firft day of June> one thoufand only*	fcven hundred and feventy-five, for the whale filhery only, and

*1	which (hall be found carrying on fuch fifhery within the limits

aforefaid, between the faid firft day of June and the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and not carrying on, nor having on board any materials for carrying on, any other fiftiery.

Ndr to aifeft X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That (hips belong- nothing in this aft contained, refpefting the fimeries carried on ifland°ofNan- ^i* Majefty’s fubjefts in North America, (hall affeft, or be tucket,cleared conftrued to affeft, any (hip or veflel, her guns, ammunition, out for’the tackle, apparel, furniture, or fi(h, on board, being the property whale fifhery, 0f any of the inhabitants of the iflaad of Nantucket, employed o«r fiPrT *n w^ale fiftiery only, if it (hall appear by the papers on board, P« r 1 ca e. tjiat fuch ^jp or veffel was fitted and cleared out from thence before the firft day of Junes one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, or if the maftcr, or other perfon having the charge of any fuch (hip or veffel as aforefaid, (nail produce a certificate, under the hand and feal of the governor or commander in chief of the province of \h^MaJfachufet'sBay% fetting forth, that fuch (hip or veffel (exprefling her name, and the name of her matter, and deferibing her built and burden) is the whole and entire property of his Majefty’s fubjefts of the faid ifland of Nantucket, and Was the property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and that (he was cleared out with materials on board in order to proceed upon the whale fiftiery only; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it erufted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Digitized by

Google

1775-1	AnmJ decimoquinto Gborgii III. c. io.	9

That nothing in this a & contained, refpe&ing the fifheries carried Nor any fitted on by his Majefty’s fubjetfs in North America, (hall extend, or be out by the conftrued to extend, to any (hip or veflel, being the property of	(

any of the inhabitants of the town(hips of Marjbfield and Scituate%	****

in the provincc_of Maffachufefs Bay, employed in or carrying on the mackarel, (had, and alewife fifheries only, if the mafter, or other perfon having the charge of any fuch (hip or veflel, as afore-faid, (hall produce a certificate, under the hand and feal of the governor, or commander in chief, of the province of the Majfa-chufet'sBay* fetting forth, that fuch (hip or veflel (exprefling her name, and the name of her mafter, and deferibing her built and burthen) isjhe whole and entire property of his Majefty’s fubje&s of the faid townfhips of Marjbfitld and Scituate, and was the property of one or more of them, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thouiand feven hundred and feventy-five, which certificate or certificates fuch governor or commander in chief is hereby authorifed and required to grant.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That the river which The overrun*

emptieth itfelf into rajfamacadie or Pajfamaquadi Bay9 on the ninginto Paf-weftem fide, and is commonly called and known by the name of	*td

Saint Croix River, be held and deemed for all the purpofes in thYbwndarv this adt contained, to be the boundary between the provinces of between Mau Majfacfrufefs Bay and Nova Scotia.	fachuftt's Bay

XIII.	And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this aft, that the JP® Nova Sco* feveral prohibitions and rejlraints herein impofed upon the trade and commerce, and fifheries, of the faid provinces and colonies Jbould be dif-

continued and ceafe^fo foon as the trade and commerce of his Majeftfs fubjefis may be carried on without interruption; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That whenever it (hall be made J^?ieneirerit appear to the fatisfaftion of his Majefty’s governor or commander governor0 in chief, and the majority of the council, in the provinces of New of NewHamp* Nampjhire and MajfachuTet's Bay refpe&ively, that peace and obe- (hire, ice. that dience to the laws (hall be fo far reftored within the faid pro- P**<*i*fofrr vinces, or either^of them, that the trade and commerce of his	32

Majefty’s fubjedls may be carried on without interruption with- trade may be in the fame; and that goods, wares, and merchandife, have been carried on, he freely imported into the faid provinces, or either of them, from j?to notify the Great Britain, and expofed to falc, without any let, hindrance, c}^trir0]Jro' or moleftation, from or by reafon of any unlawful combinations	1

to prevent or obftrud the fame; and that goods, wares, and merchandife, have in like manner been exported from the faid provinces, or either of them refpedtively, to Great Britain, for and during the term of one calendar month preceding; that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and maybe lawful for the gover-her or commander in chief, with the advice of the council of fuch provinces refpedtively, by proclamation, under the feal of fuch refpeflive province, to notify the fame to the feveral officers of the cuftoms, and all others; and after fuch proclamation, this n& with refpefl to fuch province, within which fuch proclamation or proclamations have been iflued as aforefaid, (hall be difeon-tinued and ccafe, (except as hcrein-aftcr provided); and all officers

Digitized by Google

io	Anno	decimo	quinto	GeoRGII	III.	c.	io.	[1775•

and all offi- ficcrs of his Majefty’s cuftoths, and all other pcrfons having cuttcms^&c c*larSe l^e execution of this ad, having received due notice of are required to proclamation, are hereby direded and required to yield and pay due obe- p3y obedience to fuch proclamation, and to proceed in the dif-diencc thereto, cha/ge of their refpedive duties, in admitting to entry, clearing, and difeharging, all (hips and vtflfels, and all goods, wares, and merchandifes, into and out of fuch refpedive province; and to permit and fuffer any (hips or veflels to carry on the fifheries within the limits herein-before mentioned, in like manner as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary nolwithftanding.

If application XIV. And be it further enaded, That the governor or com-balTof tne co- !T,anc^er *n chief, with the advice of the council of the province Ionics ot Con- of Mafjachufet's Bay, (hall and may, and he is hereby authorifed nedicut and and impowered, upon application for and on behalf of the colo-Rhode illaud, nies of Connecticut and Rhode IJland, and Providence Plantation, or ^roved^to the eit^er ^cm, by the governor or commander in chief of the governor in* f^d colonies refpedively, to iflue the like publick notice or no-ewef, &<-. that tices by proclamation within the faid colonies, or either of them, Ja*tul trade if it (hall be proved to the faid governor or commander in chief, ried^tM^he*'!** an<* counci^ Maffacbufet's Bayy by the teftimony of the officers to iffue the nke °f his Majefty’s Cuiloms in each of the faid colonies refpedively, proclamation, and the faid governor or commander in chief, and council, (hall be fatisfied of the truth thereof, that the lawful trade between the faid colonies of Connecticut and Rhode IJland, and Providence Plantation, and Great Britain, is and hath been carried on in manner herein-before mentioned within the faid colonies, or either of them, for the fpace of one calendar month preceding the date of fuch application ; and from and after fuch proclamation, this ad (hall, with refped to fuch colonies, or either of them, be difeontinued and ceafe, (except as herein-after provided;) and all officers of the cuftoms in the faid colonies, and all others, are hereby required to pay obedience to fuch publick notice of the faid governor or commander in chief as aforefaid, and tp proceed in the difeharge of their refpedive duties in admitting to entry, clearing, and difeharging, all (hips and veflels, and all goods, wares, and merchandise, into and out of fuch,colony or colonies, in like manner as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fuch proclamation or proclamations (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to

any Slurc*0" difeharge or fufpend any proceedings upon any feizure which in/de before (hall have been made, or any profecution which (hall have been commenced for any penalty or forfeiture inflided by this ad before the ifluing of fuch proclamation or proclamations.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall give or grant any falfe certificates, cocker, or clearance, for any of the purpofes required or direded by this ad, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of ferv-

ing

Proclamation not to dif-charge pro-

liluing thereof.

Per fonts giv. ing fal!e certificates, or counterfeiting, &c. the fa ne,to tor-felt 5001.

Digitized by Google

XX

1775*1 Anno decimo qviinto Georgii III. c. io.

ing his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in any office whatfo-cver; and .if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify, any certificate, Socket, or clearance, required or directed by this a£t, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufe of any falfe certificate, cocket, or clearance, or of any certificate, rocket, or clearance, fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fain of five hundred pounds, and fuch certificate, cocket, or clearance, (hall be invalid arid of no eflFeCt.

XVII.	And be it further enaCied by the authority aforefaid,

That the feveral forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this a6t, penalty (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, and be di- j^n Jepro!(e* vided, paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties and cuted and ap> forfeitures inflicted by any aft or aCts of parliament, relating to plied.

the trade or revenues of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be jprofecuted, fued for, or recovered, divided,^ paid, and applied, by two feveral aCts of parliament, the one parted in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty^ intituled, .

An aft for granting certain duties in the Britifh colonies find plant a-tions in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, in aft pajfed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An aCt for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of fucb duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the [aid aft, towards defraying the expenses of defending* protefting, and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations; for explaining an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aCt for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eajlland trades, and for the better fecuring the planta- • tion trade; and for altering and di fallowing feveral drawbacks on fxports from this kingdom, and more effeftually preventing the clan-define conveyance of goods to and from toe faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade between the fame and Great Britain; and the other, pafied in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the more eafy and effeftual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflifted by the afts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the Britifh colonies and plan-	N

Cations in America.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- Perfons fued (bn or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aCt of par-liament, the defendant or defendants in fuch aCtion or fuit may an<* of this plead the general ifTue, and give the faid aCt and the fpecial mat- may plead the ter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the general iflue. fame was done in purfuance of and by theauthorityof thisaCt; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury lhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aCHon after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame* and recover fu defendants have in other cafes by law,	CAP.treWecoft**

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 11.	[1775*

CAP. XI.

An aft to’amend an aft made in the eleventh year of his prefent Mo-jefifs reign, For improving and compleating the navigation of tne rivers Thames and Ifis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

r

Preamble. \\T H E REAS by an aft, pajfed in the twenty-fourth year of the Claufe in aft VV reign of his late Majefiy, (intituled, An ad for the better hGco. <. carrying on and regulating the navigation of ihe rivers Thames and Ifts, from the city of London weftward, to the town of Cruklade, in the county of Wilts,) the commiffioners thereby appointed were, among/} other things, impowered to make orders and regulations touching the fizes and draughts of water of all boats* barges, and other vejfels, navigating the Jaid rivers, and to fettle proper gauges on the Jides thereof \ and how deep they Jbouid load at aU times, and in different Jeafons of the year, fo as no boat, barge, $r other vejfel, navigating the faid rivers, jbouid draw more than four feet of water at any feafon of the year; and whereas by another aft, pajfed and aft i iGco. m the eleventh year of his prefent Majefiy, for improving and compfeat-

3.	recited. jng faid navigation, the commiffioners thereby appointed were alfio (amongjl other things) impowered to make orders and regulations touching the fixes and draughts of all boats, barges, and other vejfels* navigating the faid rivers, and to fettle proper gauges on the jidts thereof, and how deep they Jbouid load at all times, fo as no boat* barge, or other vejfel whatfoever, navigating the faid river, Jbouid draw more than three feet of water, which depth jbouid be afeertain-ed by a firaigbt white line one inch broad, extending from bead ty jlern, on each fide of every barge, boat, or vejfel; and every per fen offending therein, by navigating bis boat, barge, or vejfel, drawing more than three feet of water, or not having the faid white line on each fide thereof, is thereby made liable to a penalty or forfeiture, not more than twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, to be levied and daufesnow recovered in manner therein mentioned: and whereas the faid rejirii-found preju- tions, touching the depth of water to be drawn by boats, barges, and diciaJ.	other vejfels, navigated npon the faid rivers, have been found to bo

very prejudicial to the barge-mafiers, and other perfons employed in the faid navigation, and tend to enhance the price of carriage of the goods* wares, and merchandifes navigated thereon: and whereas the white lines before mentioned are frequently worn out or rubbed off by unavoidable Accidents, whereby innocent perfons become liable to the faid penalty, and the depth of water would be better afeertained by pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, to be affixed in different places on each fide of fucb boats, barges, and other vejfels: may it therefore pleafe Regulation* y°ur Majcfty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the under this aft King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice apd con-to be obrerved fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this concerningthe prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, allowed xobt ^at no perfon qr perfons whatfoever (hall, from ana aftei the drawn, palling of this ad, be fubjed or liable toany penalty or forfeiture

merv-

*3

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. ii.

mentioned in the faid aft of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, or any other penalty or forfeiture whatfoever, in refpeft of the depth or warer to be drawn by any boat, barge, or other ▼effel, navigated on the faid rivers, in any diftrift beyond the , flux of the tide, unlefs fuch boat, barge, or otherveflel, (hall draw more than three feet of water, between the firft day of May and the firft day of November in any year, or more than jhree feet ' and eight inches between the firft day of November in any year and the firft day of May in the fucceeding year; or unlefs Rich perfon or perfons (hall wilfully difobey any order which (hall, from time to time, in fcarcity of water, be made by the com-mtfiioners, or any feven or more of them, at any general meeting to be held in purfuance of the faid aft of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for limiting occafionally the draught of water between the firft day of November in any year and the firft , day of May in the fucceeding year, fourteen days notice of fucli order being firft printed in the Reading and Oxford Journals; any thing in the faid two ads of parliament contained, or any order or regulation made by the commifiioners, in purfuance of the faid adts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

II.	Andy for the better afcertaining fetch depths of water to be drawn by boatSy bargety and other vefjeh navigated upon the faid riverSj be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in- In what man. ftead of the white line dfrefted by the faid aft of the eleventh n*r thc d.ePttl year of his prefent Majefty to be had and ufed for the afcer- ^Xl^rtsdsacd. taining thereof, the fame (hall, from and after the paffing of this aft, be afcertained, as well by frames, gauges, or regulators, to be fixed in every diftrift, at fuch places as (hall be diredted by (even or more commiflioners at any general meeting, or by three or more commifiioners at any diftridt meeting, to be held in

Surfuance of the faid adt of the eleventh year of his*prefent tajefty, as by three pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, to be nailed or fattened at proper and convenient diftances on each fide of every boat, barge, or other veflel, navigated on the faid rivers, each of which pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, (hall be and contain eight inches in length, and (hall be placed perpendicularly, fo as for the bottom parts thereof to denote the depth of three feet, and the tops thereof to denote the depth of three feet and eight inches, hereby allowed to be drawn by fuch boats, barges, and other veflels, during the different periods of time hereih-before mentioned: and if any perfon or perfons Penalty for (hall navigate his or their boat, barge, or other veflel, not hav. ing the (aid pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, of the dimen- fc?ribedPin "this lions aforefaid, nailed or faftened thereon, according to the di» aft, the fame reftions hcrein-before mentioned, every fuch perfon and per- fa for nealeft-fons fo offending (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Penalty and forfeiture which he or they would have been fubjeft or lia- unc$»11 We to for nor having the white line on each fide of tuclv boar, barge, or other veflel, if this aft had not been made; to be recovered and levied in the fame manner as the faid penalty or for*-c	feiture

Digitized by

Google

Perfons who have navigated boats, &c. and incurred penalties re> fpe&ing white lines, &c. indemnified from fucb penalties}

except penalties already paid.

Howtherifing of the water to the injury of lands is to be prevented.

Penalty 101. on ncgled of regulations prelcnbcd.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. i x. [1775.

future is, by the faid ad of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, directed to be levied and recovered.

HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforcfaid. That no perfon or perfons who hath or have navigated, or caufed to be navigated, any boat, barge, or pther veflel, drawing more than three Feet of water, or not having the faid white lino on each fide thereof, before the paffing of this ad, fhali be fubjedk or liable to any penalty or forfeiture in refped thereof, under or by virtue of the faid ad! of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, or otherwife howfoever; but that all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall be, and they are hereby indemnified from all and every penalty and penalties, forfeiture and forfeitures, by them, or any of them, incurred, by reafon of fuch draught <k water having exceeded the depth of three feet appointed by the faid ad, or by reafon of his or their not having the faid white line on each fide of fucb boat, barge, or other veflel; except penalties and forfeitures already paid.

IV.	And whereas by the faid ad of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty's reign, the commifftoners are impowered to fix a mark or marks at each lock or weir9 below or above which mark or marks no owner or occupier of any lock or wetr jball knowingly or defignedly let the water fall or rife, Unlefs authorijed fo to do9 in manner direfted by the faid aft: and wbereas9 fence the pafiing of the faid aft9 great damages have been fuftained by the owners and proprietors of lands and grounds, occafioned by tbeovsners and occupiers of the feveral locks9 weirs9 buds, and flood-gates, or their agents and fervants9 neglefting to draw and keep open the fame when the water is rifen to the guago and level fixed and appointed by and under the authority of the faid aft; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforeuid. That when and fo often as the water (hall be raifed to and be level with the high-water marks, which (hall, from rime to time, be fet and appointed by the commiflioners in purfuance of the faid ad of parliament, the tenants or occupiers for the time be* ing of the feveral old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, and flood* gates, in and upon the faid rivers, or either of them, or the perfon or perfons who for the time being (hall be intruded with the opening and (hutting of the fame, lhall thereupon, with all convenient fpeed, open fuch old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, and flood-gates, and keep open the fame, till the water is funk below the high-water marks fo fet and appointed: and in cafe fuch tenant or occupier, or perfon intruded with the opening and (hutting of fuch old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, or flood-gates, (hall negled or refufe to open or keep open the fame, as afore* (aid, and (hall be thereof convided upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one or more of his Maiefty’s jutlices of the peace for either of the counties in which fuch old lock, weir, buck, dam, or flood-gate, (hall happen to be, or before any two of the commiflioners appointed* or to be appointed, in or by virtue of the faid ad of the eleventn year of his prefent Majefty, (fuch commiflioners having firft duly qua* lifted thetnfelves under the fa\d ad,) every fuch perfon and per*

fons

V

Digitized by



1775.] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGH III. C.11, ti.

foas fo negle&ing or refuting, and being thereof convidled, 3# aforefaid, (hal\ forfeit the Turn of ten pounds ; to be levied by diftrefsand faleof the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or of fuch two commiflioners, as aforefaid, and to be applied and difpofed of for the ufe of the faid navigation.

V.	Andy for the preventing any fraud or abufe in fet ting thefcfii Lock owners water marksy ht it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,* diall not a# as That no owner or proprietor, tenant or occupier of any old commiflioners lock, weir, buck, dam, or flood-gate, upon either of the faid ri-

vers, (hall a& as a commitiioner under the faid a&s of pat lia^ ment, or either of them, for the purpofe of fetting or appointing the faid water marks, or any or either of them, under the like penalty or forfeiture which he or they would have been fubjedk or liable to for a&ing under any difqualitication contained"!ti the faid adt of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign ; and to be recovered, levied, and applied; in the fame manner as fuch penalty or forfeiture under the faid laft-mentionfed adt is thereby diredted to be recovered, levied, and applied, and not otherwife.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any Pcrfuns think-perfon or peifons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, ing themfeives by reafon of any penalty or forfeiture being levied in purfuance a3gricvcd

of this adt, he, (he, or they, (hall have, and be intitled to, the	to

fame benefit of appeal to the juftices of peace, aflembled at any fcflions. quarter feflions, as is allowed in and by the faid adt of the e* leventh year of his prefent Majefty, in any cafe where penalties and forfeitures are thereby inflidled.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pubiick aft. That this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pubiick adtj and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecialty pleading the fame.

C,A P. XII.

An aft to enable the commiflioners, adtinr by virtue of an adt, made in the twenty-fevenrh year of the reign of nis majefty King George the Second, for draining and preferving the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Le*vely and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Cropland, to charge further Taxes upon the (aid north level, and the faid adjoining lands.

Preamble, claufe in adt 15 Car. a. recited. Cl a ufe in adt *7 Geo. a. and in adt 11 Geo. 3. recited. Commiflioners appointed by adt of S7 Geo. a. at their general meeting impowered to lay further yearly taxes. Lands excepted. How the fums raifed are to be applied. Commiflioners for the » five diftridts, wjth content of devifees of the duke of Bedford, fir Sampfoi\

Gideon, and Mr. Hunter, &c. impowered to lay a farther tax for one year.

How the faid tax for one year is to be applied. Lands and grounds rated to be taken according to the quantity afeertained by adt oj Geo. s. Tenants to pay taxesj and if they hold the lands at rack rents, may dedudt the fame from their rents. Landlords to allow fuch dedndtions. Cer-. tain lefltes not intitled to dedudt the taxes. If any perfons negledt or refute to pay the taxes, receivers may enter upon their lands, and levy the fame by diftrefs; and if not found on their lands, may diftrain their

goods

Digitized by

Google

i6 Anno dectmo quinto Georgii III. C. T3,14.	[1775I

goods in any other place in Great Britain. Goods diftrained may be (old for payment of taxes. Lands untenanted to remain a fecurity for payment. In cafe certain lands be not fufficiently drained pithin two years* owners, &c. may ered a mill or engine, &c. At what time fuch engine fo ere&ed may not be worked. Commiilioners may flop fuch engine when the water nfes above a certain guage. Limitation of a&ions. General iffue. Double cofts. Saving claufe for the confervators of Bedford Level* Publick ad.

CAP. XIII.

An a ft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of eaft and weft Flegg, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the fourteenth year of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An a61 to amend an ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty ' King George the Second, intituled, An ad for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufadure of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures ; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefiers, and of all perfons employed in t(ie faid feveral manufadures* and for the better payment of their wages.

Preamble. Wf HEREAS by an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the * V V reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad to amend an Ad 14Geo. 3# made in the twentv-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the second, intituled, An aft for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen,fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, andfilk manufactures; andfor preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers andjourneymen hot prefers, ana of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufactures j and for the better payment of their wages;) certain penalties therein mentioned are inflicted on perfons convicted of reeling falfe or fbort yarn, but no provtflon is made for recovery of the faid penalties, or of the cojls and charges attending fuch profecutions, by means whereof the good purpofes intended by the faid aft are rendered intf* feftual; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-aded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemblfed. After ptfling	and by the authority of the fame. That from and after thepaf-

this ad, the	fine of this ad, the feveral pecuniary penalties inflided by the

f^eralperul-	Up0n perfons who (hall be convided of reeling falfe or

byad 14 Geo. ^ort yarn* toget^cr with the cofts and charges attending fuch on perfons * profecutions, fliall (in cafe the fame are not paid according to reeling fhort the order of the juftice or juftices before whom fuch perfon or y*rn> to perfons fhall be fo convided) be levied by diftrefs and fale of the diftrefs ofthe B°°^s and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant or war-offenders rants under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of the juftice or goods* juftices before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be fo convided.

^ a

Digitized by Google

i jt75.5 Ahrid deciriio cjuinto GfeoRGlJ III. C. 1$.	1^

vided, together with the colls and charges of making fuch di-ftrefs and fale; and if no goods and chattels belonging to fuch an<* *frf° offender or offenders Can be found fuffleient to anfwer the faid penalties, together with the colls and charges of fuch diftrefs fpun<i, they *nd fale, then fuch jUllice or jullices fhall and may caufe fuch are to be com* offender ajr offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or dieted for one houfc of corredioo} of the county, nding, divifion, city, liberty, month#

. town, or plice, where fuch offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of one calendar* month, unlefs fach penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of fuch diftrefs and fate, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

II.	Provided nevertbeiefs* and be it further Cnaded, That if If perfons any perfon or perfons fhall think him, her, or themfelves ag-grieved by any thing done in purfuance df this ad, it fhall arid ed^rti^nay* may be lawful fdr fudi perfon or perfons to appeal to the jullices appeal to bf the peace, at the next general or quarter feffions df the peace fe.Tiontj to be holden for the county, riding, city* of place, where the caufe of complaint fhall arife; and the jullices, in their faid general or quarter feffions, are hereby required to hear and determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to make fuch ordef therein, as to them (hall feetti reafonable, and according to the true intent and meaning of this ad * which determination of the the deter* faid jullices in feffions, on every and any fuch appealj (hall be and are hereby declared to be final and coriclulivc.	be'flnah**

CAP. XV,

An aft to amend and render more cfftftual in his Majefly's dominions in America an aft, pajfed in the prefent ftjfion of parliamenty in-tituied, An ad fdr punilhijg mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and for extending the protoifions of the faid aft to bis Maytjly's marine for* ces in America.

WHEREASw and by an aft, made in this prefent fefflon bf pfcajftt,ta. parliament, intituled, An ad for punilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the arihy ind their quarters, feveral regulations are made and enacted for the better government of the army and their obferving ftrift diftipline, and for providing quarters for the army and carriages on matches and other neceffary occafms, and inflating penalties on offenders agaihft the f ime aft9 and for many other good purpofes therein mentioned; but thefamb may not be Efficient for the forces that may be employed in his Mayfly's dominions in America; and Whereas, during the continuance of the faid aft 9 there may be occafton for matching and quartering of regiments and companies of his Majejiy's forces in feveral parts of his Majefly's dominions in America, and whereas the publick boufes and tarrocks in his Majejlys dominions in America may not be fuff dent to jupply quarters for fuch forces: and wbeteas it is expedient and neceffary that carriages and other conveniences upon the march of troops in bis mayfly's dominions in America Jbould be fufpliedflor that pur-pofe9 be it enaded by the king’s mod excellent ihaicfty, by and /Vox. XXXI.	C	with

Digitized by t^ooQle



cers and men in barrack* provided for them |

therein to billet the refid ue in inns, ale-houles, &c j

Anno dectmo quint© Georgii III. c. 15.	[1775.

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Conftables,&c. authority of the fame. That for and during the continuance of to quarteroffi* this a<ft, and no longer, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the conftables, tithingmcn, magiftrates, and other civil officers of villages, towns, townfhips, cities, diftri&s, and other places, within his Majefty’s dominions in America, and in default or abfence, for any one juftice of the peace inhabiting in or near any fuch village, townlhip, city, diftritft, or place, and for no others, and fuch conftables, titbingmen, magiftrates, and other civil officers aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and foldiers in his Majefty’s fervice in tire barracks and if not fuf- provided by the colonies; and if there (hall not be fufficient room ficient room in the faid barracks for. the officers and foldiers, then, and in fuch cafe only, to quarter and billet the refidue of fuch officers and foldiers (for whom there (hall not be room in fuch barracks) in inns, livery ftables, alehoufes, victualling-houfes, and the houfes of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houfes or places thereunto belonging,and all houfes of perfons felling of rum, brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to and if thefe be be drank in houfes ; and in cafe there (hall not be fufficient room alfo infuffici- for the officers and foldiers in fuch barracks, inns, victualling uninha anc* ot^er ptublick alehoufes, that in fuch and no other cafe, and bhed houfc»,~ uPon no other account, it (hall and may be lawful for the go-&c.	vernor and council of each refpective province in his Majefty’s

to be provided dominions in America* to authorife and appoint, and they are by the gover- hereby directed and impowered toauthorifeand appoint, fuch proper perfon or perfons as they (hall think fit, to take, hire, and ihake fit, and in default of the faid governor and council appointing and authorifing fuch perfon or perfons, or in default of fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed neglecting or refufing to do their duty, in that cafe it thall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace, in or near the faid villages, towns, townffiips, cities, diftriOs, and other places, and they are hereby required to take, hire, and make fit for the reception of his Majefty’s forces, fuch and fo many uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other buildings, as (hall be neceflarjr to quarter therein the refidue of fuch officers and foldiers for .whom there (hould not be room in fuch barracks and publick houfes, as aforefaid, and to put and quarter the refidue of fuch officers and foldiers therein.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That there (hall be no more billets at any time ordered than there are effective thereaVeeffec- filters ptefent to be quartered therein : and in order that this tivemen. fervice may be effectually provided for, the commander in chief Commander in America, or other officer, under whofe orders any regiment in chief to gwe'or company (hall march, (hall, from time to time, give, or cavfe the refpeafve° to ^ £*ven» as ear^y notice as conveniently may be, in writing, governor* of Tigned by fuch commander or officer, of their march, fpecifying the marching their numbers and time of marching as near as may be, to the rcfaC(^vc governors of each province through which they are to

march,

*»or, &c. for the purpofe.

No more billet* to be ordered than

Digitized by Google

1775J Anno decimo qulnto Georgii SI. c. 15.	19

march, in order that proper perfons may be appointed and a a- the per-thorifed, in purfuance of this adt, to take up and hire, if it (hall Tons appointed be neceffarv, uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other may P,ov*de buildings, for the reception of fuch foldiers as the barracks and ^a(J,cr*ac’ publick houfes (hall not be fufficient to contain or receive. cor ,ng y’

III.	And whereas doubts have been entertained, whether where the fi-troops can be quartered otherwife than in barracks, in cafe bar- tuacion oi bar* racks have been provided fufficient for the quartering of all the rack* are in* officers and foldiers within any town, townfhip, city, diftridt, or place, within his Majefty's dominions in North America: and fo^b^pio** whereas it may frequently happen, from the fituation of fuch vided. barracks, that if troops (hould be quartered therein, they would not be ftationed where their prefence may be neceffary and required ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, in fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfons hereby authorifed to quarter troops as aforefaid in any of the provinces within his Majefty's dominions in North America, and they .are hereby refpedtively authorifed, impowered, and diredVed, on the requifition of the officer who for the time being has the command of his Majefty’s forces in North America, tb caufe any officers or foldiers in his Majefty's fervice to be quartered and bil-lctted in fuch manner as is by this adt directed where no barracks are provided by the colonies.'

IV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if it Tf foldiers re-ihall happen at any time that any officers or foldiers in his Ma- ma,n *«■ hourf jefty's fefvice (hall remain within any of the faid colonies with- ^p^^vernor out quarters for the fpace of twenty four hours after fuch quar- to order uma-ters fhall have been demanded, it (hall and may be lawful for the habited governor of the province to order and diredt fuch and fo many hooies, &c to uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other buildings, as he ^e^r^ece - f fhall think neceffary to be taken, (making a reafonable allowance tjol'u r ep* for the fame,) and made fit for the reception of fuch officers

and foldiers, and to put and quarter fuch officers and foldiers therein, for fuch time as he (hall think prqper. "

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Military offi. That if any military officer (hall take upon himfelf to quarter

foldiers in any of his Majefty’s dominions in America, otherwife qUaitcr <oU than is limited and allowed by this adt; or (hall ufe or offer any dters, or ufmg menace or compulfion to or upon any juftice of the peace, con- any menace to (table, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer before men- ^c^them* l° tioned, in his Majefty's dominions in America, tending to deter £rj^ thefJl and difeourage any of them from performing any part of the duty, duty hereby required, or appointed; fuch military officer, for to beca(hier-every fuch offence, being thereof convidted before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace living within or near fuch villages, towns, townffiip*, cit es, diftridts, or other places, by the oaths of two or more credible witneffes, (hall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fafio cafhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled td have or hold any military employment in his Majefty's fervice, upon a certificate thereof being tranfmitted to the commander in chief in America; unlefs tha faid convidtion (hall be nnlefstbecon.

Ci	re-	vision	be	re.

Digitized

i by Google

20

verfed upon an appeal.

Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on may com-

Anno decimo quintoGEdRGll III. C.I5* C

reverfcd upon an appeal brought within fix months in the proper court for hearing appeals againfi: convi&ing by juftices ot the peace : and in cafe any perfon (hall find himfelf aggrieved in that fuch conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer* (hall have quartered or billetted in or upon his hoofc a greater number of foldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his

juftices,and be neighbours, and (hall complain thereof to one or more juftice relieved, or juftices of the peace of the village, town, townlhip, city, dP drift, or other place, where fuch foldiers are quartered; fuchr juftice or juftices has or have hereby power to relieve fuch perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the foldiers to be removed and quartered upon fuch other perfon or perfons as they (hall fee caufe; and fuch other perfon or perfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch foldiers accordingly.

No juftice hav- VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no juftice ingany milita- or juftices of the peace, having or executing any military office roncerned°in	commiffion in his Majefty’s regular forces in America,	may,

billetting fol- during the continuance of this aft, direftly or indireftly, aft or be concerned in the quartering, billetting, or appointing any quarters for any foldier or foldiers, according to the difpofition m?de for quartering of any foldier or foldiers by virtue of this aft, (except where there (nail be no other juftice or juftices of the peace,) but that all warrants, afts, matters, or things, executed or appointed by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace for or concerning the fame, (hall be void, any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enafted, That the officers and foldiers fo quartered and billeted as aforefaid, (except fuch as (hall be quartered in the barracks and hired unin-inhabited houfes, or other buildings a$ aforefaid,) (hall be received, and furnrfhed with diet, fmall beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water, by the owners of the inns, livery (tables, alehoufes, viftualling-lioufes, and other houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered*and billeted by this aft, paying and allowing for the fame the feveral rates herein-after mentioned, to be payable out of the (ubfiftence-money, for diet and fmall beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water.

VIII.	Provided always, That in cafe any innholder, or other perfon, on whom any non-commiffion officers or private men

men quartered (hall be quartered, by virtue of this aft, in any of his Majefty’s on them in- dominions in America, (except on a march, or employed in re-fteadof meat. cruiting, and likewife except the recruits by them railed for the fpace of (even days at moft, for fuch non-commiffion officers and foldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed,) (hall be defirous to furnifh fuch non-commiffion officers or foldiers with candles, vinegar, and fait, and with fmall beer, or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, for each man per diem, gratis; and allow to fuch non-commiffion officers or foldiers the ufe of fire, and the ne-ceflary utenfils for dreffing and eating their meat, and (hall give *	notice qf /uefi his defire to the commanding officer, and (hall

furnilh

diers,

except where there (hall be no other ju-’ llice.

officers and foldiers quartered in inns or alehoufes are to be fur-nifhed with provifions at certain rates.

What innholders, See. may allow

L

-Digitized by

Google

1775*1 Annadedmo quinto Geo&gii III. c. 15.	21

furnilh and allow the lame accordingly; then, and in every fuch cafe, the non-commiffion officers and foldiers fo quartered (hall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs tp receive, or thatadually does receive, the pay and fubfiftence of fuch non-comtrtiffion officers and foldiers, (hall pay the fcve-f ral Aims hcrcin-aftcr mentioned, to be payable out of the fub-fiftence-moncy, for diet and fmall bee/, to the non-commiffion officers and (oldiers aforefaid, and not to the innholder or other perfon on whom fuch non-commiffion officers and foldiers are quartered, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And whereas there are Jeveral barracks in fevcralplaces in foldiers”

bis Majejly'sfaid dominions in America, or fome of them, provided quaked in by the colonies, for the lodging and covering of foldiers, in lieu of barracks, or quarters* for the eafeand convenience as well of the inhabitants of and in hired unin. W fuch colonies as of thefoldUrs* it is hereby further enafled, That	^

9jf fuch officers and foldiers lo put and placed in fuch barracks, ftrni(hed with pr jn hired uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other build- at the provin-ipgs. (hall, from time to time, be furnifhed and fupplied there cial capcnce. bythe perfons to be authorifed or appointed for that purpofe by

the governor and council of each refpe&ive province 5 or upon neglc& or refuel.of fuch governor and council in any province, then bv tvyo or more juftices of the peace refiding in or near fuch place, with Are, candles, vinegar, and fait, bedding, uteo-fils for dreffing their victuals, and (mail beer or cyder not ex~ ceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, to each m?n, without paying any thing for the fame.

X.	Andy that thf feverql perfons who Jhall fo take, hire, and fit How the ex-upy as aforefaid* fuch tfninhqbited houfes* outhoufes, barns ^ or other ^d thereby^ buildings* for the reception of the officers and foUierSy and who Jhall arc to btreim-fo furnijb the fame, and alfq the fold barracks* with fire, candles, vi- buried. negar* and fait, bedding, utenftls for dreffing victuals, and fmall beer,

cyder% or rum* as aforefaidy may be reimburfed and paid all fuch charges and expends they Jhall be put to therein* be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That therefpcdVive provinces (hall pay unto fuch perfon or perfons all fuch fum or Aims of money fo by them paid, laid out, or expended, for the taking, hiring, and fitting up fuch uninhabited houfes, outhoufes, barns, or other buildings, and for furniffiing the officers and foldiers therein, and in the barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and fait, bedding, utenfils for dreffing victuals, and fmall beer, cyder, or rum, as aforefaid i and fuch fum or fums are hereby required to be raifed in fuch manner as the publick charges for the provinces refpe<5tively are raifed.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enatfed by the authority a- Penalty on forefaid, That if any officer within his Majefty’s faid dominions taking money ip America (hall take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly fuffer

to be taken, any money of any perfon for excufing the quarter- being qUartcr. ing of officers or foldiers, or any of them, in any houfe allowed ed on. by this a#, every fuch officer Qiall be calhiered, and be incapable of ferving in *ny military employment whatfoever. f	C	2	XII. And

Digitized by

Google

Ur*.

22	Anno	decimd quinto GfcoRdu III. c. 15, f 1775.

Commanding XIL And whereas fome doubts may arift,'whether commanding of* exchan Tm fictrs °f any regiment or company within his Majeftfs jaid dominions in thcir^quar- America may exchange any men quartered in any village, town,

‘—	tewnjhip,	W#, dijlrift, place > in his Majefifs jaid dominions in

Arntrica, «//>£ another man quartered in the fame place, for the benefit of the fervice, be it declared and enabled by the authority a-forefaid. That fuch exchange as above mentioned may be made by fuch commanding officers refpeftively, proWded the number of m£n do not exceed the number at that time billetfed on fuch houfe or houfes; and the conftables, tithingmen, magiftrates, and other chief officers of the villages, towns, townfhips, cities* diiftrifts, or other places where any regiment or company (hall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch men fo exchanged accordingly.

X11L And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, conitabe*, Sic. That if any cdnftabfe, tithingman, magiftrate, or other chief ^u^rtcr^or°biI °®c<r of Pcr^on whatfoever, who by virtue or colour of this aft ^officeuor * (hall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any officers or foldiers within his Majefty’s faid dominions in America, (hall negleft or refufe for the fpace of two hours to quarter or billet fuch officers or foldiers when thereunto required, in fudh manner as is by this aft direfted, provided fufficient rtotiCe be given before the arrival of (bch forces; or (hall receive, demand, contraft, or agree, for any fum or fums of money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on account of excufing, or in order to excufe, any perfon or perfons whatfoever from quartering, or receiving into his, her, or their houfe or houfes and on perfons any fuclv officer or foldier; or in cafe any viftualJer, or any other refuting: to re* perfon within his Majefty’s dominions in America, liable by this aft to have any officer or foldier billettcd or quartered on him or her, (hall refufe to receive or viftual any fuch officer or fol-dier fo quartered or billettcd upon him or her, as aforefaid; or in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refute to furnifh or allow, according to the direftions of this aft, the feveral things here-in-before direfted to be furnilhed or allowed to officers and foldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her, or in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houfes, out houfes, barns, or other buildings, as aforefaid, at the rate hcrein-after mentioned, and (hall be thereof convifted before one of the magiftrates of anyone of the fupreme chief or principal common law courts of the colony where fuch offence (hall be committed, either by his own con-feffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnef-fes, (which oath fuch magiftratc of fuch court is hereby impow-jt any fum not ered toadminifter;) every fuch conftable, tithingman,magiftrate, exceeding 5I. or other chief officer or perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit, for nor left man every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds ftcrling, or any fum or fums of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, as the magiftrate before whom the matter (hall be heard (hall in hrs diferetion think fit; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon offending, by warrant under the hand and fcal of (uch magiftrate before whom fuch offender

(hall

Penalty on

foldiers, after due notice j

or receiving money to excuse quaitcr-

i°g;

ceive the officers and fo’-diers billetted on them, or to turn’lh them with ne-ce(T ries. as this*act direct}

40#.

Digitized by

Google

1775*] Anno decimo quinto Geohgii III. c. iff.	2$

(hall be convicted, to be diretfred to a conftable, or other officer/to be paid into within the village, town, townfhip, city, diftridt, or other place, **)e tr**fury °f where the offender (hall dwell; and (hall dire# the faid fum of-^ere theof-five pounds, or fuch other fum as (hall be ordered to be levied fence it com** t in purfuance of this a<ft, as aforefaid, when levied, to be paid mitted, into the treafury of the province or colony where the offence (hall be committed, to be applied towards the general charges of the faid province or colony.

XIV.	Andy that the quarters both of ojfktrs and foldiers An bis oficer* to Majeftys faid dominions in America may hereafter be duly paid and give notice to * , fatisfiedy be it ena<5led by the authority aforefaid, That from and innkeepers, after the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year one thoufand &c- of fubfift-feven hundred and feventy-five, every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the pay or fubfiftence-	*

money, either for a whole regiment, or particular companies, or otherwile, (hall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular fum, which (hall from time to time be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or fubfiftence, give publick notice thereof to all perfons keeping inns, or other places where officers or foldiers are quartered by virtue of this a&, and (hall alfo appoint the faid innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters at fuch times as they (hall appoint, for the diftribution and payment of the faid pay and fub-fiftence-money to the faid officers or foldiers, which (hall be within four days at fartheft after receipt of thefame, as aforefaid; and the faid innkeepers and others (hall then and there acquaint fuch officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any (hall be) between them and the officers and foldiers fo quartered in their refpedlive houfes; which account the faid officer or officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any part of the faid pay or fubfiftence be diftributed ei- tnd their aether to the officers or foldiers; provided the accounts exceed counts ro be nor for a committion officer of foot, being under the degree of paid off left captain, for fuch officer’s diet and fmall beer, per dienjy one Jam o?!fub-(hilling; and if fuch officer (hall have a horfe or horfes, for fiftence here each horfe or horfes, for their hay and ftraw, per diemy (ixpence; eilablUhed* nor for one foot foldier’s diet and fmall beer, cyder, or rum mixed as *rorefaid, per diemy four-pence: and if any officer or	N

officers, as *ijrefaid, (hall not give notice, as aforefaid, and not immediately, upon producing luch account dated, fatisfy, con-tent, and pay, the fame, upon complaint, and oath made thereof gmDg fuch by any two witnefles, before two o£ his Majefty’s judices for notice, the village, town, townftiip, city, diftridl, or other place, where fuch quarters were, (which oath fuch juftices are hereby autho-rifed and required to adminifter,) the paymafter or paymafters of his Majefty's guards and garrifons, upon certificate of the the account! faid juftices before whom fuch oath was made of the fum due to be difcharg-upon fuch accounts, and the perfons to whom the fame is ow- ed out their ing are hereby required and authorifed to pay and fatisfy the arrcarsof PaY* laid fums out of tne arrears due to the faid officer or officers,

C 4	upon

1

s

Digitized by	1

If no arrears arc due, then out of the fubfiitence-money of the regiment,

and the officers

giye pertifi-Cates for the funp due.

24	Anno dedmo quiato Gbqrgii MI- c. i5. [1775,

upon penalty th?t fuch paymafter or paymafter* (hall forfeit their refpc&ive place or places of paymafter, and be difeharged from holding the faipe for the future: and in cafe there (halt be no arrears due to the faid officer or officers, then the fakl paymafter or paynaafters are hereby ^uthorifed and required tQ c}edu£l the films he or they (hall pay, purfqant tQ the certificates of the faid juftices, out ot the next pay or fubfiftence-money o£ the regiment to which fuch officer or officers (hall belong; and eoratCni^c^ officer or qfficers (hall, for every fuch offence, or for neg-KSJSS: ^mS t0 give notice of the receipt of fuch pay or fubfiftence-’ money, as aforefaid, be deemed apd taken, and is hereby declared, to be ipfofaHo cartiiered.

XV.	And where it Jhall happen that the pqy or fubfijlence-money On nonpay- due to any officer or foldier tqitbin his Mqjejijs Jaid dominions in

America ,Jfrl/fe otcafuno officer of money, the *r foldier, or Juch officer or foldier Jhall neglell to pay the fame, fa officer to make that quarters cannot be or arc not paid as this all dir ells; and where up the ac- qny forces Jhall be upon their march in bis Majcfiys faid dominions counts, and \n America, fo that no fubfiftence can be remitted to them to make payment as this all direUs, or they Jhall negleH to pay. the fame \ ir$ every fuch cafe, it is hereby further enaded, That every fuch officer (hall, before his or their departure opt of his or their quarters, where fuch regiment, troop, or company, (hall remain for pny time whatsoever, make up the accounts with every perfon with whom fuch regiment or corppany (hall have quartered, and fign a certificate thereof, and give the faid certificate, fo by himj figned, to the party to whom iuch money is due, with the name pf fuch regiment or company to which he or they ftiall belong, to the end the faid certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to thq paymafter of his Majefty’s guards and garrifons, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to {he perfon or perfons to whom fuch money (hall \>c due, to the end the famq pnay be applied to fuch regiment or company refpe&ively, under pain as before in this a& directed for non-payment of quarters.

XVI.	And for the better preventing abufes in quartering or billet ting the fddurs in his Majejlys dominions \n America in purfuance pf this ally be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftices of the peape, or other officer, within their refpeclive villages^

and loidiers,in towns, townlhips, cities, diftricls, or other places, in his Maje-Sehrand1!^' %’s *V,(* dominiqns in America9 by warrant of order under his medy abufri or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, at any time or times during the continuance of this a61, to require and command any ponftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other chief officer, who fhall quarter or billet any foldiers in purfuance of this a<ft, to give an account ip waiting unto the faid juftice or juftices, or other officer requiring the fame, of the number of officers and Soldiers who fhall be quartered or billetted by them, and alfo the names of the houfckeepers or perfons upon whom, and thp barracks §nd hired uninhabited houfes, or other buildings, as

aforefaid*

Jottiefs way demand an account of quartering of the officers

tdy 1 14 quartering.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1775-1 Anno dedmo quint© Georgii III. c. 15t	25

gforefaid, in which and where every fuch officer or foldier fliajl t»e quartered or billetted, together with an account of the ftreet pr place where every fuch houfekeeper or perfon dwells, and where every (qch barrack or hired uninhabited houfe or building is or are, and of the figns (if any) which belong to their houfes, to the end that it may appear to the faid juftice or juftices, or other officer, where fuch officers or foldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or thgy may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifh all abufes in the quartering or billetting them.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Jofflce*, in That, for the better and more regular provifion of carriages for purfoance of his Majefty’s forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, ^Jare'toiffao or accoutrements, in his Majelty’s faid dominions in »» ^aers to con. all juftices of the peace within their feveral villages, towns, fable* to pro. townfhips, cities, diftri$s, and plages, being duly required carriage! thereunto by an order from his Majefty, or the general of his forces, or of the general commanding, or the commanding of-fccer there, (hall, as Qften as fuch order is brought and (hewn ' unto one or more of them by the quarter- matter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, or company, fo or. dcred to inarch, iffuy qut tps or their warrants to the conftables, tithingmen, magift rates, or other officers of the villages, towns, fownfhips, cities, diftrids, and other places, from* through, near, pr to which fuch regiment, detachment, or company, (hall bp ordered to march, requiring them to make fuch provifion for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as (hall be mentioned in the faid yvarrant, allowing them reafonable time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden; and in cafe fufficient carriages cannot be provided with- \ jn any fuch village, town, townthip, city, diitrid, or other

{>lace, then the next juftice or juftices of the peace of the village, own, townthip, city, diftrid, or other place, (hall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being brought or (hewn to one or more pf them, by any of the officers as aforebid, ifliie his or their warrants to the conftables, tithingmen, magiftrates, or other ' pfficers of fuch next village, town, townthip, city, diftrid, or other place* for the purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency ; and fuch gonftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other officer, (hall order or appoint fuch perfon or perfons, having Carriages within their refpedive villages, towns, townlhips, cities, diftrids, or other places, as they (hall think proper, to provide and furnilh fnch carriages and men according to the warrant aforefaid ; who are hereby required to provide and fur-niffi the fame accordingly.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the pay or hire for a Rates for car. NewTurk waggon, carrying twelve hundred pounds crofsriages* weight, (hall be feven- pence fterling for each mile, and for every „ other carriage in that and every other colony in his Majefty’s laid dominions in America, in the fame proportion; and at or Itftbr the fame rate or prige for what weight every fuch other ‘	car*

Google

26	Annojccimo	quinto	Georgn III. C. 15.	[1775.

carriage (hall carry; and that the firft day’s pay or hire for every fuch carriage.(hall be paid down by fuch officer to fuch confta-ble, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, who (hall get dr procure fuch carriages for the ufe of the owner or owners thereof; and the pay or hire for every fuch carriage after the tirft day, (hall be paid every day, from day to day, by fuch officer as aforefaid, into the hands of the driver or drivers of fuch Carriages'refpc&ively, until fuch carriages (hall be difeharged from (uch fervice, for the ufe of the owner and owners thereof. Carriages not XIX> Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no obliged to car- fucli waggon, cart, or carriage, impreft by authority of this adV, ry aoove 1a (hall be obliged or liable, by virtue of this act, to carry abovd twelve hundred weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

N t tra el	XX. Provided alfo. That no fuch waggon, cart, or carriage,

above ont	be obliged to travel more than one day’s march, if within

day’s march, that time they (hall arrive at any other place where other car-unlefi other riages may be procured j but in cafe other fufficient carriages carrJ*Scscan’ cannot be procured, then fuch carriages (hall be obliged to con-cured. pr°* rinue in the fervice till they (hall arrive at fuch village, town, townfhip, city, diftridt, or other place, where proper and fufficient carriages for the fervice of the forces may be procured. Penalty on XXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, conftahles,See. That if any conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil negledhngro officer*within his Majefty’s dominions in America, (hall wilfully na«s.CCar* pcgle<£l or refufe to execute fuch warrants of the juftices of the ^ ' peace as (hall be diredted to them for providing carriages, as a-forefaid * or if any perfon or perfons appointed by fuch conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, or other civil officer, to provide or fur-ni(h any carriage and man, (hall refufe or neglect to provide the fame, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall wilfully do any adt or thing whereby the execution of the faid warrants may be delayed, hindered or fruftrated; every fuch conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, civil officer, or other perfon fo offending, .(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty Ihillings (lerling, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, to be paid into the treafury of the province where any fuch offence (hall be committed; to be applied towards the aforefaid contingent charges of the province: and all and every fuch offence and offences, and all and every other offence and offences in this adt mentioned, and not otherwife provided, (hall and may be enquired pf, heard, and fully determined, by two of his majefty’s juftices q{ the peace, dwelling in or near the village, town, townfhip, city, diftridt, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, who have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and file of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

Colony to re- XXII. And, whereas the allowance hereby provided for the payment pay the extra the carriages that may be necejfary in the marching of troops may expences of not be a fufficient compenfation for the fame% and to fatisfy the con-carriages.	Jlables, titbingmen,	magiflrates, and other civil officerj, their charges

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

1775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15.

*1

and expends therein ;for remedy whereof be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the conftables, tithiograen, ma-giftrates, and civil officers procuring fuch carriages, (halt pay a reafonable expence or price for every (Carriage fo procured j and that every fuch conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, civil officer, or other perfon, (hall be repaid what he or they (hall fo expend, together with his or their own charges and expences attending the fame, by the province or colony where the fame (hall arife.

XXIII,	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Where carri-

authority aforefaid. That where it (hall be neceffary to take	**

Waggons or other carriages for long marches, beyond the fettle- provided^for meats, an appraifement (hall be made of the value of fuch horfes long marches and carriages, at the time of the taking them up to be employed beyond the in fuch marches beyond the fettlements, by two indifferent per- fcttlements, fens, one to be cholen by the commanding officer of fuch forces,

and the other by the owner of fuch cattle or carriages, a certi- fairly appraif-ficate of which appraifement (hall be given to tne owner oredj owners of fuch cattle or carriages refpedtively: and in cafe any and if loft or of the cattle or carriages, fo taken up for £uch fervicfc, (hall, in deftroyed, to the execution thereof, be loft or deftroyed $ that then, and in be Pa*f!for every fuch cafe, upon producing the laid certificate, and proper certffiwte,0 vouchers, upon oath, of fuch lofs or deftrudtion, to the payma-fter general of his Majefty’s guards and garrifons, the faid pay-mafter (hall, and he is hereby required to pay to the refpedlive owners of fuch cattle or carriages the fums fpecified in fuch certificates and vouchers to be the value of fuch cattle or carriages fo loft or deftroyed.

XXIV.	And whereas federal foldiers being duly inlifled in his Defertersmay Afajeftfs fcrvice, do often defert Juch fcrvice \ for remedy whereof be apprehena-fceit further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and

may be lawful to and for the conftable, tithingman, magiftrate, 1 or other civil officer, of the village, town, townftiip, city, di-ftrict, or place, within the faid dominions in America, where any perfon who may be reafonably fufpedled to be fuch'deferter (hall be found, to apprehend, or ciufe him to be apprehended 5 and to caufc fuch perfon to be brought before any juftice of the peace, or other chief magiftrate, living in or near fuch village, town, townftiip, city, diftritt, or place, who hath hereby power to examine fuch fufpedted perfon j and if by his confeffion, or and commit-the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or ted $ the knowledge of fuch juftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, it (hall appear or be found that fuch fufpedted perfon is a lifted foldier, and ought to be with the regiment or company to which he belongs, fuch juftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the village, town, townftiip, city, diftridt, county, or place, where he (hall be found, or to the houfe of correftion, or other publick prifon, in fuch village, town, townftiip, city, diftridt, county, or place, where fuch deferter (hall be apprehended, and tranfmit an account thereof to the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces ia the faid dominions in America> or to the commanding pfficer

of

Digitized by

gaoler to receive their fubfiftcnce-money, for maintenance,

but no fee for theirimprifon-manf.

Penalty on perfons harbouring de-ferters j

pr buying (ol-djers arms or cloaths, &c.

Perfons per-fuaoing foldi-ers to defert, fq forfeit 401.

Anno decimo quinto GeoRQII III. 0.1 g<	[ 177$•

of the forces pofted neared to fuch juftice or juftices* or other magiftrate or niagiftrates for the time being* to the end that fpch pyrfon may be proceeded againft according tQ law: aqd the

Saoler or keeper of fuch gaol* houfe of correction* qr prifqn?

lall receive the full fubfiftencc of fuch deferter or deferters, d 14-ring the time that he or they (hall continue in his cuftody* few the maintenance of fuch deferter or deferters* but (hall pot bq . intitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprifonmenlof fuch deferter qr deferters* any law* ufage* or cuftom, to the contrary nptwithftanding.

XXV.	Provided always* That if any perfon (hall harbour, conceal, or aflift* any defertfer from his Majefty’s fervice* within bis Majefty’s faid dominions in America knowing him to be fuch, the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit* for every fuch offence, the fum or five pounds; or if any perfon (hall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwife receive, any arms, cloaths* caps, or other furniture* belonging to the King* from any foldier or deferter, or apy other perfon, upon any account or pretence vyhatfoeVer* within his Majefty’s dominions in America* or caufe the colour of fuch cloaths to be changed; the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit* for every fuch offence* the fum of five pounds ; and upon conviction upon the oath of pne or more credible witnefs.or witneffes, before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, the faid refpeCtive penalties of five pounds, ?pd five pounds, (hall be levied by warrant under the hands of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offenders, one moiety of the faid firft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whofe means fuch deferter (hall be apprehended, and one moiety of the faid la(l-meqtionpd penalty of five pounds to be paid tQ the informer, and iherefjdue of the faid refpetftive penalties tot be paid to the officer to whom any fuch deferter or foldier did belong: and in cafe any fuch offenders, who (hall be convicted as sforefaid of harbouring or affifting any fuch deferter or deferters, or having knowingfy received any arms, cloaths, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the king; or having caufed the colour of fuch cloaths to be changed, contrary to the intent of this a£t, (hall not have fufficient goods and chattels whereon diftrefs may be made to the value of thf penalties recovered againft him for fuch offence, or (hall not pay fuch penalties within four days after fqch conviction; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch juftico of the peace (hall and may, by warrant under bis hand and feal, Commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise for the fpace of three months* or caufe fuch offender to be publickly wbipt* at the diferetioq of fuch juftice.

XXVI.	And whereas evil difpofed perfons frequently endeavour U delude his Majefly s good fubjefls who have engaged themfelves as foldier s in the fervice of his Majefiy and their country, and to prevail with them to defert the fame; for remedy whereof and for the more effectual and exemplary punishment of offenders in tbqt behalf within , a	b(s

f775*1	Ahno decimo ^uirtto GeqJuJii lit. C. i*9

bis Majefty's colonies and plantations in America, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (other than fuch as are or (hall be inlifted as foldi-ers, againft whom fufficient remedy is already provided by law,)

(hall, by words, or other means whatfoever, direCtly or indirectly, perfuade or procure any foldier or foldiers in the fcrvicd of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors* within any of the faid qolonies or plantations, to defert or leave fuch fervice, or (hall go about and endeavour, in manner aforefaid, to perfuade, prevail, or procure, fuch foldier or foldiers to defert or leave fuch fervicC as aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, or any other perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, the fum of forty pounds; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record within the province or place where the offence (hall be committed, wherein no efToin* protection, or wager of law, fhall be allowed ; and if it (hall orfnffcrfix happen that fuch offender, fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall not 7,onths imP"* have goods or chattels, lands or tenements, to the amount or	*

value of the faid fum of forty pounds, to pay and fatisfy the faid the court, penalty, or that from the circumftances or heinoufnete of the crime it fhall be thought proper and convenient, the court before which the faid conviction (hall be* made as aforefaid fhall award the faid offender to prifon, thereto remain for any time not exceeding fix months, without bail or main prize, and alfo to (land in the pillory for the fpace of one hour, in fome market town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market town itfelf where thefaCt was committed.

XXVII.	Provided always. That no fuch aflion fhall be When aaiont brought, or profccution carried on, by virtue of this aCt, unlefs may becom-the lame be commenced within fix months after the offence racnccd* committed.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no commiflionof- Pcn*W *ol if ficer fhall break open any houfe within his Majefty’s dominions open a in America, to fearch for deferters, without warrant from a juftice houfeto rearch of the peace, and io the dav-time; and that every commiflion fordefertera officer who fhall in the night, or without warrant from one or w'th<>ut war-more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, (which faid warrantsrant*

the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to grant,) forcibly enter into, or break open, the dwelling-houfe or outhoufes of any perfon whatfoever, under pretence of fearchingfor deferters, fhall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the fum' of twenty-pounds.

XXIX.	And whereas feveral crimes and offences have been and Perfons not may be committed by feveral perfoni not being foldiers, at feveral forts being foldiers or garrifonS, and feveral other places within his Majcjly's dominions ^offences in America, which are not within the limits or jurfrdiftion of any an°y fort or tivil government there hitherto ejlablijbed, and which crimes and off garrilon, See. • fences are not properly cognizable or triable and punifhable by a court- *

martial, but by the civil magijlrate> by means whereof feveral great

crimes

Google

3©

not within the 'jurifdi&ion of any civil government.

may be apprehended j

and being charged on oath with the offence, may be committed to fafe cuttody till delivered over to the civil magiftrate..

Suits in what courts to be profecuted.

How the troops are to pay m pa(fin<*

terries.

Anno dedmo quinto Georgii IIL c. 15. [1775.

crimes and offences may go unpunifhed, to the great fcamal of government ; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and for fo long afterwards as this ad (hall continue in force, if any per-fon or perfons, not being a foldier or foldiers, do or (hall commit any crime or crimes, or offence or offences, in any of the faid forts, garrifons, or places, within his Majefty’s dominions in America^ which arc not within the limits or jurisdidtion of any civil government hitherto eftablifhed, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend fuch offender or offenders, and to carry him, her, or them, before the commanding officer for the time being of his Majefty’s forces there; and fuch offender being charged upon oath, in writing, before the faid commanding officer, and which oath the faid commanding officer is hereby irhpowered to adminifter, that then, and in every fuch cafe, -the faid commanding officer (hall receive and take into his cuftody, and fafely keep every fuch offender, and (hall convey and deliver, or caufe to be conveyed and delivered, with all convenient fpeed, every fuch offender to the civil ma-giftrate of the next adjoining province, together with the caufe of his or her detainer, to be committed and dealt with by fuch civil magiftrates or magiftrate according to law ; and every fuch civil magiftrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every fuch offender, that he or (he may be dealt with according to law; and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to profecute and try every fuch offender in the court of fuch province or colony where crimes and offences of the like nature are ufually tried, and where the fame would be properly tried, in cafe fuch crime or offence had been committed within thejurif-didtion of fuch court; and fuch crime (hall and may be alledged to be committed within the jurisdidtion of fuch court; and fuch court (hall and may proceed therein to trial, judgement, and execution, in the fame manner as if fuch crime or offence had been really committed within the jurisdidtion of fuch court, any law, ufage, cuftom, matter, or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every bill, plaint, adtion, or fuit, againft any perfon or perfons, for any adt, matter, or thing, to be adted or done in purfuance of this adt, or the faid other in-part recited adt, in any of hisMajefty’s dominions in America, (hall be brought and profecuted in and before fome principal court of record in the colony where fuch matter or thing (hall be done or committed ; and in cafe the fame (hall not be done or committed Within the jurisdidtion of any fuch court, then in the court of the colony next to the place where the fame (hall be done and committed, and in no other court whatfoever.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where any troops or parties upon command have occafton in their march, in any of his Majefty’s dominions in

Ame*

Digitized by

Google

3*

*773-] Anno dcdmo quinto GeorgiiIII. 0.15,

America, to pafs regular ferries* it (hall and may be lawful for the commanding officer either to pafs over witll his party a? paflengers, or to hire the ferry-boat entire to himfelf and. party, debarring others for that time in hjs ppti&p ; and in cafe he (hall chufe to take paffige for himfelf and party as paflengers, lie (hall only pay for himfelf, and for each perfon, officer or iol-dicr, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payahfe by (ingle perfons at any fuch ferry; and in cafe he (hall hire the ferry-boat for himfelf and party, he (hall pay half of the ordinary rate for fuch boat or boats; and in fuch places where there are no regular ferries, but that all paflengers hire boats at the rate they can agree for, officers with or without parties are to agree for boats at the rates that other perfons do in the like cafes.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Pecuniary pe-That all fum and fumsof money mentioned in this a#, and all "aid^aVthc* penalties and forfeitures whatfoever to be incurred or forfeited rare of 48.%d« for any offence, caufe, matter, or thing whatfoever, to be done. Sterling the committed, or omitted to be done, in his Majefty’s colonies and Sp^niih milled dominions in America, contrary to the true intent and meaning

of this a<5f, (hall be, and (hall be paid and forfeited in lawful money of the colony or place where the fame (hall be forfeited or be* come due, at the rate of four (hillings and e»ght~pence ftcrling money for a Spamjh mdled dollar, and not otherwife.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho* Thita&notto rity aforefaid. That nothing in this adl contained, touching the extend to any quartering his Majefty’s forces, and the fupplying them in their Prince, quarters* and the furnilhing carriages on their marches, and on of fuciTpro^ other neceflary occafions, (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- vnee tor pro* tend, to any province, colony, or plantation, during fuch time vidmg quar. as any law of fuch province, colony, or plantation, which (hall *c* ^atl have received the confirmation of his Majefty in council, (hallbe ln orcc‘ be in force for providing quarters for his Majefty’s officers and

foldiera, and for furnilhing them in their quarters, and for providing carriages for them on marches, or on any other neceflary occafion, within fuch province, colony, or plantation.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it eaadted, That when- Civil magi-ever any troops (hall march through, or be ftatione i in, any ftratcs» &c* place in North America, it (hall and may be lawful for the civil fil agree”* magiftrates, feledt-men, or other perfon or perfons, (appointed ment, provide by adt of parliament, or by any law jA fuch province, colotw, quarters; Sea or plantation, as aforefaid, to quarter and make provifion for

troops,) as likewife for the officer commanding the troops (o marching or (Rationed, as aforefaid, by mutual agreement, figned by the refpedtive parties, to provide quarters for the faid troops, in any manner moft conven;ent to them and to the country, any act or thing to the contrary notwithftanding, fo as that no cx-pence be brought on the crown by fuch agreement.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any adtion, bill, plaint, or fuit, (hall be brought or *&<>&*• commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any adl, matter,

or thing, done or adted in purfuance of this adt, that it (hall and

may

Digitized by Google

$1	Ariho	dccimo quilito GeorGii III. C. t6. [i775;

may be lawful to and for all and every perfon or perfons fo fifed General iffue. to	thereto the general iffue, that he or they are not guilty;

and to give the fpecial matter in evidence to the jury who (hail try the caufe; and if the verdiCt therein (hall pafs for the defen* dant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein (hall become nonfuit) or fuffer a difcontinuance, or by any other means judge*

>	ment therein (hall be given for the defendant or defendants there* in; that in every fuch cafe the iuftice or juftices, of other judge of judges of the court in which fuch aCtion (hall be brought, (hall by force and virtue of this ad, allow unto fuch defendant or

Treblecoftt. defendants his or their treble cods; which he or they (hall have fuftained or be put to by reafon of the defence of fuch fuit, for which cods fuch defendant and defendants (hall have the like remedy as in other cafes where cods are by the law given to defendants.

Thi* ad to	XXX VI. And whereas,	during the continuance of this afl> there

extend to ma- may be occafion for the marching and quartering of Jome of his Ma-while o^lhore jefas marint faces in fome parts of his Majejifs dominions in Ame* in America. rica 5 he it therefore further enaCted by the authority aforefaid;

That this ad, and all and fingular the claufes and provifions herein mentioned and contained, as well relating to the quaN . tering and billetting of his Majefty's land forces in his domini* ons in America, and providing them with carriages on their marches, as alfo relating to all and every other provifion, regulation, penalty, punilhment, matter, and thing, herein providedi cnaded, and made, with refped to the faid land forces, (hall be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend, and the fame, and all and every part and parts thereof, and of this aCt, are, in all re* fpeCts, and to all intents and purpofe9 whatfoever, hereby extended to his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore, in any of his Majefty’s dominions in America, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid marine forces had herein been particularly mentioned in conjunction with his Majefty’s other forces.

This *a to be XXXVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-in force from faid, That this aCt, and every thing herein contained, (hall March »+, continue and be in force in all his Majefty’s dominions in Ame-r/Vu, from the twenty-fourth day of March% in the year on* March Hr thoufand (even hundred and feventy-five, until the twenty-

> 777#	fourth day of March, in the year of our lord one thoufand fevert

hundred and feventy-feven.

CAP. XVI.

An aft to enable (ir Nigel Grefley baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grefley ef* quire, hit Ton, to make and maintain a navigable cut or canal from certain coal mines in Apedale to Netfcaftle under Line, in the county of Stafford.

CAP.

I775*] Arino decuno quinto Georgp 111. c. 17.,	33

CAP. XVII.

An at1 to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jujlices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time fty thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations,	borough townSy whofe admiffions have been omitted

to befiamped according to law, <?r, having been (lamped, have been loft or mifiaid; _/ir allowing them time to provide admijfions duly fiamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and foheit'ors.

WHER EAS divers perfons, who> on account of their offices y Preamble. place Sy employments9 or profe]ftons% or any other caufe or oc-cafion^ ought to have taken and fubfiribed the oaths y or the affiurance refpeflivelyy appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubfribtdy in and by an afl made in the firfi year of the reign of his late majefiy King Perron* who George the Firfi, of glorious memory, (intituled, An aft for tbehave omitted further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and *°t*^k* the fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia y^ by a??010 * being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pre- f Geo. t. tended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors;) or to have qualified themfelves according to an afl, made in the thirteenth A ft 13 Car. year of the reign of King Charles the Second\ (intituled, An aft for the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified themfelvet according to another afl% made in the twemy fifth year Aft	Car. 1#

of the reign of King Charles the Second\ (intituled, An aft for preventing the dangers which may happen from popifli recufants, by receiving the facrament. of the Loras fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned ;) orac-tording to another afl, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Aft 10 Car. x. Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for the more effectual pre-ferving the Kind’s perfon and government, by disabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament;) or according to another aft, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George Aft 8 Geo. 1. the Firfty (intituled, An act for granting the people called Quakers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under ;) or according to another a fly made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George Aft 9. Geo. t. the Secondy (intituledy An aft for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for amending fo much of an aft, pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires perfons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter fef-fions; andalfo for enlarging the time limited bylaw for making and fubferibing the declaration aga’.nft tranfubftantiation; ana for allowing a further time for jnrolment of deeds and wills made ,

V.OL. XXXI.	p	by

Digitized by CjOOQle

$4	Anno	decimfl	qurnto GeoRGII Ifl. C. 17.	[1775.

by papifts 5 and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and Aft 1 g Geo. *.	*») or according to another aft, made in the eighteenth year of

the reign of bit late thajefly King George the Second, (intituled. An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft, pafTed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification ofjujlices of the peace-,) or according to another aft, and aft 6 Geo. made in the fixtb year of the reign of hit prefent May efly, (intituled, 3*	,	An aft for altering the oath of abjuration, and the affuranee;

and for amending fo much of an aft, made in the feventh year of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to perfons indifted of high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon;) have, through ignorance of the law, abfence, or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and af-J'urance, and make and fubferibe the declaration required by law, or atherwife to qualify tbemfeives as dforefaid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid aftsrefpeftively, or by any other oft f	of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have in-

curred , or maybe in danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabiR-ties: for quieting the minds of his Majefly'sfubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwije happen by means of fuch emijfions; be it enafted by the King’s mbft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and not qualifying by the authority of the fame. That alt and every perfon or per-befoie the-pai- forts, who, at or before the parting of this aft, hath or (halt tiave ftng of this aft, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and declarations, or to receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, or otherwife to qualify him, her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts, or any of them, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required 5 and who, after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, or under-14 taken any profeflion or thing on account of which fuch qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the parting of this aft, hath or have taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper; according to the ufage of the or before Dec. church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fitth day of *5,1776; December, onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (hall take and fubferibe the faid oaths, declaratibns, and arturanfe refpec-tively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths, declarations, and afliirance, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and at or in fuch place or places, as are appointed in ahd by the faid aft, made in the firftyear of the reign of his faid late majefty King George theTirft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and alfo hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, in fuch ca^es wherein the faid

facrament

a

* Google

1775*1 Anno decimo quinta GfcoRGir III. C. 17.	$5

facrament ought to have been recurved, and hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before tile faicf twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fi*, make and '* fubfcribe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantiation, and alfo hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December> one thoufand feven huhdredfand feventy-fix, make and fubfcribe the fcid declaration, in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been made and fubfcribed, and take and fubfcribe the oath direded by the faid ad made in the eighteenth year of the reign of {us late majefty King George the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken and fubfcribed, in fuch man- # ner as by the faid ad is direded, (hall be, and are hereby indem- indemnified nified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all* penalties, for- ta^r* , or*eA* feitures, incapacities, and difabihties, incurred, or to be incurred, urc * for or by reafon of any negled or oiniflion previous to the palling of this aft, of taking or fubfcribing the faid oaths or aftirrance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubfcribing the faid declarations, or taking or fubfcribing the faid oath, according to the above-mentioned ads, or any ot them, or any other ad or ads; and fuch perfon and perfons is and are, and fhali be, fully and aduallyrecapacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and con* dition as lie, Ihe, or they, were in before fuch negled or omif-fion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to* have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned ads, and every of them: and that all dediorrs of, and ads done, or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been if fuch perfon or perfons refpedively had taken the faid oath or af-furance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and tnade and fubfcribed the faid declarations, amd taken and fub- v feribed the faid oath, according to the diredion of the faid ads, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, • as effedual as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken, the faid oaths and afllirance, and received the facramertt, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fub-feribed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con- t0 ,ndem* tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify J^/foran^pe-•ny perfon againft whom final judgment (hall have been given, nalty incurred in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his by negietting Majcfty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having jo qualify negleded to qualify himfdf within the time limited by law.

III.	And whereas ihe appointments of divers clerks of the peace, town clerks, and oth'er publiik officers, and the admiffions of divers members3 and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or

D2	’the

3®	Anno	clccimo	quinto	Georgii III. (M7;	[1775.

the entries of fuch admiffions in the court books, rolls% or records, of fuch cities, corporations,	borough towns,	which by feveral afts of

parliament are directed and required to bejlampcd, may not have been provided, or the fame not famped, or may have been loft or mijlaid; be Per font pro. it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, for the relief during ap-	of fuch perfons whofe appointments and admiffions, or the en-

imcUdmifr	*r,cs w^°^c ^millions as aforefaid may not have been provid-

beforeDec.*1*! or not duly ftamPed> or where the fame have been loft or 1776;	*	tniflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfons, on or

before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-Gx, to provide, or caufe to be provided, appointments and admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as afore* (aid, duly ftamped; or, in cafe where fuch appointments, ad-miffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly ftamped, to produce fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, to the commiffioners appointed to infpeft and manage the revenues of the ftamp duties, to be duly ftamped; which fuch com<-miffioners are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to duly ftamp, on payment of the duties firft payable, or to have been paid on fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of ad-he con- millions, as aforefaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon ^ and quTi^d^aa Pcr^ons k providing appointments, admiffions, or entries of as clcik, off!- admiffions, as aforefaid, duly ftampe*d, or procuring the fame to* cer, or mem- be duly ftamped, in manner aforefaid, are and (hall be thereby ber of corpo- confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk of the peace, town clerk, roa^o^all or other publick officer, or member or members, officer or officers, offices'into * fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns refpeftively, to which they all intents and purpofes; and (hall and may hold and enjoy, and have been execute fuch offices, or any other office or offices into which he *nd*lh II be or hath or ^avC ^ccn e*e<^ec^» notwithftanding his or their indemnified oniiffion, or the omiffion of any of their predeceflors, in fuch ci-from all pe- ties, corporations, or borough towns, as aforefaid; and (hall be mlties and indemnified and difeharged of and from all incapacities, difabili* damaf<hin" Xlcs* for^turcs» penalties, and damages, by reafon of any fuch foiTof om^ °m*®on 5 an<^ nonc °f his or t^le*r a<^s ^a^ he queftioned or lions. " avoided by reafon of the fame.

N t to t d	Provided	always.	That	this	aft, or anything herein coo-

to°rettore ?er- tamed> (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or ions to any intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, bene-efftce avoided fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by by judgment, judgment of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other perfon, but that fuch office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall, at the paffing of this aft, be legally inti tied to the fame, as if this aft had never been made.

V. And whereas many perfons have omitted to caufe affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be pled in the proper office, of the aftual execution of feveral contra fts in writing entered into by them to ferve as

clerks

Digitized by (^rOOQle

1775-3 Anno deeimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.	37

clerks to attornies or folicitors, within the time in which the fame ought

to have been done, and many infants, and others, thereby incur

certain difabilities; /$r preventing thereof and relieving, fuch perfon s,

be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who, Ptrfona who

at the paffingof this aft, (hall have neelefted or omitted tocaufe (hall caufe af-

any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to be made and tiled,

and who, on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term, one thou- ]vj%haelma»

fand feven hundred and feventy-fivc, (hall caufeoneor more af- term, 1775,

fidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in

fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in

dile time, (hall be, and" is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif-areindemnf-

charged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, ficd* and dif-

and difabilities, in or by any ad oraftsof parliament mentioned j-h^g^d from

and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of fuch negleft ^ Uc*’

or omiffion 5 and every fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be

made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid firft

day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyr

five, (hall be as effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the

fame had been made and filed within the refpeftive times the

fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have

been made and filed.

Vlir, And be it further enabled, That in cafe any aftion, fuit, perfon* pro-bill of indictment, or information, (hall, from and after the fecuted and paffing of this aft, be brought, carried on, or profecuted, againft hereby meant any perfon or perfdns hereby meant or intended to be indemni-fied, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfei- plead ture, penalty, incapacity, or difability whatfoever incurred, pr to neral iffueT be incurred, by any fuch negleft or omiffion, fuch perfon or per-fons may plead the general iflue, and, upon their defence, give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, upon any trial tQ be had thereupon.

CAP. XVIII.

jfn aft to refrain the trade and commerce of the colonies of New Jer-fcy, Penfylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh ifknds in the Weft lnr dies, under certain conditions and limitations.

WHE REAS by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Preamble.

King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encou- Clau'e in aft raging and increafing of (hipping and navigation ; and by Jeveral	r*

fubfequent afts of parliament, which are now in force, it is, amongfl other things, enafted, That for every fbip or veffel which Jhall load any commodities, in thofe afts particularly enumerated, at any Britifh plantation, being the growth, produft, or manufafture thereof, bonds Jhall be given, with one furety, to the value of one thoufand pounds, if the Jbip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, and of the fum if two thoufand pounds, if the /hip be of greater burthen, that the fame commodities Jhall be brought by fuch fhip or veffel to fome other Britifh plantation, or to fome port in Great Britain : and whereas, by feveral other afts of parliament which are now in force, no common aities of the growth, produft, or manufafture, of Europe, (except fait

D 3	for

Google



3$	Anno	deeimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	c. 18. [1775*

for the fjheries, wines of the Madeira s and Azores and Weliem Iflands, and viElual and linen cloth from Ireland, under the rejiric-tiom in Juch alls particularly mentioned,) can be imported info any plantation, colony, territory, or place, belonging to his Majejly, in Afia, Africa, or America, but what fhall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden andJhippeA in Great Britain, and carried dire Elly from thence: and whereas, (luring the continuance of the combinations, and dfirders, which at this time prevail within the colonies of New Jer-fey, Penfylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to the objlruhion of the commerce of theje kingdoms, and other his Afa-jejlys dominions, and in breach and violation of the laws of this realm, it is highly unfit that'the inhabitants of the faid colonies fhouli enjoy the fame privileges of trade, and the fame benefits and advantages to which his Majefiy s faithful and obedient fubjeEls are sntitled; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pref.nt parliament aflembled, and After July 20, by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twentieth *775»	day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fivc, and

during l^e continuance of this atf, no goods, wares, or mer-ed inv and by chandifes, which are particularly enumerated in, and by the faid act 11 Car. *. a<3 made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, or any being tne other a<3, being the growth, produdt, or manufa&ure, of tbc cludT^&c^of colonies of New Jerfty, Penjylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and Newj^riey^c.^^ Carolina, in North America, or any or either of them, are arc to be ’ to be brought to fome other Britijb colony, or to Great Britain ; brought into or any fuch enumerated goods, wares, or merchandife, which fome other fhall at any time or times have been imported or brought into ny/or into f^e colonies, or any or either of them, (hall be (hipped, car-Grcat Britain* tied, conveyed, or tranfported, from any of the faid colonies re-fpc&ively, to any land, ifland, territory, dominion, port, or place whatfoever, other than to Great Britain, or fomc of the Britifh and that no iflands in the IVefi Indies, to be laid on (bore there; and,that no other goodi of other goods, wares, or merchandises whatfoever, of the growth, tufeorti^co PrCK*uct, or manufacture, ofthe colonies herein-before mentioned. Ionics men- Qr which (hall at any time or tiyies have been imported or brought tioned are to into the fame, (hall, from and after the faid twentieth day of July, be trai>iported and during the continuance of this aft, be (hipped, carried, cOn-

to any other veyCH or tranfported, from any of the faid colonies refpetf ively, p» !ce except to *	•	•	•	•	i

Great Britain to any other land, Uland, territory, dominion, port, or place

or Ireland,&c. whatfoever, except to the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland,

qr to fome of the Britijb iflands in the Wefl Indies, to be laid pp

fliorc there> any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-

ftnnefs, with - (landing.

furerics, to be jt. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fr°m anc* a^ter r^e twentieth day of July, before any fliipor tcr’s hetore veflcl fhaM or la^c on board any goods, as aforefaid, in any taking on or either of the colonies before mentioned, fufficient bond, with board any one furety, befldes the matter of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall be given ^r^wth°Ac^ofto colledlor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the f^colonUs. P°r*or PlaCP where fuch goods are intended to be laden or taken

oa

Digitized by L^ooQle

1775-] Auto dectmo qginto Georgii III. c. 18.

39

on board, in the penalty of one thoufand pounds if the (hip bs

of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, and of the fum of two

thoufand pounds if the (hip (hall be of that or any greater bur-

then; with condition, that fuch enumerated goods lhall not be

landed or put on (bore at or upon any other land, ifland, territory,

dominion, port, or place whatfoever, except fome port or place

within the kingdom of Great Britain, or fome of the Britijb iflands

in the Wtfi Indies; and that all other goods, wares, or merchant

difet, fo intended to be laden as aforefaid, (hall not be landed or

put on (hore at or upon any land, illand, territory, dominion,

port, or place whatfoever, other than and except fome port or

place within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Irelands or fome

of the Britijb iflands of the IVeJl Indies; and with further condi- Shipmafterito

tion, to bring a certificate in difcharge thereof, within eighteen deliver ce.tifi-

months from the date of fuch bond, for fuch of the faid goods	of.the	f

as (hall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain or Inland re*	1D*

fpeftively ; and within fix months for fuch of th$ faid goods as 6

(hall be entered for, or landed in, any of the Britijb iflands in

the Wtjl Indes j which refpeftive certificates (hall be undqr the J"h!5h

hands and feals of office of the colleftor and comptroller, or other [he Colleftor

principal officer of the cuftoma,refident at (he port or place where at the port

fuch goods (hall be landed, teftitying the landing thereof; or where landed.

fuch bond or bonds (hall and may be difcharged by proof upon

oath, made by credible perfons, that the faid goods were taken

by enemies, or peri (tied in the Teas.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That where any fuch bond or bonds (hall be given as afore* After bonds faid, in purfuance of this aft, the collector, or other principal £avc officer of the cuftoms, to whom fuch bond or bonds (hall have {j^^certify * been given, (hall delives, under his hand and feal of office, with* the fame, out fee or reward, to the matter of the (hip or veflel taking in fuch goods, for the fecurity of her navigation, a certificate, that fuch bond or'bonds hath or have been given, exprefiing therein the quantity and fpeciesof the goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages, and the port or place for which they wef£

(entered; and if any fuch goods (hall be laden on board aqy fuch Goods Ia<Je& Ihip or veflel, in any of the colonies in this aft before mention- °n b?arclbe." cd, before fuch bond or bonds (hall be given, or (halj be found without cm board any (hip or veflel without the certificate fierejn-before certificate, are fiirefted, that fuch bond or bonds hath or have been given, the to be forfeited goods fo laden, together with the (hip or veflel, with her guns,	(hip,

ammunition, tackle, apparel and furniture, (hall be forfeited 5	'

and if any goods, fo laden as aforefaid, (hall be landed or difcharged at any port or place contrary to the intent and meaning of this aft, over and above the penalty of the bond or bonds the (hipper and owner of fuch goods, and the matter or perfon taking charge of the veflel on board which they were laden, (hall refpeftively forfeit the full value of the goods fo landed or discharged, to be ettimated according to the higheft price or value which fuCh fort of goods bear m the colony where, and at the time when, they were (hipped and laden y which (hip and goods

Digitized by

goods prohi bited to be brought into the colonies,

from Great Britain.

40	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii III. c.18. [1775*

may be feized and profecuted, or the value of fuch goods profe-cuted for, by any admiral, chief commander, orcommiffioned officer, of his Majefty’s fleet or (hips of war, or by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in the manner berein-after directed. IV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore*? After Sept, t, faid. That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand i*1 ^even hundred and feventj^ five, .and during the continuance of cmn snrfni- this a<c^ nQ ^ort wineSf fait> or any goods or commodities whatfoever, (except hprfes, victual, and linen cloth, the produce and manufa<fture of Ireland, imported diredtly from thence,) (hall be imported into any of the faid colonies herein-before re'pec-unlef? without tively mentioned, upon any pretence whatfoever, unlefs fuch fraud (hipped g00ds lhall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and (hipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence, upon forfeiture thereof, and of the (hip or veflel on board which fuch goods (hall be laden 1 and it (hall be lawful for any admiral, chief commander, or commiffioned officer of his Majefty’s fleet or (hips of war, or any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to feize any (hip or veflel arriving at any of the faid colonies before mention* cd, or which (hall be difeovered within two leagues of any (here thereof, having fuch goods on board, and the goods laden thereon, (except as before excepted,) for which the mafter, or other perfon taking charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall not produce a cocket or clearance from the collector, or proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, certifying, that the faid goods were laden on board the faid (hip or veflel in fome port of Great Britain, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That this adt, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit the ex* celery for his Portat*on or carrying out from any of the bolonies before men* Ma^ctty'sfhips tioned, or the importation into the fame, of any goods or comet war or modifies whatfoever, for the victualling or providing any of his fom See. Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or veffels in his Majefty’s lervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or garrifons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Nor to hinder VI. And provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall the lawful im extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or reftrain the law-portation of fuj importation into any or either of the faid colonies herein-be* SritUhWffthe^ore mentioned, from any of theffr/V/jfciflands in the Wtfl Indies, of any fuch goods or commodities, being the growth or produce thereof, as may now by law be imported from thence into the faid colonies, or any or either of them.

VII. And, in order to prevent frauds and abvfits which may be committed contrary to the intention and againfi the provifions of this alt, by the exportation of any goods of the growth, pro dull, or manufacture of the colonies of New Jerfey, renfylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, from any of the ports within the government of the counties of Ncwcaftlc, Kent, and Suflex on Delaware, in North America, it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That during the continuance of this aft, i)o goods or commodities vyhatfoever fhaU

be

This aft not to extend to goods, 8tc. ne

India t (lands into the foki colonies.

No’foods to be fh»pped from N vr-cMle* Kent,

Digitized by L^ooQle

I775-I Annoi decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.	41

be (hipped, to be carried from any port or place within the faid Sic. except to counties of Newcaftie, Kent* and Suffix on Delaware, or either of Great Britain them, to any other land, port, or place whatfoeyer, except to the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to fame of the Britijb that fuc™ C iflands in the fVtft Indies, until the owner or exporter of fuch goods at e the goods (hall have made oath, or being one of the people called produft,&c.of Shakers, (hall have affirmed, before the colle&or or other proper ^ coun-officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where the fame (hallt1C8* be (hipped, (which oith or affirmation fuch colledlor or other officer is hereby authorized to adminifter,) that fuch goods are really and bona fide of the growth, produdf, or manufacture of one or other ot the faid counties; of which fact, the collector and a certifi-or other proper officer of the cuftoms (hall and is herebv requir- cate Kr^ntcd * ed to give a certificate, under his hand, to the mafterof the (hip or veflcl on board which fuch goods are laden, for the fecurity of her navigation; and in failure of producing fuch certificate, f**!“r*» the fuch (hip or veffel, and the goods thereon laden, (hall be forfeit-	^

$d, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted as herein-after di- forfeited, rected.

VIII.	And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this all, that the feveral prohibitions and rejlraints herein-before enabled Jbould be difcontinued and ceafe,fo foon as the trade and commerce of his Maje-fiy's Jubje&s may be carried on without interruption within the faid colonies ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That^encvfr lt whenever it (hall be made appear, to theiatisfaction of his Ma-{he governor0 jefty’s governor or commander in chief, and the majority of the 0f New Jerfey, council of the colonies of New Jerfey, Penfylvania, Maryland, See. that peace Virginia, and Squth Carolina, that peace and obedience to the laws jj f*.r (hall be fo for reftored within the faid colonies, or either of them, J^colon^s, that the trade and commerce of his Majefty’s fubjects may be that trade may carried on without interruption within the fame, and that goods,H>e carried on, wares, and merchandife, have been freely imported into the faid he t0 n^tify colonies, or either of them, from Great Britain, and expofed fale, without any let, hindrance, or moleftatfon, from or by rea- ^ fon of any unlawful combinations to prevent or obftrudt the fame; and that goods, wares, and merchandife, have in like manner been exported from the faid colonies, or either of them refpe&ively, to Great Britain, for and during the term of one calendar month preceding; that then, and in fuch cafe, if (hall and may be lawful for the governor or commander ih chief, with the advice of the council of fuch colonies refpedfively, by procla'ma* jion, under the feal of fuch refpe&ive colony, to notify the fame to the feveral officers of the cuftoms, and all others; and after fuch proclamation, this a<ft, with refpedt to fuch colony, within which fuch proclamation or proclamations have been iftued as aforefaid, (hall be difeontinued and ceafe, (except as herein-after provided ;) and all officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and all other *nd all officers perfons having charge of the execution of this a<5f, having re- °fc11^requir! ceived due notice of fuch proclamation, are hereby directed and c(j topa*y due* required to yield and pay obedience to fuch proclamation, and to obedience proceed iq the difehargeof their refpedfive duties, in admitting thereto.

to

Digitized by

Google i

42	Anno	decimo	qubto Geokgii III. C. i$.	[1775^

to entry, clearing, and difcharging, all (hips and veffels, and all goods, wares, and merchandifes, into and out of fuch refpeftive colony, in like manner as if this aft had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further ena&ed Proclamation and declared by the authority aforefaid, 7'hat fuch proclamation c^ee pro- °r Proclamati°ns (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ctedfngs upon difcharge or fufpend any proceedings upon any feizure which any (Azure (hall haye been made, or any profecution which (hall have beer) made before commenced for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this aft bc-llTuingthereof. fore the iffuing of fuch proclamation or proclamations.

•	X. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-

Perfons giving (aid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall give or grant any falfo catesCor coLn cert^catc> cocket, or clearance, for any of the purpofes required teriei\mg,&c. or directed by this aft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the the fame to fum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapableof ferv-foi teit 500I. ing his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in any office whatfo-ever; and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter? or falfify any certificate, cocket, or clearance, required or directed by this aft, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufe of any falfe certificate, cocket, or clearance, or of any certificate, cocket, or clearance, fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and fuch certificate, cocket, or clearance, (hall be invalid and of no effeft.

How penalties XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That ^cvera^ f°rfei*urcs >nd penalties inflifted by this aft (hall and cured Lid ap may b® profecuted, fued for, and recovered, and be divided, plied.	paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties and forfei-

tures, inflifted by any aft or afts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the B*itijh colonies or plantations in America, are direfted to be profecuted, fued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two feveral ^ftsof parliament, the one paffed ip the foorth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. Ah eft for granting certain duties in the Britilh colonies and plantations in America ; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an aft, pajfed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; fot applying the product of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid aft, towards defraying the expences of defending, protecting, ana fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations; for explaining an aft% made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

•intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafl~ land trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade; and for altering and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from tbit kingdom, and more effeftually preventing the clandefiine conveyance of \	goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and

fecuring the trade between the fome and Great Britain; and the other, paffed in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft fot the more eafy and effeftual recovery of the pe»

naltitS

43

1775*] Anno dedmo quinto Georgii III. c, 19—22,

Baltics and forfeitures infiifled by the aft: of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the Britifh colonies and plantations ire America.	.	*

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons fued That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft *any per-fon,or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft of fujMKcTo^thif parliament, the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit act, may plead may plead the general iffue, and give the faid aft, and the fpe- the general cial rnatter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and *^uc> that the* fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury mall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like reme- and recover dy for the fame, as defendants have in othfcr cafeji by law,	lc coiU*

CAP. XIX.

An aft to enable the commifliontrs for executing the office of treafiirer of his Majefty's exchequer, or the lord high treafurer tor the time being, to compound with the representatives ot Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrae, a debt due	his Ma jetty from William Williams,

deceafed.

CAP. XX.

An aft to amend and render more effectual two afts, palled in the fixth and tenth years of the reign of his prefont Majefty, for making a navi, gable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wiiden F<r»y,in the county of Derby, to the river Merley, at or near Runcorn Gap.

CAP. XXL

Ap aft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the parith of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlefex; and tor building a workboufe in the faid panlh.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for vefling part of the garden of the focieiy ^Lincoln's Inn, in the county fl/'Middiefex, in the accountant general of the court . of chanceryand his fucceffiorsyfor ever, for the purpefe of ere fling thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the regtjfer of the faid court.

WHEREAS by an a fly paffed in the fourteenth war of /^Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An aft for rebuild- Aft rj Geo. 3* ing the office of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery, rcclted* and for ereftine offices for the regifter and accountant general of the faid court, for the better preferving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in mch offices,) it isy omongft . other things enafled, That cut of the funds therein particularly men-tionedy after paying and defraying the charges and etpences attending the paffing and obtaining the faid a fly afum of ten thoufand pounds be applied, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper,

or

Digitized by

Google

44

Anno decimo qulnto Georgii IIJ. c. 22, [1775,

or lords commi([toners for tbe cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for .the time being, Jhall, in his.or their difcretion, deem necejfa-- ry, /w erecting proper and convenient offices for the [aid regifter and accountant general of the [aid court,fepar ate and detached from each other; and in pur chafing fitch ground and boufes as Jhall be necejfary for thofe purpofes; and for preserving tbe ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the fa id court 5 and that tbe ground and boufes to be pur chafed for tbe purpofe of ertfiling thefiaid offices for the faiaregi-Jltr and accountant general be conveyed to a/id vefied in Thomas An-gui(h, efquire, accountant goneral of the fiaid court, and his fucceffors in the [aid office for the time being, for ever, in trufi, to and for the purpojes in the [aid afil mentioned, concerning tbe offices of tbe fail regifier and accountant general, and fot no other ufe or purpofe what-fotver: and whereas the honourable fociety of Lincoln’s Inn are owners of a convenient fpot of ground, part of the ancient garden be-longing to the faid fociety, tybicb will in all refpefils anfwer the purpofes intended by tbe faid recited afil, upon which the fail offices may be (refiled, efficiently detachedfrom any other buildings, and the worfbipful the mafters of the bench of thefaidfociety have agreed to difpofe offo much ground, part of the (fid garden, as Jhall be necejfary for the purpofe of ere filing the faid offices, to be applied to that ufe, (to wit,) All that piece or parcel of ground, fituatt on the eaft fide of the garden next Chancery Lane, abutting fouth on a way intended to be made into the faid inn; eaft, on ground adjoining to Chancery Lane aforefaid, intended to be laid open; north, on groundgredited, or agreed to be grant-ed, to tbefix clerks, whereon an office is intended to be erefilei\ and wefi, on ground alfo belonging to the faid fociety, intended to he laid open : containing in breadth from eaft .to wefix at the fouth end, feventy-feven feet feven ittches of affize, with a break northward of four inches in the centre of the faid fouth end thirty‘four feet in length\ contain-big in length, from north to fouth, on the eaft fide, ninety-feven feet ten inches and three quarters of affize, with a break we/lwdrd of eleven feet fix inches and an half in the [aid eaft fide, commencing at the difiance of twenty-one feet nine inches and an half from the fouth end; and containing in breadth from eafi to weft, at the north end9 fifty-four feet fix inches of affize \ and in length from north to fouth, on the weft fide, ninety'feven feet ten inches and three quarters of affize, with a break eafiward of eleven feet fix inches and an half in the faid wefi fide, commencing at the dtfiance of twenty-one feet nine inches and an halffrom the fouth end\ which piece or parcel of ground is fituated on a parallel with the buildings now carrying on in tbe faid garden, and commences on the north boundary thereof at the diffi tame of forty-two feet nine inches fiouttoward of the centre of the faid buildings; and the faid ground hath been approved by the right honourable the lord high chancellor, as proper for the [cite of the f aid buildings 5 but in as much as the [oil and freehold of the faid garden is vefted in trufiees, upon truji for the [aid fociety, and a good title cannot be made to the faid fpot of ground without the aid of parliament ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent tna-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflem-

bled*

Digitized by L,ooq le

1775*1	Anrio dcdmo quin to Georcii III. C.23—-27.	45

bled1, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch plot or pared a certain plot of the faid garden, belonging to the faid fociety of Lincoln's Inn of Lincoln's be, and the fame is hereby vefted in Thomas Anguifb, efquire, ac-countant general of the faid court of Chancery, to hold to him, ^asCA1neui(h " and his fucceflors in the faid office for the time being, for ever, £fqi &cgfor 9 in truft, to and for the purpofes in the faid recited a6i of the four- building of* teenth year of the reign of his pfefent Majefty, and in this afoe* for the mentioned, concerning the offices of the faia regifler and ac- acecn°^[a^ countant general, and to and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe fi nera * whatfoever; and that the faid offices, when eretfted, be free a^d ?l)c faid from all taxes, rates, and afTeffments whatfoever, fave and ex- ^.^bc cept fuch as the accountant general and regifter, or either of taxes> them, do now pay in refpe<& of their faid offices.

II.	Provided neverthelefa, That the afieffinents to the land Provifo. tax, now paid or payable by the faid offices, or either of them,

be continued 10 be paid within the divifion of the liberty of the rolls, wherein the fame have been hitherto paid.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the charges and expences How the ex-attending the paffing and obtaining this a<5fc be paid and defray- pence* of this ed out of the fame funds, and in like manner, as the charges * . *rc 10 ** and expences attending the paffing and obtaining the faid recited pai

ad of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty are thereby dire&ed.

CAP. XXIII.

An att for building a worlchoufe, and for the brtter relief and employment of the poor within the parilh of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the county ofMiddiefex.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for incorporating certain perfons, for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen within the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXV.

An a& for taking down the common gaol of the county of Hertford, and for building a new gaol in a more commodious hcuatiou.

CAP. XXVI.

An aGt for appointing cororoiflioners for putting in execution an a£t of this feffioD of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Md-jefiy by a land tax, to be raifed tn Great Britain,/ar tbe fer<vtce of the fear one tboufand/even hundred and Je*venty five.

CAP. XXVII. din all for admeafuring waggons avd other carriages ufed in loading coals on board/hips at thefever al ports of this kingdom, in the fame manner as at the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS by an alt of parliament, made in the ftxth and ft- Preamble.

ttenth years of the reign 0f bis late majefly King William the A6t6&7Gul.|. Third, intituled, An a<ft for the better admeafurement of keels and keel boats in the port of Newcaftle, and the members thereunto belonging; and py another aft^ made in the eleventh year of the Aft 11 Geo. u reign of his late majefty King George the Second, keels > and all other recited.

carriages

Digitized by

Google

46	' Anno dcqimo quinto GeoRGII III. C. 27.	[1775.

eat rigges ufed for the carriage of coals in the parts of Newcaftle upon %	Tyne and Sunderland, upon the river Wear, and all other plates

within the counties 0/* Northumberland and Dunham, are to be ad-meafured and marked, as in and by the faidfirft-recited a ft is directed: and whereas the faid admeafurement of keels and other carriages, ufed for the conveyance of coals, in order to be Jhipped from thofe ports, hath been found by experince to tend greatly to the accommodation of trade, and the fecurity of the public revenue; and it is expedient that the carriages ufed in loading coals on board Jhips or veJJ'els in other parts of Great Britain Jbould be alfo admeafured and marked, in order that the coal trade throughout the kingdom may be put upon a more equal footings and the duties payable to his Majefty thereon may be more effectually fecured and collected; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded * and be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and* commons, in this prefetit After July 5, parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That 1775, his Ma- from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred ^fty int^com- an<* kvcnty*five> it Ihall an<i may be lawful for his Majefly* his nnffioners for heirs an<* fucceflors, by his or their commiffion or commiffions admeafuring iffuing out of the court of exchequer in England or Scotland re-and marking fpedlively, to nominate and appoint commiffioners for the ad-a11 keonsb&cti> mca^urlng anc* making all keels* boats,. waggons, barrows, uMforcarry- carts3 and coups, and all other veffels or carriages whatfoever,' ing coals, &c. which now are or hereafter may be ufed in the carriage of coals, as byaa 6&; in order to,be laden on board any (hip or veffel for exportation <^ul* 3« to foreign parts, or to be carried coaftwife from any other port or place of this realip, in the fame manner as fuch commiffioners are appointed in purfuance of the faid firft-recited aft for admeafuring and marking of keels and other carriages ufed for the carriage of coals m the faid ports of Newcajlle and Sunderland *r which commiffioners, fo to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe all keels, boats, waggons, barrows, carts, and coups, and all other veflels and carriages whatfoever, fo ufed as aforefaid, at every other port in this kingdom, to be admeafured, weighed, numbered, and marked, at fuch times and places, and by fuch perfbn and per-fons, as the faid commiffioners (hall refpeftively diraft and appoint for that purpofe, in manner hereafter expreffed; that is to fay. All keels, boats, waggons, barrows, carts, and coups, and all other veffels and carriages whatfoever, ufed as aforefaid in the carriage of fuch coals as are ufually fold by the chalder, (hall be ' meafured with good middling coals, by the bufhel commonly The dimen- called The Coal Bufhel, made round, with a plain and even bot-tom nineteen inches and an half from outfide to outfide, and to nulhei. contain one Winchefter bufhel and one quart of water, according to the (landard for the IVinchefter bufhel, deferibed by an aft of parliament, made in the thirteenth year pf the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, for fettling a duty upon malt. Keels, boats, allowing thirty-fix bu/hels heaped up to one chalder; and all waggons, &c. keels, teats, waggons* barrows, aad all other vefleUand car-to be meafured	c	riages

\

£775-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c.27.	47

fiagcs, ufed as aforeftid in the carriage of fuch coals as are ufiially by the ton lolo by weight, (hall be meafured by the ton, containing twenty containing hundred weight, each hundred weight to contain one hundred *° cwt*&c* and twelve pounds weight avoirdupoife; and every fuch .wag-waggons,

En, cart, coup, or other land carriage, fo ad meafured as afore- carts,keels d, (hall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on the head and each fide thereof; and each and every keel, boat, or other vef-^^nd in what fel or water carriage, fo ufed as aforefaid in the carriage of fuch manner, coals as are ufually fold by weight, (hall be admeafured by a dead weight of lead or iron, allowing twenty hundred weight avoir-dupoife to the ton; afhd every fuch keel, boat, or other veflel or carriage, fo ufed as afbrefaid in the carriage of any coals by water, whether ufually fold by the chalder or by weight, fo admea-Aired at aforefaid, (hall be numbered, marked, and nailed,on each fide of the ftem and ftern and midthip thereof, or in fuch other manner as the faid comntiffioners (hall refpetfively dire#, to denote what quantity of coals each refpedi v e carriage will hold and carry up to the mark fo fet thereon 5 and the feveral and refpetfive His#MaJH!y*s duties due and payable to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon fuch coals, (hall be charged, collected, and paid for to the quanti* the fame, according to the quantity of coals fuch keels, boats, ty fuch keels. Waggons, barrows, carts, coups, or other vefleis or carriages, boats,kc. (halt Stall refpedtively contain up 16 the mark fo fet thereon; any co"r#ln# law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further ensued by the authority aforefaid. That Commiflionen the faid commiflioners appointed in purfuance of this a#, ortofciv<:t*)rec any three of them, (hall give three days notice of the time and place of fuch admeafurement to the owner or owners of fuch keels. See. of keels, boats, waggons, barrows, carts, coups, or other vefleis or the time and carriages; and ifafter fuch notice given, any keel or other car- place ot ad-riage whatfoever (hall be ufed or employed in the carriage or re-	'"ft™ fuch

Irioval of any eoals, in order to be laden on board any fhip or notice, if any ▼effd for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coaftwife kce', See. he in this kingdom, before the fame (hall be meafured, numbered, before marked, and nailed, as aforefeid, every fuch keel, boat, waggon, ^famifro^S barrow, cart, coup, or other vefTel or carriage, together with the forfeited, See. coals which (hall be laden thereon, (hall be forfeited, and the feme (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftotns, and profecuted in the manner herein-after directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That *f any nom-in cafe after the admeafuring, numbering, marking, and nailing, ^removed '* erf any keel, boat, waggon, barrow, cart, coup, or other veflel or &c. afrcr carriage, the number or mark fo fet thereon as aforefaid, or any meafurement pan thereof, (hall be removed or altered, in order to fruftrate°f ke<rI*f wag-the intent and meaning of thi9 a#, fuch keel, boat, waggonv^°J},l,^c^c3r barrow, cart, coup, or other vefTel or carriage, and the coals, if fcjtcd, any (hall be laden thereon, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted as aforefaid; and the owner or owners and the o*n-6f fuch keel, boat, waggon, barrow, cart,* coup, or other veflel «r» or perfons or carriage, and each and every perfon and perfons who (hall any-ways concerned in or privy to the doing thereof, and who 0 cx 1

. (hall

Digitized by v^ooQle

which may he levied by dif-trefs,

or fuch per-fons may be Committed till paymont.

Perfons ap pointed tt> take an ac-

48.	Anno	defcirho	qumto GeoRGII III. ck 2 74	[ 17754

(hall be convicted of fuch offence upon the evidence of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before any one or more juftice oijuftices of the peace for the county* town* or .place* where the offence (hall be committed* (hall refpedivcly forfeit the fum of ten pounds; to be levied upon his, her, or their goods and chattels by diftrefs and fale thereof, by warrant under the band and leal of fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus, if any, to the peffon or perfons diftrained upon; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the owner or owners of fuch keel, boat, waggon, barrow, cart, coup, or other veffel or carriage, and the perfon or perfons fo convided of fuch offence (hall, by like warrant, be committed to the common gaol for the county, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, thereto remain for the fpaceof three months without bail or mainprize, unlefs the faid penalty of ten pounds (hall be paid before the expiration of that time.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, any officer or officers of the cuftoms appointed to examine ^nd take an account

countof^oals (be quantity of any coals, culm, or cinders, which (hall be culm, &c.	’ laden or (hipped on board any (hip or veffel at any port or place

(hipped, &c. whatfoever in this kingdom, to be exported into foreign parts, may enter and or to be carried coaftwife from fuch port or place to any other wh^t^&c.any Port> mcmber, or creek, within the fame port, or to any other *	*	port or place in Great Britian, (hall and may freely enter and re-

main in and upon any ftaith, wharf, or other place, from whence fuch coals, culm, or cinders, are laden, or intended to be (hipped *nd^eryj)€r‘ off and laden, as aforefaid; and every perfon who (hall hinder, officersin their Qbftrud, moleft, or oppofe, any officer or officers of the cuftoms . duty to forfeit in the due execution of his or their duty required and direded *	by this ad, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one

hundred pounds.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the forfeitures and penalties herein-before mentioned (after the deducing the charges of feizing, profecuting, and recovering the fame) ihall be divided, one moiety to hisMajefty,his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of

the officer who the cuftoms as (hall feize or fue for the fame; and the.faid for-fime1UC i0T ^tures anc* penalties (excepting in fuch cafes where other di-ame*	redions are given in this ad) (hall and may be profecuted and

fued for in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpedively.

Collectors of VI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thai tne cuftoms to from and after the faid fifth day of July9 one thoufand feven hun-ofthetime^d^rcc* anc* fevcnty'6ve» (he colledor and cpmptroller, or other place where* principal officer of the cuftoms, at every port or place in this kingdom, where any keels, boats, waggons, barrows, cans, or other veffels or carriages whatfoever, (hall be ipeafured and marked in purfuance of the diredions of this ad, or of any former ad or ads of parliament now in force, (ball regifter, or caufe to be regiftered, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, an account of the time and place when and where the faid keels,

boats.

200I.

Forfeitures* &c. to be divided, one moiety to his Majefty, and the other to

keels, boats, &c are mark ed, &c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1575*1 Anno decimo quinto Georoii III. c. a	45

boats, waggons, barrows, or other veflels or carriages, were meafured, marked, and nailed, with the dimenfions, and the name of the owner Or owners thereof, and the quantity of coats tach keel, boat, waggon, barrow, or other veflel or carriage,

Will refyedtivdy hold and carry up to the mark let thereon; and Pc[^* aP* every perfon appointed or to be appointed to meafure, mark, ^lc«ndmea« and nail, fuch keels, boats, waggons, barrows, or other veflels fure keek, or carnages, or to examine and take an account of the tpiantity boat*, See to of coals laden there from on board any (hip or veflel, (hall take jP^£fth ^ an oath before the collector and comptroller, or other principal fofth* officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where he (hall be fo faithful dif-appointed, for the true and faithful performance and difeharge of chargeof their his duty, according to the diredtions and inftrudtions fuch officer duty*

(hall receive for that purpofe from the refpedtive commiffioners of his Majcfty's cuftoms in Great Britain, which oath the (aid collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cu-ftoms, are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifler.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon a&ion** or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, luch action or fuit (hall be commenced and profecuted in the court of exchequer only in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the court rf feflion or exchequer only in that part of Great Britain called Scotland refpedtively, within the (pace of four calendar months next after the fadt (hall be committed or done: and if fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted in England, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion or /uit may plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial General iffue; matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited or difoontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble coft*. remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law: and if fuch adtion or fuit (hall be How proceed-commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the faid court of feflion or exchequer before whom fuch Scotland, adtion or fuit (hall be brought (hall allow the defendant to plead this adt on his defence, and if the purfuer (hall not inflft on his adtion, or if judgement (hall be given againft the purfuer, the defendant (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any fuch adtion or fuit.

CAP,



Vpt. XXXI.

£

Digitized by v^ooQle

.Anno cfccitno qointb Georgii ill. c. 28.	*£1775#

C A P.’ XXVItL

An aft for alirringy explaining,	amending feveral efts of the

parliament of Scotland, refpefting colliers* ttolrb**rtr*y and falters.

WHEREAS ly the ftatute law of Scotland, as explained fy the judges of the courts of law there, many colliers and coal-bearers and falters are in a Jlate offlavery or bondage, bound to the collieries and fak-works where they workfor lifty transjerrable with ike collieries at{d fait-works, when their original mafters have no further ufe for them: and whereas perfons are difour aged and prevented from learning the art or bujhefs of colliers or coal-bearers, and falters, by their becoming bound to the collieries and fait-works for life, whet;e they JbaJl work for the fpace of one year, by means whereof there are not a fufficient number of colliers, coal-bearers, and falters, in Scotland, for working the quantities of coal and fait necejfarily wanted; and many neiv-difcovered coals remain unwroughty and many are not fufficiently wrought, nor are there a fufficient number of falters for the fait-works, to the great lofs of the owners and difadvantage to the publick: and whereas the emancipating or fitting free the colliers, coal-bearersy and falters in Scotland, who are now in a fate ojffer-vitude, gradually and upon reajonable conditions, and the preventing others from coming into fucb a fate of fervitude, would be the means of incrcafing the number of colliers, coal-bearers, and falters,, to the great bctufit of the publick, without doing any injury to the prefent waferSy and would remove the reproach of allowing fuh a fate of fervitude to exif in q free country; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by thelECmg's * moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent -par-After July i, lament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from -1775, no per- and after the firil day of July, in this prefent year one thoufand fon who (hall ftven hundred and leventy-five, no perfon, who fhall begin to acolHer or wor^ as a confer* coal-bearer, or (alter, or in any other way in a falter in Scot- colliery or fait-work, in Scotland, (hall be bound to fuch colliery or land to be	falt-work,or to the owner thereof, in any way or mannei'different

bound in any from what is permitted by the law of Scotland with regard to fer-otherfervants" Vants anc* labourers; and that they fhall be deemed free, and * fhall enjoy the fame privileges, rights, and immunities, with the reft of his Msyefty’s fubjo&s, any law or ufage in Scotland to the contrary notwithftanding.

Owners of ll. Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for all owners and collieries and lefTees of collieries and fak-works, and for colliers, coal-bearers, fait works,&c- and falters, to take perfons bound by contrail or indenture, as make take ap- apprentices, to learn the art or bufinefs of coal-hewing, coal-*>l n 1 c * bearing, or making fair, for any term of years permitted by the law of Scotland with regard to apprentices in other arts and myllcrics.

ill.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That



Preamble*

Digitized by t^-ooQle

1775J Anno decimo quinto GeoRgii III, c. 28*	51

That all perfons under the age of twenty-one years, upon the Pcrfons cm-faid firft day of July, employed as colliers, coal-bearers, or fait-crs, in Scotland, and bound to any colliery or falt-work, (hall, <jcr [t y'ars~ after feven years fervice from the faid firft day of July, be free fliall be free from their fervice and fervitude, and at liberty to engage them- after feven felvesas fervants or labourers in any other colliery or falt-work, ycar< fervice, or in any other kind of labour whatever.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, All bound That all bound colliers and falters in Scotland, above the age of faitir^above twenty-one years, and under the age of thirty-five years, upon n and under die faid firft day of July, after a fervice of ten years; and all 3^ after afer-eolliers and falters above the age of thirty-five years, but under v,ce°f

the age of forty-five years at the faid firft day of July, after ? |hofe*above fervice of feven years; and after their having refpedively found 35 an(j under and Efficiently inftruded a perfon as an apprentice, if required 45 after /even fo to do by the matter or leflee of the colliery or falt-work, years, to be within one year after the faid firft day of July next, in the art found and^n-or myftery of coal-hewing or making of fait, of the ageofeigh- ftrufted ap-teen years at leaft; when tuch inftrudion fhall be perfeded, mail premises, if be free from any other fervitude or bondage to the colliery or defired. (alt-work to which they were bound.

V.	And be it alfo enaded, That all colliers and falters, BocndcolU-bound to any colliery 01s falt-work in Scotland, above the age of cr,» forty-five years upon the faid firft day of July next, fhall, after frcHfrer three three years, be free and difeharged from any further fervitude or yean, bondage to the colliery or falt-work to which they are bound.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- Collier* and

forefaid. That if any bound collier or falter fhall not Efficiently falter* not inftrodt an apprentice in the art or myftery. of coal-hewing or {trading ap-making of fait, if required by the matter or leflee of the colliery prentices, to or falt-work to which he is bound^ as direded by this ad, fuel) ferve three collier or (alter fhall neverthelefs Be free, after the performance ylfwsi°"g.or of an additional fervice of three years at the colliery or fait-	^and

work to which he is bound.	KSfcftS.

VII.	Provided always. That every collier or falter, claiming Comcrl liberty under the authority of this a d, fhall, prior to his being claiming libcr-freed from his fervjtude or bondage, obtain a decree of the (he- ty to obtain a riff court of the county in which he refides, finding and declaring decree of th* that be is intitled unto his freedom, under the authQrity of this court# sd.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That for In raan* the purpofe of obtaining fuch decree, it ffiall and may be lawful fa|ters#are for the collier or falter claiming his freedom to prefent a petition to fUcout their to the fheriff depute or fubftitute of the county where he refides, freedom. Rating his claim of freedom, and offering to prove the fads

which intitle him to it, and the (heriff depute or fubftitute is hereby aurhorifed and required to order the petition to be ferved upon the owner, leflee, or overfeer, of the colliery or fait-works to which the petitioner is bound, and to order an arifwer to be put in to the petition in ten days after fervice, Rating the objedion or objedions to the freedom claimed, if any fuch are intended

E 2	to

Digitized by Gooole

p

Perfon# guilty of unlawful nbi

titled to their freedom.

Anno dccimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1773*

to be made; and the fherifF (hall thereafter proceed in a fum-mary way in taking the proofs, and all other procedure neeeffa-rv, until a decree lhall be pronounced ; and if the decree of the lneriff (hall be againft the petitioner, finding him not intitled to freedom, it (hall neverthclefs be competent to fuch petitioner* at any period after the expiration of one year, to prefent a fecond petition, dating his claim of liberty of new, and which (hall be proceeded upon in the fame manner as the former; and jf the petitioner fails in obtaining a decree for him on the fecond petition, he may, after the expiration of one year from the date of the fecond decree, prefent a third petition, which (hall likewifc be proceeded upon in the fame manner; and if he fails in obtaining a decree upon his third petition, he may prefent a fourth, and fo on, till he obtains a decree declaring his freedom, one year at lead being expired after a decree upon one petition before it (hall be competent to prefent another.

IX.	Provided always. That in cafe it (hall be proved to the fatisfadion of the faid (heriff, that the perfon fo applying by pe-fubfequent to the pading of this ad, been guilty of two year* after entering into any unlawful combination with the other colliers they would or falters to leave off working, in order to diftrefs or injure the have been in- proprietor or leffee of fuch coal or fait-work, or in order to compel him to increafe the wages or allowances ufually paid for the faid work; or that the perfon fo applying (hall have wilfully deferted the faid works; then, and in that cafe, the per-. fon guilty of fuch offences (hall not be intitled to the benefit of the laid ad until the expiration of two years after the refpedive periods ar which, in terms of this ad, he would have been in-titled to his freedom, if he had not been guilty of fuch offences. Refpondent to X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, any petition That it (hall not be competent for the refpondent or refpon-t0 Pet‘tlon t0 remove the proceedings upon it into ceedings upon the court of feffion in Scotland, by advocation, or to complain it into the of any decree by appeal or fufpenfion, or to fue for redudion of court of any fuch decree; and that every decree upon fuch petition, AU decree# filing and declaring the freedom of the petitioner, (hall be fi-declaring free- nal and conclufive againft* the perfon to whom the petitioner domtobe was bound.

final.	XI.	And	be	it	further	enaded	by	the.authority aforefaid.

When colliers That when colliers or falters obtain their freedom under the taintheir free- authority of this ad, their wives and children in family with dom, all their them, and all others who make part of their family, and arc family to be coal-bearers, or otherwife afliftant to them, (hall likewife be free.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all coal-bearers and other labourers in collieries/or fair-work*, who are hound to any colliery or falt-work in Scotland, anc* not belong to-thp family of any particular collier or falt-years, to ferve er, (ball, if under the age of forty-five years, after feven years lcven \*ars; fervice, from the faid firft day of July, be free from their fervice to ferv°th45> ^crv‘lU(^e> aiu* at liberty to engage themfelves as Servants or years.VC ^ laborers in any other colliery or lalt-work, or in any other

kind

alfo tree,

All coal* bear-ers who are

bound, &c. and undfr45

Digitized by

Google

1775-] ' Anno decimo quinto GfcoRGii III. C.29.	£3

kind of work whatfoever, and if above the age of forty-five years they (hall be free after a fervice of three years.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, All colliers. That from and after the firft day of July, in this prefent year &c.havin$ob-one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, all colliers and the,r falters then free, and all perfons that may thereafter become |JJhle™to*the colliers and falters,'and all colliers and falters bound to %any benefit^ the colliery or fait-work upon the faid firft day of July, from the aft of Scottime of obtaining their freedom under the authority of this aft,,and* f°rPrc-(hall be intitled to the benefit of an aft made in the parliament wrongous im. of Scotland^ in the year one thoufand feven hundred and one, in- prifonment, tituled. Aft for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and againjl un- bcc. . , dmo delays in trials 3 any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notr withftandipg.

CAP. XXIX.

4n aft to repeal two afts, made in the parliament of Scotland, tho twenty-eighth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and thirty-three, intituled, Aft anent the Cla t\ Gregour, and the fifteenth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-three, intituled, Aft tor the judiciary in the highlands, fo far as relates to the Mac Gregours 5 and to revive an aft of the faid parliament of the twenty-fixth day of April, one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one, relative to the people called Mac Gregours.

WHEREAS in the parliament ^Scotland, being the firft prcamble.

parliament of King Charles the Firft, holden at Edinburgh, the twenty-eighth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and thirty- Actof the f three, an aft paffed, intituled, Aft anent the Clan Gregour, rati- f^otlajnd” ° lying and approving all afts of council and of parliament made there- 1633, Car. r. tofore againjl the dan 0/Mac Gregour, and ordaining the clan or recited. people of the name of Gregour or Mac Gregour, and every one of them, at arriving at the age of fixteen, to give fecurity to the privy council of Scotland for their good behaviour and obedience; and that thefaid clan Gregour Jhould take to them fome other fur name; and that upon their failure to appear, it jhould be lawful to any of his Majeflys Heges to take and apprehend them to be preftnted to the privy council, there to be taken order with \ and if it Jhould happen any of the faid. elan Gregour to be hurt, mutilated, orjlain, the party fo doing and tbeir accomplices Jhould no ways be fubjeft or liable to law therefore, nor incur any pain orfkatth in body or goods, and jhould be free of all criminal or civil, and the fame jhould be holden as good fervice dene to bis Majefty; and that for the better extinguifhing and extirpating the fetid dan, no minifter or preacher within the bounds therein mentioned jhould at any time thereafter baptize or chrifien any male child by the name of Gregoor, and that no clerk or notary at any time coming Jhould make or ftfbfcribe any bond or other fecurity under the name of Gregour: and whereas in the firft parliament of KJng Aftoftbepar-Charles the Jecond, holden at Edinburgh, Anno one thoufand fix hamciit ot hundred andftxty-one, an aft faffed* bearing date the twenty-fixth day of April in that year, whereby bis Mojefty, confidering that thofe recited.

*	£	3	who

Digitized by Google

54 , Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C.29*	[1775.

jvbo were formerly defigned by the name of Mac Gregour had, during the trouble^ parried themfelve$ with fuck loyalty and affection to bis Majejly as might juflly wipe off all memory of their former miff carriages, and take off all mark of reproach put upon them for the fame; and his Majejly being defirous to reclaim his (ubjefts from every foil way, and to give all due encouragement to fuch as lived in due obedience and fubmiffion to his > Majejly's authority and laws of the kingdom, therefore his Majejly, with advice and confent of his (fates of parliament, refunded\ cajfed, and annulled the thirtieth aft of the firfi parliament of King Charles the Firfi, intituled, Ad anent the dan Gregour, and declared the fame void and null in all time coming; and that it fljould be thereafter free to all perfons come of the name ' and race of the clan Gregour to keep and make ufe of the Jaid name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, and enjoy all privileges and immunities as other fubjefts, notwithjlanding the faid aft, or any Other afts, or lament of^" an* t^in& herein contained, to the contrary; and whereas in the reign Wand 1693, °f ^William and Queen Mary an aft paffed in the parliament Gul. $c Man*, rf Scotland, the fifteenth of June, one thoufandfix hundred and recited. ninety three* intituled, Ad for the judiciary in the Highlands, whereby their Majtfiies, with the advice ana confent of the efiates of parliament, revived the aft of parliament of one thoufand fix hundred and thirty-three againfl the clan Gregour, notwithjlanding the fame was rejetnded in the year one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-cne, which aft refeiffary their Majefiies did, by this aft, annul and make void; and whereas thofe perfons who were the objefts of the afore-faid afts did generally give obedience to the hw, by affuming other names, and many of the defendants of thofe perfons now bear the names that were by them fo affumed: and whereas the caufis induftive pf the afts for fuppreffing the name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, are now little known, and have long ago ceafed, and thofe afts being incapable of execution ever fince the powers of the privy council of Scotland were abolijhed, many perfons conftdering them to be'ineffeft, and for the mojl part obfolete, do now ufe the name of Mac Gregour: and whereas many perfons of the furname of Mac Gregour have found divers inconveniences arifmg to them from the faid afts of the parliament 0/" Scotland, particularly by being difabled, and apprehending tbemfelves difabled thereby, from fuin^ and defending in their awn true names in courts of law and jujlice in North Britain, and are defirous to re-ajfume the real name of their ancefiors and families but are unwilling fo to do while there is the appearance of a legal prohibition (landing againfl them ; and for as much as they cannot be fully relieved without the authority of parliament, may it therefore pleafe your Majejly, (uton the humble petition of Gregor dteVadrof*" ^rum™°od efquire, for himfelf and many others,) that it may b* the parliament rafted; and be it enadled bv the King’s moft excellent majefty, of Scotland, fey and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and i633&i693,fd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, farft\hhe3i an<^ ky fhe authority of the fame. That from and after the palling Gregour,0are °f	the kid a& °f the parliament of Scotland, of the

by this re- twenty-eighth day of 7une, one thoufand fix hundred and thirty-praled. thr^e? and the laid ad of the parliament of Scotland, of the fifteenth

Digitized by Google

SB

1775.3 Ajwo decimo quinto GeoROU III. C.30.’ teenth day of Jtnu,one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-three, fa far as refpeAs the clan Gregour, or Mac	(hall be and

Rand repealed, refcinded, annulled, and void, to all intents, and purpofes whatsoever.

II.	And it is hereby further enabled, That the faid ad of the The aft of the parliament of Scotland, made the tvrenty-fixth day of April, one parliament of thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one, he and the fame is hereby Ac°^*"j’|g6i revived, and declared to be in full force and vigour in time hereby reviv-* coming.	rd, and in nil

CAP. XXX. ‘	foree‘

An aft for allowing the officer appointed to mark or Jlamp the weights to be made ufe of in weighing the gold andfiver coin of this king--dem, in pursuance of an afl made in the Iqfiftffm of parliament,

- to take certain fees in the 'execution of his office.	.	\

WHEREAS by an afl, made in the fourteenth year of [he

reign of his prefent Majejly > intituled, An a61 for regulating preamble, and afeertaining the weights to be made ufe of in weighing the « G gold and filver coin pf this kingdom, it is eyafled, that eft# dec- felted. C°* pliuUes or copies of the feveral jlandard weights therein meptloped Jhall be delivered to and lodged in the cujfady. of an officer, to fa from time to time appointedfor that purpofe, wpifb a/alary pot wfedwg the yearly fume} two hundred and fifty pounds; and that from and after tfa day therein mentioned, all weights (o fa made ufe of for weighing the faid gold andfilver coin Jhall be afeertained by the faid duplicates or copses i and after having been tried and compared therewith, and found to be jujl and true, Jball, in Ufliwony thereof be marked by the faid officer with a Jlamp or mark, which the faid officer is thereby di-refled to provide; and is alfo required* upon application made to him, ai all ftafonable hours, to Jlamp or mark, in manner therein mention* cd, all weights to fa ufed for weighing the faid gold and flyer coin which Jhould be brought to him for that purpofe, and winch he.fboyld find to be juft and true, according to the faid duplicates qr cpfics of	r

the Jlandard weights of a guinea* and of a jbilling> qnd qf the pares and multiples thereof reffectively, by the find Op dire fled to fa lodged in	.	\

bis euftody, without fee or reward, and without wilful dffay: and whereas the officer appointedfor the purpoje a fere/aid* in purfuance qf the faid afl* hath hitherto duly executed tfa fame, but is unable by. bimfelf to give that difpatch therein wbifh tfa prefent deaftwMifijb* pmalick require; and it would gfeatiy tend to the Jpeedy.cptfying the invention of the faid afl into execution,4 if the fid, officer were, permitted to take a f mall fee for tfa ftampiqg or marki&g tfa faid weights, towards reimburfmg bins toe npceffiqry expenff of pro* curing an extraordinary number of affifiaryy adequate tp tht fiaii demands, which, as the law now ftqnds, he is not allowed t* do\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it map be yoffladi wd be it enabled by tbelQng’srooft^ef^tM^eft^ by *j^with the advice end content pt the lords fpir^al and temporal, and voontmorts* in this prefect parliament afiembjed, and by the tTkeTd!*for authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this.cvery twelve a$9 it ihaii ml my be layjrful tp and fpr Jqb$	the	weightsftamp-

E4	prefentcd*

Digitized by

Google

$6	Anno	decimo	quinto	GeoRGII	III;	c.	3	r. [ 1775,

prcfcnt officer, and every other officer to be from time ifo time appointed for the purpofe aforefaid, in parfuanceof the faid ad, and he and they are hereby refpedively authorifed and impow-cred, to afk, demand, and receive, ot and from all and every perfon and perfons bringing weights to the faid office, to be ftamped or marked in pursuance of the faid ad, any Aim of money not exceeding one penny for every twelve weights fo damped or marked before he delivers the fame j any thing in the faid recited ad contained to the contrary in any-wife not* withftanding.

GAP. XXXI.

An * ft for the encouragement of the fijheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe, and for fecuring the return of the fijhermen,failors, and others employed in the faidfijheries, to the forts thereof at the end of the fijhing fea-fan.

Preamble.	"YTTHE RE A S the fjheries carried on by his Majeftfs July efts

V V of Great Britain and of the Britifh dontihions in Europe have been found to be the heft nurfertes for able and experienced fea-men, always ready to man the royal navy when occafions require; and it is therefore of the highejl national importance to give all due encouragement to the faid fijheries, and to endeavour to feeure the annual return of the fijbermen, failors, and others employed therein, to the ports of Great Britain, and of his Mojefiy's dominions before mentioned, at the end of every fijhing feafon, now, in order to promote tbefe great and important purpofes, and with a view, in the firft place, to induce his Mojefiy's Jubjefts to proceed early from the ports of Great Britain to the banks of Newfoundland, and thereby to profecute the fifhery on the faid banks to the greatefi advantage, may it pleafe your Majefiy that it may be enafted ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent After Jan. t, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

tote’riven'to* ^rom ar^ a^tcr tJlc ^ Jfinuary-> onc thoufan<l fcver> vcffels^fitted° hundred and fevenry-fix, the refpedive bounties herein-after out from mentioned fhall be paid and allowed annually, for eleven years. Great Britain for a certain number of (hips or veffels employed in the Briti/b theNewfound ^^ie.ry on banks of Newfoundland, under the limitations and , land, fiftiery, teftridions herein-after exprefled 5 that is to fay, fuch Veffels fhall appear by their regifter to be Britifh built, and owned by his Majefty’s fubjeds refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man •, and be of the burthen of fifty tons or upwards, and navigated with not lefs than fifteen men each, three-fourths of whom, befides the mafter, fhall be Td »o & M ^ bis Majefty’s fubjeds; and in other refpeds qualified, and fub-Gul*.°s. 11	to the fame rules and reftridions, as are deferibed by an

ad, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the feign of the late King IVittiam the third, (intituled. An aft to encourage the trade to Newfoundlandj) and fhall be fitted and cleared out from fopio

port

Digitized by Google

1775,] Anno declmo qulnto Georoii III. c. 31.

port in Great Britain after the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and after that day in each fucceeding year, and (hall proceed to the banks of Newfoundland ; and having catched a cargo of fi(h upon thofe banks, confifting of not lefs than ten thoufand fifh by tale, (hall land the lame at one of the ports on the fouthern or eaftern fide of the ifland of Newfoundland, between Cape Ray and Cape de Gra$% on or before the fifteenth day of July in each year; and (hall make one more trip at lead to the faid banks, and return with another cargo of fifh catched there to the fame port; in which cafe, the twenty-five veflels firft arriving at the faid ifiand of Newfoundland from the banks thereof, with a cargo of fi(h catch” ed there, confifting of ten thoufand fifh by tale at the Jeaft, and after landing the lame at one of the ports within the limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, (hall proceed again to the faid banks, and return to the faid ifland with another cargo of fifh,

(hall be intitled to forty pounds each ; and one hundred veflels which (hall fo arrive the next in order of time, on or before the faid fifteenth day of July in each year, at the fiiid ifland, with a like cargo, and (hall proceed again to the faid banks, and return from thence in the manner herein-before mentioned, (hall be intitled to twenty pounds each; and one hundred other veflels which (hall ib arrive the next in order of time, on or before the the faid fifteenth day of July in each year, at the faid ifland, with a like cargo, and (hall proceed again to the fiiid banks, and return from thence in the manner herein before mentioned*

(hall be intitled to ten pounds each, upon the mafter or owner Certificates to of fuch velfers producing to the collector of his Majefty’s cu- be produced ftotns at the port in Great Britain from whence fuch veffel was cleared out a certificate, under the hand and feal of the gover- fr0I£ the go!!* nor of Newfoundland, that the mafter of fuch veflcl had produced vernor of6 to him a certificate under the hands of the collector and comp- Newfound-troller of the cuftoms at the port from whence fuch veffel wasland’fiof|*J® cleared out, teftifying that fuch veffel was ddy qualified to pro-	be.

ceed on fuch fifhery, in purfuance of the before-mentioned a A,	9

made in the tenth and eleventh years of King WilRam the third; and that it has been made appear to his fatisfaAion, by a certificate under the hand and feal of the naval officer of the diftridt in Newfoundland where fuch fi(h was landed, or where there is no naval officer, under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majefty’s (hips ftationed there, or of fuch officer as the governor (hall approve, fpecifying the time of fuch veffel’s arrival, in manner before directed, that fuch veffel was intitled by the priority and time of her arrival to one or other of the bounties therein mentioned, as the fall may be; and that the Mailers and mafter and mate of fuch veffel had made oatn before fuch naval 10 or other officer as aforefaid, that the number of fifli taken on ma coat * the firft trip amounted to ten thoufand at leaft by tale, that he had made two trips at leaft, and that all the fifh on both trips * were catched on the banks of Newfoundland; which certificate Certificates $nd oath tbc (aid governor and naval or other officer as aforefaid j^d °a‘^t0

are g

Digitized by v^ooQle

58	Anno	riecimo	quinto	GeoROII	HI.	C.	31; [1775.

and adminif- ate hereby impowered and required to grant and adminiftcr to tered without tj,e matter and mate of fuch vefiel without fee or reward; and *e|	upon delivering up the (aid certificate to fuch colietSor the re-

cuftonn topay *P*&*VC bounties therein/mentioned (hall be paid by fuch ccri-tht bounties/ out of any money remaining in his hands ariftngby the duties of cuftoms or other fuhfidies upon foreign goods imported into this kingdom; and in cafe fuch collector (hall not have Efficient money in his rfands to pay the fa id bounties, he (hall certify the fame to the commiftioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland refpc&ivtly, who are hereby autho-rifed and required to order the fame to bt paid by the receiver general of the cuftoms, out of any money in his hands arlfing by any of the duties and revenues under their management re-fpedtively.

Any part cf II» And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That Newfound- for the better accommodation of the perfons belonging to veftels land not in ufe employed in the Newfoundland fi(hcryf it (hall and may be lawful curin'^and ^or	mt^crs and crews belonging to any veffejs fitted out and

drying fiuL*” employed in that fifhery in puriuance of this or any other ad, to occupy and ufe, for the purpofe of curing, felting, drying, and huibanding their fi(h, any vacant or void (pace whatever on any part of Newfoundland which is not then occupied and ufed for the faid filhery, without any let, difturbance, or hindershce, from any perfen or perfons whatfoever, although fuch unoccupied places may not before have bden reputed (hips rooms; and all fuch unoccupied places (hall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be (hips rooms, any cuftom or ufage to the contrary natwhhfisnding.

III.	And in order to induce his Majtjly's fubje&s in Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands of Guemley, Jerfey, and Man, to carry on the whale fifhery on the toajis (/Newfoundland, and tbefeas ad-jacenty be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefeid, That the feveral bounties hereafter mentioned (hall be allowed annually, for eleven years, for five vcflels employed in that fishery, under the limitations and reftri&ioos berein-after exprefled; that is to 'lay, fuch vefiels (hall appear by their regifier to be Britifb built, and owned by his Majefty’s fubje&s redding in Great Britain, Ireland\ or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, and navigated with three-fourths of his Majefty’s fubjeds of Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Mm., befides the mafter, and (hall be fitted and cleared out from feme port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jorfey% or Many after the firft day of Januaryy one thoufend feven hundred and fevehty-lix, and after that day in each Succeeding year, and (hall take and kill one whale at kaft in the Gulfb of Saint Lawn neey or on the coafts of Labradory Newfoundland, or in any Teas to the fouthward of the Greenland Teas and Davis9$ Streightsy and fhall return within the feme year to feme port m England matters and with the oil of fuch whale or whales fo taken as aforefeid ; and mater making on the mafter and mate of fuch vefiel, and two of the mariners oath, 6tc. belonging to her, making oath before the follegtor and comp-i	qroller

What bounties are to be given to (hips fitted out for the whale fifhery.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1775*] Anno decimo quinto GeorGII III. c. 31.	59

troller of the cuftomsatthe port of her arrival (which oath they are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter,) that fuch oil is the produce of one or more whale or whales taken and killed by the crew then belonging to fuch Vefiel, mentioning the time when (he departed from Great Britain, Inland, or the iflands of Guernjeyy Jtrfey, or Man, and from what port, and the time and place where fuch whale or whales was or were taken and killed, fuch oil may be landed without payment of any duty whatfoever; and the colle&or and comptroller of fuch port (hall thereupon forthwith tranfmit fuch oath to the commifliontrs of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, any four or more of whom ire hereby authorifed and required to order the receiver general of his Majefty’s cuftoms to pay, out of any money in hie hands drifing by any duties under their management* for the reftel which (hall fo arrive in each year with the greeted quantity of oil taken as aforefaid, five hundred pounds ; for the veflel which (hall in like manner arrive in the fame year with the next great-eft quantity of oft fo taken as aforefaid, four hundred pounds \ for the veflel which (hall in like manner arrive in the fame year with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid* three hundred pounds; for the veflel which (hall in like manner arrive in the fame year with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid* two hundred pounds; end for the veflel yvhich (hall fo arrive in the fame year with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid, one hundred pounds; the iaid oil fo to be imported by each Of the faid veflels being the

firoduce of one whale at the leaft 5 which faid feveral and re- Receiver ge-pe&ive bounties (hall be paid by fuch receiver general, within Maiefty’s cuf-two months after the expiration of each year in which fuch tomstopay veflel dull arrive, to the owner or owners of fuch veflels fo in- the bounties* titled thereto, or their affigns duly authorifed to demand the fame.	*

IV.	And in order to obviate any doubts that have art fen, or may What perjbns arjfey to whom the privilege or right of drying fijb on the/bores of JjJ JJJjJjKj0 Newfoundland does or /ball belong, under the before mentioned afiy Qf drying mh made in the tenth and eleventh year of the reign of King William the on the banks Third, which right or privilege has hitherto enly been enjoyed by his Newfound-Majefly's fubjefts of Great Britain, and the other Britifn dominions land* in Europe; be it ena<fted and declared by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid right and privilege (hall not be held and enjoyed by any of his Majefty's fubiedts arriving at Newfoundland from any other country except from Great Britain, or one of the Britifb dominions in Europe.	;

V.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Provifions,&nd faid. That it (hall ana may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s all neceflarie* fubjefts refiding in Ireland to (hip and lade there* and to tranf- forfiftiing.may port diredlly from thenge to Newfoundland, or to any part of America where the fifhery is now or (hall hereafter be carried And the Me of on, on board any (hip or‘veflel which may lawfully trade or Man, to Near-(5(h there* any provifions, and alfo any hooks, lines, netting, foimdUnd, or ot^er tools pir implements ncccfiary for and ufed in the fifh*- 0rprocry

Digitized by

Google

6o	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	C.	3T. [1775,

or manu- cry by the crews of the (hips or veflels carrying out the lame, "tture" • and the craft belonging to and employed by fuch (hips or veflels in the faid filhery, fuch provifions, hooks, lines, netting, or other tools or implements, being the product and manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s fubieCts, redding in the IJle of Man., ia like manner to export diredly from thence any of the articles herein-before mentioned for the purpofe afore&id, fuch articles being the product or manufacture of Great Britain, or the faid IJle if Man, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-withftanding.

Mailers of	VI. provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the

veflels to pro- authority aforefaid. That the matter or other perfon taking cate* from the c^arSe fuch (hip or veflel Qiall produce to the proper officer officer of cu- ,°f the cultoms in the colony or plantation where he (hall arrive ftoms, that tbe a certificate, under the hand and feal of the collector or other provifions, &c. principal officer of the cuftoms in the port where he (hall have d^a?&cProf	out>	that	°*th	hath been made before him by the (hipper

Great Britain Arch provifions, hooks, lines, netting, or other tools and or Ireland, implements, that the fame are of the product and manufacture of Great Britain or Irelandor tbe IJle of Man refpeCtively, as the faCt may be, and that the feveral articles before mentioned, (except the provifions,) fpecifying the quantities and particulars of each fort, are to be fifed in the filhery by the crews of the refpeCtive (hip or veflel carrying out the fame, and by the craft belonging to and to be employed by fuch (hip or veflel in the faid filhery, and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever, (which oath and certificate fuch collector or other officer is hereby au-thorifed and required to adminifter and grant without fee or On failure, tee.reward;) and on failure of producing fuch certificate, or if any the lhiptobe fuch hooks, lines, netting, tools ana implements, are ufed of difpofed of for any other purpofe, the fame, and the (hip or vcf-fel having the fame on board, (hall be liable to be feiped and forfeited in the fame manner as they would have been fubjeCt and liable if this aCt had not been made, any thing herein con-, tained to the contrary nbtwithftanding.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of 'January, one thouland craftcarry.ng feven hundred and feventy-fix, all veflels fitted and cleared out thefifltara, to as fifhing (hips in purfuance of this act, or of the before-menr be liable to any tioned ad, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of reftraint as to the late King IVilliam the third, and which (hall be actually time of work- employed in the filhery there, or any boat or craft whatfoever employed in carrying coaltwife, to be landed or put on boar<| any (hips or veflels, any fi(h, oil, fait provifions, or other oecef-faries, for the ufe and purpofe of that filhery, (hall not be liable to any reftraint or regulati'on with refpeCt tp days or hours of working, nor to make any entry at the cuftomhoufe at Newfoundland, except a report to be made by the matter on his firft arrival there, and at his clearing out from thence 5 and that a fee not exceeding two fhilliogs and fixpence (hall and may be

forfeited.

No (idling (hips, or any

mg,

nor to make any entry at the cuftom* bOufe, &c.

Digitized by

Google

1775-1 Anno dtcimo quirtto Gfionoti HI. c.jr.	6*

taken by the officers of the cuftoms at Newfoundland for each fuch report; and that no other fee (hall be taken or demanded by any officer of the cuftoms there, upon any other pretence whatfoever relative to the faid filhery, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

♦ VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe any^'P* |}ave fiich fifhing (hip or veflel (hall at her laft clearing out from laid ifland of Newfoundland have on board, or export any goods than fifh ot-or merchandise whatfoever, except fi(h, or oil made offifh, fuch oil, &c. they (hip or veflel, and the goods thereon laden, (hall be fibjed and u.ndtr liable to the lame fecurities, reftri&ions, and regulations, in all ftri&oiM, &c. refpeds, as they would have been fubjed and liable to if this * ad had not been made, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. •

IX.	Ana whereas by an a£l, made in the twenty-fifth year of tbe™~ *.*c"; *• reign of King Charles the Second, ( intituleAn ad for the en- 0ii°&".gt01* couragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for theimported better fecuring the plantation trade,) by other ails of parlia- duty-free, ro-ment, it is lawful for any perfon or perfons to import into England cited»

train oil or blubber of Greenland, and parts adjacent, and thoje or ^Newfoundland, or of any other his	colonies	and

tations,made of	fifl>, or of any other creature living in the and.

whale fins caught in any /hips or vejfels truly and	belonging	to

England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, and imported in fuch	Jhips, without paying any cuftom or duty for the , which

liberty, by a fubfequent all of	parliament, is extended belonging

to Great Britain} and it is reafonable that the fane indulgence/botud be extended to oil and blubber of fi/h, and other endures living in the fea, and to whale fins caught in any part of the ocem by /hips belonging to Great Britain, Ireland, and the	c/Guemfey, Jerfey,

and Man; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid,tn(jtfterg<pt> That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand lt ,77J. ex_ feven hundred and feventy-five, the liberty granted by the faid tended to all ad to import into this kingdom oil or blubber of fi(h, or other jWpsbdong-creatures living in the fea, or whale fins taken within the li-^^?nG£^ mils therein mentioned, duty-free, (hall extend, and beconftrued|a„d, Gucnw to extend, to fuch oil or blubber, or whale fins, as (hall he fofey, tee. taken in any part of the ocean by, and imported in any (hip or veflel truly and properly belonging to, his Majefty’s fubjeds of Great Britain, Irelandor the iflands of Guernfej, Jerfey, or Man, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-^Sreff*

faid. That from and after the firft day of	,	one thou- edfeal flrina

(and feven hundred and feventy-five, it (hall md may be lawful may be im-for any perfon or perfons to import into this kingdom any raw ported duty* and undrefled feal (kins taken and caught by the crews of veflels"^* belonging to and fitted Out either from Great Britain, Ireland, or

the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Manrefpeftively, and whereof the captain or mafter and three-fourths at tie lead of the mariners are his Majefty’s fubjeds, or by perfais employed by the mafters or owners of (ueb vefiels, withou. paying any cuftom,

fob?

Digitized by

Goode

(aid.

and duty entered at the

cuftQmhpufef

4c.

it	Anno	decimo	quinto	Geo&gii	III.	c. 31. [1775.

fabfidy, or other duty for the fame, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to extend XI. Provided always. That nothing in this a& (hall attend, to any feal prbe conftrued to extend, to give liberty of importing any fuch Shofeimpc?ted ^ ^ns duty-free, unlefs the captain or peribn having the by (hips quail charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel importing the fame tied asrafore- (hall make oath before the collector or other principal officer of the cuftons at the port of importation, fwho is hereby autho* rifed and required to adminifter fudvoath,) that all the (kins im* ported in fuch (hip or veffel were really and bona fide the (kins of feels taken and caught by the crews thereof, or by perfons cm* ployed by the mafia* or owner of foch (hip or veffel, or of ibme other (hip or veffel qualified as afore&id; and fuch feal (kins (halt be alfo duly entered at the cufiomhoufe for the (aid port, and landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms appointed for that purpofe; and on failure of any of thde conditions, fuch (kins (hall be liable to pay the fame duties at they would have been fubject and liable to if this adt had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withftaoding.

XII. And whereas it has been a practice of late years for divers perfons to /educe the fijhermen, failors, artificers, and others, employed in carrying on the fifhery, arriving at Newfoundland, on board fijh-ing and ether vrjfels from Great Britain, and the Britifh dominions in Europe, to go from thence to the continentsf America, to the great detriment of the fijhery and the naval force of this kingdom : now, in order to remedy the faid evil, and to fccarc the return of the faid fifherrocn, Tailors, artificers, and others, employed as aforefeid, to the Britifh dominions in Europe, he it further ena&-No (hipmaftcr ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft to carry any day of January, dae tboufand feven hundred and feveoty-fix, it fifcermt^&e. (hall not be lawful for the matter, or peribn having the charge To juy pmof command of aky (hip or vcflel trading to or from any place the continent^within the government of Newfoundland, to carry or convey, as of America. paffengeivaay fuch fifherraen, failors, artificers; and others, em-'"uk"1*1 ^ ployed, as aforefaid, from thenee to any part of the continent of undeMbe p«- dmeyca, without the permiffion under the hand and feal of the jialty of aoo 1. governor of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, under the penalty of forfeiting two hundred pounds for every fuch offence.

* XIII. And whereas in feveral efts, pajfed in the eleventh and twelfth years of A^Uliatn the Third, the eighth of George the Firft, and the fecend ani twelfth of George the Second, provifton has been made to prevent fiamen and mariners in the merchant fervue being wilfully left beyotiL fea, and to fecure and provide for their return home to jucb part if his Majeftfs dominions whereto they belong; and whereas, for wait of fuch provifions being extended to feamen and fijhermen going act as pajfeogers to Newfoundland, and hired and employed in the filkries carried on there, great numbers of them remain in that country at the end of every fifhing feafon, who would etberwife return home, and fome of them have frequently turned rob-bers and pirates; for Emedy of which evil, be it ena&ed fay the

au-

Digitized by

Google

1775*] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGH III. c.	63

authority aforefaid, That no peribn or perfona whatibever flull, Regulation! r from and after the firft day of January, one tboufand feven hua- for Pcrfons , dred sndTeveoty-fix, employ, or caufe to be employed, at Ntuu- orfi^crJ fmndknd, for the purpole of carrying on the fimery there, any mCn at New. faman or fi/hermau going as pa/fcngcrs, or any feaman or filh- foundland. ennaa hired there, without firft entering into an agreement or coatrad in writing with every fuch feaman or filherman, declaring what wages inch feaman or fi/herman is to have, and the time for which he (hall ferve, which (hall he figned by both parties; wherein it Stall be ttipulated (amongflt other things) that the peribn fo hiring or employing (hall be at liberty io ne-ferve, retain, and deduct, and he is hereby authorifcd, retired, and directed, to referve, retain, and deduct, out of the wages of every perlpn £0 hired or employed,^ fum of money equal to the then current price of a man’s pafiage home, not exceeding forty (hillings for each mao,which money fuch hirer or employer ftuli, at the end of each filhing feafon, or at the expiration of the covenanted time of fcrvice of fuch lea man or fiftierman, pay, or caufe to be paid, to the mailer of a padage or other ftup, who (hall undertake or agree to carry fuch feaman or filherman home to the country whereto be belongs, and /hall aHo convey fuch Icaman or fiftierman td and on board fuch pa/Tage or other /hip.

_ Employrri to

That no hirer or employer of any fuch fcaman or filherman pay to filher-<haQ pay or advance, 'or caufc to be paid or advanced, feaman or filherman, an money, liquor, and goods, or either of wages, and the them, during the time he /hall be in his fcrvice. more than one other half in half of the wages which /hall at any time be due to him; but billy, &c. at fuch hirer or employer (hall, and is hereby required and diced- thh0cIJ[eretura ed, immediately at or upon the expiration of every fuch man's nome# covenanted time of fcrvice, to pay either in money, or in good hills of exchange, payable either in Gnat Brijaia or be-Jbi, or in the country to which fuch feaman or fi/herman belongs, the full balance of his wages, except the money hereinbefore directed to be retained Cor his paflage home; and it fhall not be lawful for any fuch hirer dr employer to turn aWay or difcharge any fuch feaman or filherman, except for wilful negiedl of duty, or other fufficientcaufe, before the expiration of his covenanted time of fcrvice ; and in cafc the hirer or employer of Penalty on any fiich feaman or filherman (hall refufe or negiedl to comply employers *#-withany of the terms herein-before mentioned, or (hall other- £,f^'nS to wife offend againft thisadl, every fuch perfon fo offending (lull comp ** forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, befides the balance that (ball be due to fiich fcaman or filherman, the money herein-before diredled to be retained for his paflage home, the fum of ten pounds, to the ufe of fuch peifon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefakl,If any difp*te That in all cafes where difputes (hall arifc concerning the wages

taxing the matters receipt tor tne paiiage money, wtuco receipt be Oiallimme^iaiely thenenpoa deliver to fuch fcaman or fi (hermaa. XIV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo quinto GEoftbll lit. C-3*-	t*77^*

of any fuch feaman or fiftermari; thfe hifefor employer (hall bfc obliged to produce the contract or agreement in writing, hereinbefore directed to be entered into with every fuch feaman efr fhhertnan.

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority afbrdaid. That all the fi(h and oil which (hall be taken and made by the

oil liable to the perfon dr perfons who (hall hire or employ fuch feaman orfilh-ot erman (hall be fubjedl and liable, in the nrft place, td the pay-ment of the wages of every fuch feaman or fi(hcrmart.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afofefaid.

Penalty on That in cafe any fuch feaman or fi(herman (hall at any time (eamen or filh- wilfully abfent himfelf from his duty or employ, without the ^rmCh	leave and confent of his hirer or employer, or (hall wilfully ne-

Jromtbdr em- or rc^u^c t0 wor^ according to the true .intent and mean-ployers with- in£ fach contradl or agreement, he (hall, for every day he (hall out leave.	fo abfent himfelf, or negledt or refufe to work as aforefaid, forfeit

two days pay to fuch hirer or employer; and if any fuch feaman or (ifherman (hall wilfully abfent himfelf from his faid duty or employ for the fpace of nve days, without fuch leave as aforefaid, he (hall be deemed a deferter, and (hall forfeit to fuch hirar or employer all fuch wages as (hall at the time of fuch defertion be due to him, (except fo much as is herein-before directed to be referved and retained for the purpofe of paying his paflage home;) and it (hall and may beriawful to and for the governdr of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or the commiflary’of the vice admiralty court for the time being, or for any juftice of the peace in Newfoundland, to iflue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend every fuch deferter, and on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles to. commit him to prifon, there to remain until the next court of feflion which (hall be holden in purfuance of the commiflion of the faid governor for the time being; and, if found guHry of the faid offence at fuch feflion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of feflion, to order fuch deferter to be publickly whipped as a vagrant, and afterwards to be put on board a paflage (hip, in order to his being conveyed back to the country whereto he befongs.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid,

Difputes, and That all difputes which (hall arife concerning the wages of every all offences toor any fuch feaman or tifherman, and all offences which (hall be be determined comtnitted by every hirer or employer of fuch feaman or fi(her-feffionC&c^ at man> aga*mft this adt, (hall and may be enquired into, heard, Ne*found-	and determined, and the penalties and forfeitures thereby inland,	curred (hall and may be recovered in the court of feflion herein-

before mentioned, or in the court of vice admiralty having junf-"didlion in the faid ifland of Newfoundland.

Aft 6 Ann*, XIX- And? whereas by an aft of parliament, faffed in the fixth refpc&ing fa?- year of the reign of her late majefy Queen Anne, intituled, An adt jors employed for the encouragement of the trade to America, it is, among/} other fh tr"&ng*	enabled) That no mariner or other perfon who Jhall ferve on

America not bewdy or be retained to ferve on board, any privateer, or trading liable to be Jhip or uj/el, tbatjb.ill be employed in any part of America, nor any

mariner

«4

prodace the contra#.

Alt tidi and

Digitized by Google

*775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

«5

mariner or otbtr perfon being on Jhore in any part thereof Jhatt be impreflcd, rt-tiable to be impreffed or taken away by any officer or officers of or be-longing to any of her Majejlfs /lips of war, impowercd by the lord high admiral, or any other perfon whatfoever, unlejs fuck mariner .

JhaU have before deferted from fucb Jbip of war: and whereas the faid privilege or exemption fo given by the faid aft to mariners ferving on flips or vejfels employed in any of the feas or ports of the continent of .

America* or reading on Jhore there, is prejudicial to the fijheries car-ried on by bis Majeflfs Jubjefts of Great Britain and Ireland* and others bis Majejly's dominions in Europe, and has proved an encouragement to mariners belonging thereto to defert in time of war, or at the appearance of a war* to the Britifh plantations on the faid continent America; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid claufe, fo far as it relates to the exempting of mariners or other perfons ferving, or retained to ferve, in any (hip or vefiel in the feas or ports of the continent of America* or other . perfons on (hore there, from being imprefled, be and the fame , is hereby repealed.

XX. And whereas the immoderate ufe of rum and other /pints* imported into Newfoundland from his Majefly's colonies and plantations in America has been found to be highly detrimental to the fijheries carried on there* and it is therefore proper to endeavour to diminijb the tcnfumption thereof; be itena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Run®**c* lm* from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hun- SSwfoundland dred and feventy-fix, there (hall be paid in to his Majefty, his from America heirs and fucceflors, for every gallon of rum, or other fpirits, to pay a duty which (hall be brought or imported into the ifland of Newfound-	P**

land from any Britijh colony or plantation on the continent of 8all0,u America* the lum of one (hilling fterling money of Great Britain; and the (ame (hall be colleded, recovered and paid, to the ^t^becoli^ amount of the value of which fuch nominal fum bears in Great ed^recowedi Britain* and may be received and taken according to the pro- and applied.* portion and value of five (hillings and fixpence the ounce in fil-ver; and the faid duty hereby granted (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, except in fuch cafes where any alteration is made by this zA* as any other duties payable to his Majefty upon goods imported into any Britijh colony or plantation in America are raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any zA or ads of parliament, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral daufes, powers, dire&ions, penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad; and that all the monies that (hall arife by the faid duty, (except the neceflary pharges of raifing> colle&ing, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame,; (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and appliet^arid appropriated to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties arifing by that part of the cuftom*» commonly called The Old Subfidy* payable in Great Britain* are applied and appropriated,

Vot. XXXI.	F	.	XXI. And

Digitized by

Google



66	Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c.31.	[1775.

XXI. And whereas the bounties given by an of parliament, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his	intituled.

An alt for the better fupport and eftablifhmerit of the Greenland and whale fifheries, have been found of great advantage to the

vigation,trade, and	manafdilures of this kingdom; and it is juft and

expedient that the like bounties which are granted by that aH to flaps fitted out from Great Britain, or any of his	in

America,	forthofe fijberiesJbould, in like manner, be granted to flips

fitted out for tbatpurpofefrom the kingdom of Ireland; be it there-After Dec. a j, fore enaaed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the 'ranted^0 aft twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fi*Geo. j^fcventy-five, the refpeltive bounties herein-after mentioned /hall tended to Ire* be allowed for every (hip or veflel Britifl built, and owned by his land.	Majefty’s	fubjelts	of	Ireland,	and	whereof	the	captain	or	malter

and at lead one-third of the mariners are his Majefty’s fubjelts of Great Britain or Ireland, which (hall proceed from any port in ' the faid kingdom of Ireland within the time limited by this alt on the whale fifhery to the Greenland feas, and Davis’s Sir eights, and the adjacent leas, under the feveral rules and reftri&lons Officers to Mr- herein-after exprefled; that is to fay, Every fuch (hip or veflel, tity that (hips before (he proceeds 00 fuch voyage, lhall be vifited by the pro-fittetTouT'Se Per °®ccr or offices of the cuftosn belonging to fuch port, who' fore (hey ’pro-	examine into fuch (hip or veflel, and take an account of the

ceed on their tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and (hall certify fiich his or voyage. their vifitation, examination, and admeafurement, to the cotn-miflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland; and if it appears by the certificate of rach officer or officers that (he hath on board fuch a number of men, provifiorts, boats, fifhing lines, and in-ftruments to be ufed in fuch fifhery as herein-after are mentioned ; that (he is ftrongly built, and otherwife a proper (hip for fuch voyage and fifhery, and hath on board among her crew a ■ fufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who have been before employed in fuch voyages, (the names of fuch perfons to be contained in fuch certificate;) and if hfurther appears by the oath of one or more owner or owners, and dt* the matter or chief officer of fuch (hip, written at the foot of fuch certificate, arid made before the colleltor or comptroller of fuch port, (who are hereby impowered and required to admini-fter the fame,) that it is really and truly their firm purpole and determined refolution, that fuch (hip (hall, as fbon as licence (hall be granted, forthwith proceed, fo manned, fomifhed, and accoutred, on a voyage to the	or	Davis’s	Streights,

or the feas adjacent, and there in the then approaching feafon to ufe the utmoft endeavours of thcmfelves and their (hip’s company to take whales, or other creatures living in the fea, and on no other defign or view of profit in fuch voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof, into the kingdom of Great Britain, (naming the port to which it is their intention to return;) and if the matter, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, do alfb-bteome bound, with two fufficient fecuritres, unto his Majefty, his heirs and Tucceffors,- in the penalty of fuch (urn

a?

Digitized by LjOOQle

1775-} Anno decimo qainto Geo*Gii III. c. 3t,	6;

as (kail be equal to treble the bounty intended by this a<5t, (which bond the (aid collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force-for the term of three yean againft the mailer and fureties for the faithful dealings at the (aid mailer and (hip’s company in regard to the faid (hip and voyage;) then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall andmay Commiffioncrs be lawful for any three or more of the (aid commiffioners of the?* revenues in Ireland for the time being, on receiving fuch certifi- receiving fuch cates and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the col- certificate* 10 fodar and comptroller of fuch port, that fufiicicnt fecurity hath £rant licence, been given as aforefaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby *c’ saquimd to give and grant to the mailer and owners of fuch (hip,

(nil liceocoand authority to proceed on fuch voyage as aforefaid,

XX1L And t« prevent any difputes that may arijtwhether a he properly qualified and duly fitted eut far the whale /S	, according

to the true intent and meaning of this ally and intitled to a certificate thereof thorn the tufiom-houfe officers, it is hereby enabled. That What number every (hip of the burthen of two hundred tons, defigned for this of °>en> *»"«»* fifivwy, (hall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty (idling ^e'rMin di^* lines of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon ^enAoni (frail icons, four boats with Given men, including a harpooncr, a have pa board. " fofrinua, and a lino manager, to each boat, making in the whole twenty-eight men betides the mailer and fungeon, with fix months provifion at the lead for fuch number of men; sadt-cvery (hip of larger burthen an incrcaft of fix men, onp boat, ten fuch lines and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tans shove the faid two hundred tons, togethefwith provifion* in proportion; and every (hip which (hall be (b employed in the (aid fithery (hall have on board an apprentice indentured for the fpece of three years, at the lead, for eyery fifty tons burthen, who (hall be accounted as one of the number of men required to be on board fuch (hip as aforefaid.

XXIII.	And be it fiyther cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. On return of That on the return of (uch (hip to the port to which the under Wp*, proper and mate declared on oath their intention to return, the proper officers of the cudoms at fuch port (hall immediately repair on infpe& the board, and view the condition of fuch (hip and her. lading, and cargo, certify the fame, together with their obfervation thereon, as alfb of the real tonnage of the faid (hip; and the faid officers are aj- and take an fo to take an account or fchedule of the names of the mader, *ccount tfa* mate, and other perfonson board, didinguifhing therein the	h*r!

harpooners and perfons more immediately employed in the faid poppers',4c.* (Uhery,and to certify the fame; and the mader and mate (hall make oath before the colledlor and comptroller, (who are hereby im-powered and required to adminider the fame,) on the back of, or annexed to the licence granted as aforefaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did in purfuancq thereof, mentioning the day of their departure, proceed on a voyage diredly to the places aforefaid, and have not fine* been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or view of profit; aqd that they did there (mentioning the time of their

Fa	day

Digitized by

Google

<>8	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii III. C.31. [1775.

ftay in thofe feas) ufc the utmoft endeavour of themfelves and their (hip’s company to take whales, and other creatures living in thofe feas; and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported (if any) in fuch (hip, was really and bona fide caught and .	taken in the (aid feas by the crew of (uch (hip only, or with the

afliftance of the crew of fome pther (hip duly licenfed for that voyage, purfuant to the directions of this adt; all which ichedule, certificate, licence, and oath, (hall be tranfmitted by the collector and comptroller of fuch port to the refpeCtive commifiioners of the cuftoms for that part of Great Britain where fuch (hips (hall bd^radsfi^d arr*vc> an<* fuch commiflioncrs being fully fatisfied of the faith-' of the fahhful dealings of the matter and other perfons employed in fuch dealings of the (hips witi\refpc& to fuch voyage and fittiery, (hall, on demand, mafter, &c. to caufe payment to be made to the matter or owners, or to his or tfea as diraft" t*icir a®Sns?	receiver	general	of the cuftoms for that part

ed,8according Gnat Britain where fuch (hip (hall arrive, the bounty or pre-so the admea- mium following, according to the admeafurement of fuch (hip furementof duly certified as aforefaid; (that is to fay,) For every fuch (hip tuc (hips. as procce(i on the faid filhery, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoofand feven hundred and feventy-five, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thopfand feven hundred and feventv-fix, the film of forty (hillings per ton; and for every fuch (nip as (hall proceed on the faid filhery from the twenty-' fifth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and feventy-fix, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, the fum of thirty (hillings per ton; and for every fuch (nip as (hall proceed on the faid filhery from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-fix, the fum of twenty (hillings per ton.

Certain provi- XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by foes refpefting the authority aforefaid, Tnat no perfon or perfons (hall be allow-Ihips before ctj or intitlcd to receive the bounty herein-before granted, for foutSedto the anY ^ip w^ich (hall proceed on.the faid whale filhery after the bounty. , twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, unlefs fuch (hip (hall (ail from the port where (he ' /hall be furveyed, and cleared direCtly on her intended fifhery, on or before the tenth day of April in each and every year, and (hall continue with her crew in the Greenland feas, or Davis’s Streights, or the adjacent feas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in thofe feas, and (hall not depart from thence before the tenth day of Auguft then following, unlefs fuch /hip (hall be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, or with the afliftance of the crew of fome other licenfed (hip, before that time, or (hall be forced by (bme unavoidable accident or neceftity ro depart fooner from thofe feas; which accident or neceflity (hall be verified on the oaths of the matter and mate belonging to fuch (hip, upon her return from the faid fi(hery, before the collector and comptroller of thecuftoms at the port where (he (hall arrive, who (ha]l

tranf-

Digitized by

Google

1775.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.	69

tranfmit the fame, together with the fchedule, licence, and other documents by this aCt required, to the refpeCIive commiflioners of the cuftoms for that part of Great Britain where (he (hall arrive.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. If monies arif-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffionersofhjg from the the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively to order the re- not fuffidcnT fpeCtive receivers general of the cuftoms, in cafe the monies re- ^ pay boun. maining in their hands arifing from the old fubfidy (hall not be ties, any other fufficient at any time or times, during the continuance of this revenuemoney afl, to fatisfy the faid bounty of forty (hillings per ton, and thirty bc taken# (hillings per ton, and twenty (hillings per ton, during the feveral

periods herein-before limited, payable on all (hips employed in the faid fifhery, according to the directions of this prefent aCt, to pay the fame out of any money that (hall be in their hands arifing from any of the duties and revenues under their management refpe&ively.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflibn-That the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and CC®» tb* Scotland refpcdively (hall, at the beginning of every feflion of fic^ifmonof parliament, lay before both houfes of parliament an account in parliament, to writing, under their hands, of what number of (hips employed lay before

in the whale fifhery to Davits Streights and the Greenland feas,them anf a5‘ in purfuance of this aCt, with their refpeCtive names and bur- Mps^mp'loy-thens, have returned to Great Britain, and at what-port in Great ed inthel»'hale Britain they were difeharged, and alfo what quantity of oil, blub- fifhery, &c. ber, or whale fins, each (hip (hall have imported, and from what port in Ireland or the IJle of Man they were fitted out:

. XXVII. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that /lips under the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the faid fijbery\ be it therefore enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid,That Ships under every owner or owners of any (hip or (hips under the burthen tons inti-of two hundred tons, which (hall be employed in the faid fiftiery, fy proporrionl who have conformed themfelves in all refpeCts to the rules and abie to their * directions herein-before prefcribed to the owners of (hips of two admeafurc-hundred tons, (hall be intitled to the faid bounty, as herein-be- mcnt* fore limited, according to the admeafurement of fuch (hip or (hips refpeCtively,

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority Sh*l* above aforefaid. That no (hip to be employed in the faid fifhery, ml-

though (he be above the burthen of four hundred tons, (hall be larger bounty intitled to a larger bounty than a (hip of four hundred tons would than a 400 ton be intitled to.	flripj

XXIX.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this prefent aCt con- and owners tained (hall extend,or be conftrued to extend, to oblige the owner not obliged to or owners of any (hip above the burthen of four hundred tons, *c-

in order to intitle him or them to the faid bounty, to fit equip, and man, any fuch (hip, otherwife than as a (hip of the tons, burthen of four hundred tons only is, by this prefent aCt, required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted by the

F3	mu-

Digitized by Google

Afino dccimo qulftto GeoRgii tit. c. 31.	74*

Nt> appftfl- atrthority aforefaid, That every apprentice'indcntured after the ticc, when in- twenty-fifth day of Detimber, one thoufand feven hundred and exceed^*	t0	fcrve	on board any (hip or veflel proceeding on

be under i+° die fi^ries in purfuance of this or any other aft of parliament yean» now in force, granting any bounty or bounties thereon, (hall not exceed the age of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen, at the and no bounty time he (hall be fo indentured ; a,nd that no bounty (hall be alto be paid un- lowed or paid for any (hip or veflel fo employed, either by virtue left (hips era- 0f th;s 0r any former aft of parliament, unlefs the whole and Jo^meof0^ cnt*rc property of fuch (hip or veflel (hall belong to fome of his IV!ajeAy's fob- MajeftVs fubjefts refiding in that part of his Majefty’s domi-jefb where	nions from whence fuch (hip or veflel (hall be refpeftively fitted

fitted out*	and cleared out, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to-the contrary not-

wirhftanding.

XXX r. And to prevent any application to parliament for the bounty on any Jbip employed in either of the fijberies before mentioned* which may hapten to be lojl at fea before their return to Great Bri-BotmtfHWiay tain, be it declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That be injured, it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or,owners of any (hipi employed, or defigned to be employed, in the laid fifheries, or either of them, to infure the bounty which fuch pwner or owners would have been intitled to upon the return of fuch (hip to Great Britain^ on the performance of all other matters directed add appointed by this prefent aft to be performed for obtaining the (aid bounties.

XXXIL And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Perfons gWfog aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall give or grant any f*lfe ceriifi- falfe certificate for any of the purpofes required or directed by forfeit 5©oL°	fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hun-

5 dred pounds, and be rendered incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any office whatfoever; and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify, any certificate required or directed by this aft, or (hall knowingly or Willingly make ufe of any falfe certificate, or of any certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred founds 2 and every fuch certificate (hall be invalid, and of no effeft.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further enafted by ,the authority

Forfeftttits aforefaid. That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inbow to be ap- Aided by this aft (except in fuch cafes where other direftioM plied. ^	*®e gjvcn by this a6t) (hall be to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs

and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers «C the cuftoms as fhafll fue or profecute for the fame m any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at tVeJlminfter or Dublin, or in thfe court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of admiralty hav* jug jurifdiftion in his Majefty’s colonies or iflands rcfpeaivdy* where the offence (hall be committed.

XXXIV.	And be h further enafted by the authority afore* ^at^’ ^hat fr°m an(* a^ter ^^day of January, one thoufand

found!illdro ^ven hundred and feventy-fix, the penalties and forfeitures in*

(lifted

Digitized by v^ooQle

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii Ul.c.$i.	yt

Aided by any ad of parliament relating to the trade or revenues be feed form of the Briti/b colonies or plantations in America, which (hall incurred in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, (hall be fued for, fold ifland.1 profecuted, and recovered, in the coart of vice admiralty having jurildi&ion in the faid ifland, and in no other; and if any perfon Perfons ag-or peribns (hall think him or themfelves aggrieved by any judge-fhe tnent, fentence, or determination of any court of vice admiralty, PrSpJr admk or other court having jurifdidion in Newfoundland, upon any fuitralty court in or profecutkm commenced there for any penalty or forfeiture 5n- Britain. Aided by any ad of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of theBriti/h colonies or plantations in America, if (hall and may be lawful for fuch party to appeal from fuch judgement, fentence, or determination, in the firft inftance, to the proper court of admiralty in Oreat Britain, or to his Majefly in chuncil; and that no appeal (hall in fuch cafe lie or be brought in any other court or juriididion whatibever, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Duties on aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of "January, one thou- £?°ds. exP°|*I fand feven hundred and feventy-fix, the cuftoms and other du-^^^ertbe ties which now are or hereafter may be due and payable upon direction of the any goods ortnerchandifes brought or imported into, or export- commiflioncrs edor carried from, the ifland of Newfoundland, by virtue of this ofcuttoms*5cc* or any ad or ads of parliament, and the officers of his Majefty’s

cuftoms appointed for executing and carrying into execution the fcveral laws relating to the trade and revenue there, (hall be under the management and diredion of the commiflloners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, under the authority and diredion of the high treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, any law, patent, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded Depiitjt|?nrh by the authority aforefaid, That all deputations and other au- f ^mtftoners thorities granted by the commiffioners of the cuftoms for North for North A-America, before the faid firft day of'January, one thoufand feven menca before hundred and feventy-fix, to any officer or officers ading in and Jan I^I776,f^ for the (aid ifland of Newfoundland* (hall continue in force, as N^wfoumhand fully to all intents and purpofes as if this ad had not been made, to be in force, until the deputations or other authorities fo granted to fuch officer or officers refpedively (hall be revoked, annulled, or made

void by the high treafurer of Great Britain, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Perfons fued (aid. That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any ^ an.y thin* perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a& parliament, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuitaa m*y plead may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial the general if-

. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fut#-fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this ad:	^

and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non-

' F+	fuited

Google



and recover treble coftr.

Preamble. A& 31 Eli** againft creeling of cottages,

is by this aft ’ repealed.

Preamble. Ail a Geo. i t cited.

Anno dedmo quinto Georgii III. c.32, 33; [l775*

faited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement fhall be given upon anyverdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law,

C A P. XXXII.

An aft to repeal an aft, pajfed in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of her majejly jgueen Elizabeth, (intituled, An aft againft the erefting and maintaining of cottages.J

WH E R E A S an aft was pajfed in the thirty -firjl year of the reign of her majejly §>ueen Elizabeth, (intituled, An aft againft the ereftingand maintaining of cottages:) and whereat the ■ Idid aft hat laid the induftriout poor under great difficulties to procure habitations, tends very much to lejfen population, and in divert other refpeftt hat been found inconvenient to the labouring part of the nation in general; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may bt enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftetn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed,

*. CAP. XXXIII.

An aft fit fettling Buckingham Houfe with the appurtenances upon the ®ueen, in cafe JheJhallfurvive hit Majefty, in lieu of hit Majejly's palace of Somerfet Houfe; for enabling the lords commijjion-ers of his Majejly* s treafury to Jell and difpofe of Ely Houfe in Hoi born, and fir applying the money to arife by file thereof, iogt-ther with other monies, in ereftwg and ejlablijhing publick offices in Somerfet Houfe, and Jor embanking certain parts of the river Thames lying tvithin the bounds of the manor of the Savoy, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WH E REAS by virtue of an aft, made in the fecondyear of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft for enabling his Majefty to make provifion for fupporting the royal dignity of the Queen, in cafe (he (hall furvive his Majefty; and by cer~ iain letters patent or indenture under the great feal of Great Britain, granted and executed in pur fiance thereof, bearing date the fecond day of June, in the J'econdyear of his Majejly's reign, all that his Maje-jly's palace or capital mejfiage, called Denmark Houfe, otherwise Somerfet Houfe, otherwife Strand Houfe, with all its rights, members* and appurtenances wkatfoever, were, among other things, for the better accommodation of her Majejly, in cafe Jhe Jbould furvive bis Majejly, limited to the ufe of his Majejly during his life, and after the deceoft of his Majejly, in cafe her Majefty Jbould him furvive, then to the u fe of certain truftee: therein named, and their heirs, during the life of her Majejly, upon trujl, to permit her Majejly to hold and in-

Digitized by i^rOOQle

73

1775*3 Aimo deeimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33.

joy tbi fame during her Majefiy's life, and from and after the deceafe of her Majefiy, to the ufe of the fame trufieesfor and during the term of one year from and immediately after her Majefiy's deceaje, upon trujt, for thefoie benefit and behoofof her Majefiy's executors, adminiflrators, and ajfigns, during the fame term, with remainder to his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors: and whereas his Majefiy,fince his accefiion to the imperial crown of thefe realm*, hath purchajed, with his own proper money, a capital mejfuage, heretofore commonly colled or known by the name of Buckingham Houfe, and alfo certain lands and tenements thereunto belonging or adjoining, and hath alfo added to the fame part of the ground commonly called or known by the name of The Green Park, which is now ufed and enjoyed as parf of the garden of the faid capital mejfuage called Buckingham Houfe: and whereas the fetid houfe heretofore called Buckingham Houfe, with its appurte-nances, in which bis Majefiy now refides, would, in refpefl of its fixation , as well as in every other tefpeft, afford a much more fuitable and commodious place of refidence for the Queen, in cafe Jbe Jhall fur-vxve his Majefiy, than Somcrfet Houfe, and his Majefiy is mofi gra-ciouflj pleafed and defirous that the faid capital mejfuage, called Buckingham Houfe, and other the premifes which are now laid to and enjoyed therewith, JbaU be vefied in or fettled in trufi for her Majefiy , her executors and adminifirotors,• for the like efiates and interejls, which her Majejly, her executors and adminifirators, can or may have or claim in and to Somerfet Houfe aforefaid, by virtue of theJaid recited afl, and letters patent or indenture, or either of them, and her Majefiy is alfo willing and defir ous to accept the fame in lieu thereof: and whereas the faid palace of Somerfet Houfe may, with great pubRtk advant-

nts for holding and ttanf-ces herein-

pleafed to confent, that the m M m	^	,	it therefore enabled, or-

dained, and eftablifhed, by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and ^rith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited a<5l, and All letter* pa-all letters patent, and all and eveiy indenture and indentures un- JJherebC So-der the great feal of Great Britain made in purfuance thereof, merfet &oufe and all gifts, grants, fettlements, and aflurances, whereby the is granted to faid palace or capital meffuage, commonly called Somerfet Houfe, her Majefty.by and all or any of its rights, members, and appurtenances, arcjj^^rc* given, granted, or veiled for or in trull for her Majelly, (hall be ** and the fame are hereby refpedtfvcly repealed, annulled, and made void, with refpcdl to the faid premifes only, and in no other refpecl whatsoever.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Buckingham all that his Majelly’s houfe, commonly called or known by the T11*} name of Buckingham Houfe, late in the tenure or occupation fir Charles Sheffield baronet, his afligns or under-tenants, with all ed in truftees, its rights, members, and appurtenances, and all and lingular to the nfe of mefiuages, tenements, houfes, outhoufes, coach-houfes, ftables, edifices, buildings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances *c#

Digitized by

what-

d by Google

74

Anno dedmo quinto Georoii III. G33. [17^5.

whatfoever, to the fame and other the premifes, or any of them* belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, ufed, or enjoyed, as part, parcel, or member thereof, and all that piece or parcel of pafture ground or park, formerly called'or known by the name of Goring Great Garden, and afterwards called or knoyrn by the name of Buckingham Parky or by whatfoever name or names the fame hath lately or is now called or known, and, alfo all thofe pieces or parcels of ground abutting or adjoining to the faid premifes, or any of them, late in the feveral tenures or occupations of Alexander Gardner, Helen Rumboldy William Sif-raeby George QlkinSy or any of them, all which faid premifes, as well freehold as leafehold, were heretofore fituate, lying and be* ing in the parilh of Saint Martin in the Fields, but now are fituate, lying and being in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square* in the county of Miidlefexy and alfo all fuch other mefiuages, clofes, wood-grounds, walks, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, which now are ufed with the faid premifes, or any part of them, together with all rights, privileges, exemptions, ways, paths, paflages, eafements, and free liberty of ingrefs and egrefs, held, ufed, and enjoyed therewith by his Majefty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the right honourable Henry earl of Suffolk *and Berkjhirey the right honourable William Henry earl of Rochfordy the right honourable William earl of Dart-mouthy his Jtfajefty’s three principal fecrctaries of (late, and the right honourable Frederick North commonly called Lori North* firft lord comraiffioner of his Majefty *s treafury, and chancellor and under treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer, and their heirs, to the ufe of his Majefty during his life, and after the deceafe of his Majefty, in cafe her Majefty (hall him furvive, then to the ufe of her Majefty and her afligns, during the term of her Ma* jeft/s natural life, and from and after the deceafe of her Majefty, to the ufe, intent, and purpofe, that the executors, admini-ftrators, and afligns, of her Majefty (hall and may have, hold and enjoy, the faid palace, or capital meftuage, called Buckingham Houfiy with the appurtenances, for and during the term of one whole year, to commence and take effect from and immediately after the deceafe of her Majefty; and front and immediately after the end and determination of the faid term of one year, then to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, notwitbftanding any reftraint or other matter or thing contained in an a<51, made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne* inane! the faid tituled. An atl for the better fupport of her Majeflfs houfehold* and houfe to be the honour and dignity of the crown; and the laid capital mefliiagct caM«d The heretofore called Buckingham Houfey (hall be accepted in law* Pdace.* deemed, reputed, and called* The Queen's Royal Palace.

III.	And whereas his Majefty haw laid out and expended a confL derable fum of money in the purebafe and improvement of the Jaid capital meffuagey heretofore called Buckingham Houfe, and other the premijes thereunto belonging* in conftderation whereof '* as alfo for and in conftderation of bis Majejly s consenting to convert and configte the faid palace or capital meffuagey called Somerfct Houfe, for the

ufes

Anno decimo quinto GfioRGii III. c. 33.	7£

ujeshrein-aftermentioned, be it further ena&ed by the authority »oo,oool.

aiforefaid, That out of all or any the revenues arifen or to arife

within the receipt and government of all or any of the feveral ^n'fideration*

officers of the revenue, whofe offices are ereCted and eftablifhed, exprefled in

or are to be ereCted and eftablifhed by virtue of this ad, there thu aft.

fhaH and may be paid, ifTued, and applied, any Turn or fums of

msney, not exceeding the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds,

Jt fuch time and times, and in fuch proportions refpedtively, as tilt lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three of them, or his Majefty’s lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall dired, limit, or appoint, who ate hereby authorised to iffue their warrants for that purpofe to fuch petfon and perfons as his Majefty fhall, by warrant or war-nnts under his royal fign manual in that behalf, authorife and. impower to receive the fame, to and for the ufe-of his Majefty.

IV.	And whereas it may be found necejfary to the laying out the (rind offices to be efablijbed in hii	Majefty’spalace and capital

wffeage called Somerfet Houfe, and rendering the fame convenient micompleat, that feveral pieces of ground in and adjacent to the of tbe faid palace or capital	mejfuage Jbould be fet out and allotted for

theft purpofes, and that likewife feme buildings fhould be pulled down end removed,and other buildings added thereto; be it therefore cn-afied by the authority afarefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful eom' to and for the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, treat or eon. on behalf of his Majefty, hit heirs and foocefTors, from time to trait for tbe time, and all fifties hereafter, to treat, contract, and agree, for the purchafe of abfolute' purchafe, fale, releafe, or furrender, of any eftate or ■meffuage*, iotereft in any tnef&nges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpofes afarefaid, with the owner or owners, leflee or lefleet, of fuch refy>eCtive eftate and eftates, for fuch fum or fums of money, or upon fuch other terms and conditions as the faid commifiemers, or any three of them, or the lord high treafurer for tbe time being, 'fhaH think fitting$ and that upon the exe- *"<* to pay the coring fud» contracts or agreements, by or on the behalf of fuch Je^to the10* omtee at owners as afarefaid, or upon executing fuch convey- owner*, See. iBCtf, alignments, ivleafes, or fnrrcnders, as on fuch contra# or eoairaCb (halt be agreed cm for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful Id and far the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any thtfedf them, or to and for the lord high treafurer for the time beihg, and he and they are and is hereby impowered to order mdffireAthe payment of fuch fum and fums of money, from thM »time, as fhaH be fo contracted and agreed on for fuch psNtnffe or purebafes, to fuch perfon or perfons as, according to the terms «f fuch contracts or agreements (hall be intitled to hwetmd receive the fame.

Y. And be ft further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Afterpayment horn and immediately after fach payment of the purchafe-mo- of tbe pur-neyto the peribn or perfons fo intitled to receive the fame, as&c thefcveril sforefiid.or if no agreement fhall be made, on making fuch fa- mefTuages,&c. tisfaftion asbercin-after is mentioned, the feveral mefluages, vetted mbi*

u	lands,	Majefty.

y6	Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 33. [1775.

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fuch contrafts, agreements, and conveyances, mentioned and comprifed, or intended fo to be, together with all rights, members, and appurtenances whatfoever to the fame, or any part thereof belonging, and ufually held and enjoyed therewith, (hall be, and the (aige are hereby declared to be, from time to time, unalienably vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors-, for the purpofes of this aft.

Bodies poli- VI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law-tick, &c im- fu] to ancj for a]j bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, coipo-treat ^with die rat*ons aggrega*c or foie, truftees and feoffees in truft, guardians commiflioners. and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, admioiftra-tors, and guardians whatfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceflors, but alfo for and on hehalf of their ceftuique trulls, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots* femes-covert, or other perfons whatfoever, and to and for all femes-covert who are or (hall be feifed in their own right, and to and for all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be feifed or poflefled of of interefled in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which (hall be neceflary to be purchafed for any of the purpofes of this aft, to (ill and convey all or any fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates, and interefts, or any part thereof, to the commiflioners of his Majcfty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and that all contrafts, agreements, bargains. Tales, and conveyances, which (hall be made by fuch bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, truftees, and other perfons as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes, not only to convey the effate and intereff of the bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, truftees, and other perfon and perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all ,	right,	eftate, intereft,ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfo-

ever, of their fcveral and refpeftive ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other perfons whomfoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwiihftanding: and all fuch bodies politic*, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, truftees, and other perfons fo conveying as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue and in purfuance of this aft, notwithftanding any on|iflion If any perfon, or miftake in matter of form whatfoever: and if it (hall happen bodic* poli- that any perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate or coile-tick, re- gi^te, or other perfon.or perfons, feifed or poflefled or interefled fuJc to treat, m any fucj1 jancjS) tenements, or hereditaments, as aforefaid, (hall refufe to treat or agree, or will not agree for the fale and conveyance of their refpeftive eftates, terms, or interefts therein, or by reafon of abfence or difability cannot or do not agree,or there (hall be no perfon or perfons in being who, as truftee or otherwife under the powers of this aft, can agree with the commiflioners of the trealury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, or

with

Digitized by

Google

*775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33.	77

with any perfon or perfons by him or them in this behalf authors led and appointed, or (hall not produce or evince a dear title to the premifes they are in pofleflion qf,or to the term or inter-eft they claim, to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners of the 'treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, or of the perfon or perfons by them (o authorifed or appointed; then, and notice to be.

TO every fuch cafe, in order to fettle and afcertain the value °f price oV the ’ fitch eftate or eftates, and of any prefent interefts or intereft, premifes will , term or terms of years, or other right or property of fuch perfon oe fettled by a or perfons, it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more per- i0I7* ftto or perfons, to be appointed for that purpofe by his Majcfty,

Itis heirs or fuccefiors, under his or their (ign manual, and fuch perfon or perfons is or are hereby authorifed, thirty days at the loft before any general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the city and liberty of	to give, or caufe to be

mVcn, to nich rcfpeftive owner or owners, or to be left at their oft places of abode refpeftively, a notice in writing, defcribing (he (aid premifes, and purporting that the price or confideration of the faid premifes will be adjuued and fettled by a jury at the fitid feflions; and the juftices, at their faid feflions, upon proof Juft,^e’>on to them made of fuch notice or notices given, (hall, and they t^giveiMo are hereby authorifed and required, out of the perfons fummon- fummon a cd, impannelled, and returned to ferve on the jury at the faid jury, feflions, to caufe a jury of twelve perfons to be drawn by fome perfons to be by the fame court appointed, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of ifliies joined in his Majefty’s courts at fPtftmnJltr,by an aft, made in the third year of the reign of his late'Majcfty, intituled. An aQ for the regulation of , are directed to be drawn; and all parties concerned (hall have £aryl"1f,n maJ their lawful challenges againft any of the (aid jurymen, but (hall botnot the* ’ not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the faid juftices array, are hereby authorifed and impowered, by precept or precepts, witnefle* may from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to call before them examined, all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever who (hall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as witnefles before . them on their oath or oaths concerning the premifes; and the fold juftices, if they think (it, (hall and may likewife authorife the faid jury to view the place or places in queftion in fuch manner as they (hall direft; and the faid juftices (hall have power to command fuch jury, witnefles, and party, to attend until all fuch affairs for which fuch jury was impannelled (hall he concluded; and the faid jury, upon their oath, (which oaths, J»ry> on their as aho the oaths to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be called up- oath», to afleit On to give evidence, the faid juftices are hereby impowered and every* c*rlon-« required to adminifter,) (hall inquire of the value of fuch mef- eftate, fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the value df the refpeftive eftate and intereft of every perfon feifed or pof-fefled thereof, or interefted therein, or of or in any part thereof, and (hall aflefs and Sward the fum or fums to be paid to every fiich perfon or perfons for the purchafe of fuch their eftates,

terms,, and interefts; and the faid juftices (hall give judgment »nd jufticet10

f0, *>ve jiuiSe.

Digitized by

Google'

78	Anno	dedmo quinta GeoJIGII IK. C.	f 17751

ment thereqn,for fuch fum and foms of money fo to be *fie(fed, which Cud fiiu?U fliaU **	or verdirfts, and the (aid judgment thereupon, Hull be

na *	binding	and condufive to all intents and purposes againft «U and

every perfon or perfons whomfoever.

Afterpayment VII. And be it further enaded, That upon payment of fccb alalwed ever ^um an<^ fums of money fo to be awarded or adjudged, the per-* perfontomake fon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo awarded, for the legal convey- purchafe of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or foe ances to the the purchafe of any eftate, term, or intereft therein, (hall ottkfl and execute, or caufe and procure to be made and executed, ry, See. * good, valid, and legal conveyances, alignments, aadafiurances, in the law, to the commiifioners of his Majefty's trmfciry, ti lord high treafurer for the time being, or to fiach perfon or perfont as he or they (tell order, dire#, or appoint, of the (hid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of fuch eftate, term, or intereft, - for which fuch fum or fums of money thail be fo awarded, and (hall procure all neceftary parties to execute fiich conveyance*, alignments, and aflurances, and (hall dp all a&s, matter* and things neceflary and requifite to make a good, clear, and perfcA title, to the comouffioners of hin Majefty’s wcafury, or tbrlond high treafurer lor the tint being, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by him or them, as aforefoid; and Inch convey* ancet, affignments, and aAirancea, flail contain all rmfonilfls and ufoal oonaaits, as on the part of the commiffioaecaef his Majefty’s trcafiiry, or ford high treafurer for the timet being, or of the perfon or perfona to bo appointed by him or them, as In cafe perfons aforefoid, (hall be reafonahly required: and in call fitch perfon Ptr^MIS» to "hom fitch him or fums fttaU be fo awarded, as the premiies, aforefoid, (had not be able to evince their title to the premifcs, See. themoney or lhaU refute fo to do, being thereto required, or fiich font or aiftfcd to be fums fo affefifed or awarded as aforefoid, being tendered to be bank,nt° *** to ^i«*» °r to whom the fame (hall have been ™ *	awarded,	(hall	be refufed; or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to

whom fuch fum and fums of money (hall be fo awarded, cannot be found within the liberty of IVeJlminfler aforefaid; or in cafe, by reafon of difputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for any other caufe, it (hall not appear what perfon or perfons is or are intitled to the premifes in queftion; then, and in every fiich cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at any general quarter feffions to be held for the city and liberty of fVefiminJier aforefoid, to order the foid fum and fums to be af-fetfed and awarded as aforefaid, as and for the value of and pur-chafe-money for the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments* to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interefted in fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of fo many of them as (hall be then in ejfe, describing them, fubie& to the order, controul, and difpofition of the faid court of chancery, which faid court of chancery, on the application of any perfon or perfons making claim to fuch fum by motion or petition,

<h*{l

Digitized by L^ooQLe

79

1775*3 Anno dccitno quinto GborGH III. c.33.

(haH bi and is hereby impowered, in a fummary way of pro--cecding, or otherwife, as to the faid court (hall feern meet, to older the diftribution of, according to the refpe<£h ve eftates or eftate, title or intereft, of the perfon or perfons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be unde appear to and to be declared by the faid court, and according to the value thereof afleffed as aforefaid, and to make fodi other order in the faid pretnifes as to the faid court (hall licem juft and reasonable.

' VIII. And be it further enabled. That immediately from and After Aach after fuch verdift, judgment, and order of the faid court of’*™^*^0 fdfions, and payment into the bank, a9 aforefaid, all the eftate, the bank; ' right, title, term, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and de-land»,&c.ve(t-aand, in lawt and eqflity, of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe e<* the com‘ fecb money (hall be paid in, to, and out or the faid lands, tene- nu“,oacrt* ments, hereditaments, and pretnifes, (hall be transferred to and veiled in (he lords eommiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, for thepurpofes here-In-after mentioned, and he and they-(hall be and be deemed in law to be thenceforth in the aAual feifin and pofleffion thereof to aO intents and purpqfes, as fully and effectually as ff every perfon, having any eftate in the pretnifes, had a&ually conveyed foe feme to them by leafe aad releafe, bargain and ule inroli-ed, feoffment with livery-and feifin, fine and recovery, aflign-aoft, or any other legal conveyance whatfoever; and fuch payment (hall extend to and be deemed and eonftrued to bar the dower and dower* of the wife,and wives of fuch perfon and per-(sns, and alleftates tail, in reverfion or remainder, as effectually » a fine or recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or (offered by the proper parties in due formof law; and the lords * eommiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high trea-(brer for the time being, or other perfon or perfons to whom the feid pretnifes (hall by the eommiffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforefajd, (hall be quieted in the feifin and pof-feffion of the lands, tenements, ana hereditaments, for which hth money (hall be (b paid as aforefaid, and (hall not be anfwer-ahle or accountable in any court of law or equity for the faid money any otherwile than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this a<ft.

IX. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any femes-covert If femei co- -it of (hall be feifed in fee-fimple, or in tail general or fpecial, or^7ee^mple for life; or for any lefler intereft of any inch lands, tenements, tj,e pUrchafe-and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, -to her fepa- money to be fate ufe; foee from the controul or intermeddling of her hufband, reinvefted in jheporchafe-moncy arifing from the falc of fuch eftate, term, or otherlaods intereft, of fuch feme-covert, on the conveyance of fuch eftate,0 term, or Intereft, to the eommiffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, or other perfon or perfons to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall be paid to fuch perfon or per-(oqj as file ftfall by writing under her hand nominate tq receive •

the

Digitized by

80	Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33. £1775.

the lame, in trull, to be reinveAed in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled for fuch ufes, ellate, and interell, as the faid feme-covert had in the premifes fo purchased as aforefaid.

Purchafe mo- X. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any melTuages, ncy for lands, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which lhall be purchafcd mitatbnto be ^or t^e PurP°^es contained in this adl, lhall be fo fettled, or Hand paid into the limited by way of legal limitation, as that the perfon or perfons bank,	in polfefiion thereof lhall not be intitled to an ellate of inherit-

ance therein, although the faid melTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, be not veiled in any trullee or trullees, th*n the purchafe-money arifing from the faie of fuch ellate lhall be paid into the bank, in the name and with the privity of the accountant and applied to general of the faid court of chancery, upon trull, to be reinvell-purchjie lands ccj# by and with the approbation of the faid court of chancery, l|Ukeufes°ashC t0 %n*he(* by an order or orders, upon motion in open thofe purchaf- court, or petition after fuch reference, (if any) as to the fame ed by the com-court lhall feem meet, in the purchafe of other melTuages, miflioners j lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjedl to the like ufes, trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the melTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which lhall be purcbafed by the commilGoners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, or other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, were re-fpedively fettled, limited, or alTured, at the time of purchafing the fame, or fo many thereof as, at the time of making fuch conveyances and fettlements, (hall be exilling and capable of and till fuch taking effedl; and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe purchafe caiv be found, in trull, by and with the like approbation, fo Cg-invTiled in° * nified as aforefaid, to be inverted in government fecurities, and government the interell and dividends ariGng therefrom to be paid and ap» lecuritiesj&c. plied to fuch perfon and perfons as would be intitled to the rents and profits of the premifes, in cafe the fame had not been veiled in the commillioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, or any perfon to be appointed as aforefaid; and upon payment of fuch purchafe-money by the com-miflioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, to fuch perlQn orperfons fo as aforefaid nominated tx> receive the fame, the premifes for which the fame lhall be fo paid lhall be and are hereby veiled in the commilGoners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being.

How money XI. And be it further enaded, That the principal money anting by the arifrng from the fale of any melTuages, lands, tenements, or he-bcloneine^V reditamcnts> which lhall be purchafed for the purpofes contained bodies corpo- *n this adt, of any body politick, corporate or collegiate, coipo-; rate, $c. is to ration aggregate or foie, being feoffees in trull, guardians, combe applied, mittees, or other trullees, lhall be paid to them refpedtively, or to fuch perfons as they (hall refpedtively nominate to receive the fame, in trull, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards to be reinvefted in the purchafe of other melTuages, lands, tenements; or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and

Digitized by

C )gle

1775-1 Anno decimo quirtto Georgii 1IL C*$$*	81

fubjeCt to the like ufes, trurts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; which (hall be purchafed from them refpeCtively as aforefaid, were refpeCtively fettled, limited, and affured, at the time of fuch the purchafing of the fame, or fo many thereof a9 at the time of making fuch conveyances and fettlements fhall . be exiting and capable of taking effeCt; and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe can be found, in truft, to be inverted in government fecuritfes, and the intereft and dividends arifing therefrom to be paid and applied to fuch bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, truftees, and other *perfon and perfons afe would be mtitled to the rents and profits of the premifes, in cafe the fame had not been verted in the com-miftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, by virtue of this aCt.

XII.	And whereas a further carrying on of the embankment al-

ready made in divers places on the north fhore of the river Thames, between Wcftminfter Bridge and the new bridge at Blackfriars, by extending fuch embankments from the Jouth-eaJl corner of Kitchiner’s wharf in one uniform line to Strand Lane flairs, lying within his Majejhfs manor of the Savoy, would contribute to the improvement cf the navigation of the Thames, and to the advantage as well as ornament of the offices hereafter to be ejiablijhed% and of bis Majejly's pterin ft of the Savoy; be it therefore enaCted by the authority a-fbrefatd. That it mall and may be lawful to and for any one or Perfons sp-more perfon or perfons, to be appointed for that purpose by his	h‘f

Majerty, his heirs or fucceflors, under his or their fign manual,

and fuch perfon and perfons is and are hereby authorised to ih-rJ¥Cr> from dole and embank, or caufe to be inclofed or embanked, fo muefi Kitchiner’a of the ground and foil of the faid river as lies unembaqked on wharf, pro-the north fide thereof, from the fouth-eaft corner of Kitchintr's l^sirand La^e wharf, and projecting from thence thirty feet into the river, and fo contipued in a uniform line, fo as to give a proper direction to the (tream, and extending from thence eaftward to Strand Lane ftairs; the foundation of the faid front wall, to be made with fuch fet-off towards the faid river, and the faid wall to be guarded with fuch pHes and other defences, as (hall be thought requifite and expedient for fecuring the liability or duration thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That the ground and foil of the faid river, fo to be inclofed Embankment

and embanked in the front of the faid palace or capital meflqage

of Somerfet Houfe, and garden thereunto belonging, (hall vert, and Malefty»&Ct

the fame are hereby verted in his Majefty, his hteirs and fuc*

eeflbrs, for the ufes and purpofes herein-afrer mentioned ; and

all the reft and refidue of the ground and foil of the faid river,

fo be inclofed and imbanked as aforefaid, (hall vert in, and the

fifcne is hereby verted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucce(Tor$, in

right of and as parcel and member of his dyichy of Lancafier.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be Owners of lawful to and for the owner qr owners, proprietor 01 proprietors, wharfs may

Vot. XXXI,	G	fpr	embank with.

fty’i com m if-fioners (ball direct.

may try a6Sre8ate? to Proccec* to tria* °f fuch claim or right before the right of chief juftice, or any other of the judges of the court of king’s

§Z	Anno decimo quinto Georgii III; c. 33. f 1775.

in certain li- for the time being of the refpe#ive houfes, wharfs, and“ground$, mtu (pecified, fituate between the Adelphi terras and the weft corner of the at his Maje- buildings called The Savoy%to make fuch embankments, and eredt fuch houfes and other buildings^on the faid grounds, as the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, (hall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, authorise and diredt, any thing herein, or in an adt,, intituled, An atl for enabling certain perfons to inclofe and embank part , t	of the river Thames, adjoining to Durham-yard, Salifbury-fireet,

Cecil-ftreet, and Beaufort-buildings, in the county of Middlefex, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	And whereas it is but jujl and reafonable, that any bodies po~

'	litick or corporate, and all other perfon and perfons who claim any

right to the foil of the river Thames, fo intended to be inclofed as aforefaid, Jhould be at liberty to try fuch right at law ; be it there-Perfons claim-fore enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every the (mFofW Per^on an^ Perf°ns> bodies politick and corporate, foie or river raa

their rigl	_	_

claim at law. bench or court of common pleas refpedtively, at the fittings of Nifi Prius in the faid county of Middlefex, in or after Michael-mas term now next enfuing, in a feigned adtion for tl)at purpofc, to be commenced in either of his Majefty’s faidcourts, on or before the firft day of Trinity term next enfuing, wherein fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, as aforefaid, (hall be plaintiff or plaintiffs upon one or more iffue or iflTues, to be fettled in the court of which the faid adtion (hall be com-If parties djf-menced, if the parties (hall differ about the fettling thereof; ^,theHTue fuch jflrue or j{fue5 t0 tried by a fpecial jury of freeholders of the faid county of Middlefex, whofe verdidt thereupon, if the 1	fame (hall be fatisfadtory to the court where the caufe is tried,

(hall be final and conclufive to all the faid parties; and in cafe a verdidt (hall be found for fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs js to the faid right, the faid jury (hall upon their oaths enquire, as well what damages have been or will be fuftained by, and what re-compence ought to be made for, fo much of the foil of the faid river Thames as (hall be taken away for the purpofes of embanking as aforefaid, as well as tl\e relpedtive parts .and proportions of fuch damages and fatisfadtion which ought to be paid and borne in proportion to their refpedtive interefts therein, by pr in refpedt of his Majefty’s faid palace of Somerfet Houfey and his faid manor of the Savoy, and to indorfe the fame upon the Pofiea\ and for the better afeertaining fuch damages, and the proportions thereof, as aforefaid; the court in which the faid a&ion (hall be commenced (hall, upon the application of either of the parties, caufe the faid jury to view the places in queftion, to which faid jury all parties, and all others interefted, (hall have Court, ujm|k ^eir lawful challenges;, and the faid court yyhere the faid adtioa the jury! to°	tr*ec*	(hall^ upon the verdidt of the faid jury ip fuch

giver judge- feigned adtion, give judgment thereon according to law; which mefUvwhich judgment (hall be,recorded by the faid court, and (hali finally (hall be final. *	■	*	J	r	fajnd

Digitized by

Google

*775-] Anno decimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 33*	83

bind and conclude all parties, and all others interefted in the fa'd embankment.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, After patting That from and after the parting of this aft, all that his Majefty’s f?id palace or capital mefluage, called by the name of Denmark with itf ap* Houje, otherwiIt Somerfet Houfe, otherwik Strand Houfe, fituate purtenances, in or near the parifh of Saint Mary at Strand, in the county of &c. vefted in Middlefex, with all its rights, members, and appurtenances his Majelty, whatfoever, and all and Angular houfes, outhoufes*ftables, coach-houfes, edifices, buildings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid palace or capital mefluage belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, or enjoyed, as part, parcel, or member thereof, or of any part thereof; and alfp lo much of the ground and foil of the faid river Thames, fo to be inclofed and embanked as'aforefaid, as lieth in the front of the faid palace or capital mefluage called Somerfet Houfe, and the garden thereunto belonging; and alfo all fuch mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as fhall at any time be purchafed by the lords commiflioners of the treafury, or any three of them, or by the lord high treafurer for the time being, by virtue of the powers and authorities contained in this aft, together with all eredions and buildings now erefted and built upon the faid pre-mifes,or any part thereof, or that (hall or may at any time hereafter be erefted and built thereon, or any part thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be vefted in his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceflors, freed and difeharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified, of, from, and againft, all former grants, charters, titles, eftates, or other incumbrances whatfoever, for the ufe, intent, and purpofeof erefting and efta- for the pur-bliihjng, within the fame, or upon the ground and (cite there- P°rc °f cre^‘ of, the feveral publick offices hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, The fait office, the ftamp office, the tax office, the navy office, the navy pay office, the navy viftualling office, the publick lottery office, the hawkers and pedlars office, the hackney coach office, the furveyor general of the crown lands office, the auditors of the imprerts office, the pipe office, the office of the duchy of Lancajler, the office of the duchy of Cornwall, the office of ordnance, the King’s barge-mafter’s houfe, the King’s barge-houfes, and fuch other publick offices and buildings as (hall be thought fit by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and convenient to ereft andeftablifh there, notwithftanding any reftraint, or any other matter or thing contained in an aft of parliament, made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne,

(intituled. An aft for the better fupport of her Majejlys houfehold, and the honour and dignity of the crown-,) or any thing in the faid Vedited aft, made in thefecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* (intituled, An aft for enabling his Mafejiy to make provi-fion for (upporting the royal dignity of the §>ueen, in cafe Jhe Jball furvive bis Majefty-,) or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, tQ the contrary thereof in any-wi(e notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further cnafted by the authority afore&id,

. Ga	That

Digitized by

Google

u	Anno	decirno	quinto	Georgii III. C.33.	[1775.

When the of That when all or any of the faid feveral offices, and fuch as may fices are ered- hereafter be ereded or eftablilhed, (hall be fo built and eftablifii-ed, every one ed, as aforefaid, the fame (hall be feverally and refpedively ac-t° he called af- cepted jn law to be the proper office, and (hall be called after the nef* of fuch denomination of the revenue or bufinefs of fuch refpedtive office; refpeftive of- and that all and every ad and ads, thing and things, matters fice,	and concerns refpedively, made, done, or executed there con-

and all ads, cerning fuch office, or the receipt and management of any of done^htre^o ^IS Majefty’s faid revenues refpedively, (hall be and are hereby be valid in law. declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as fuch ad or ads, matters, things, or concerns, would have been, had the fame been made, done, and executed at any ancient, prefent, or accuftomed office, had this ad never been made,	*

As by ad 1* XVIII. And whereas by an a&, made in the twelfth year of thi Geo. 3. Ely reign of his prefent MajeJly, (intituled, An ad for veiling Ely Houfe, &c. be- Hmfe in Holbourn in his Majelly, his heirs and fucceflors, and hisMaicfty for ^or aPPty*n6 *he purchafe-money, with another fum therein the purpofes mentioned, in the purchafing a free-hold piece of ground in there n men- Dovei'-Jireet, in the building and fitting up another houfe there-tioned, ©n for the future refidence of the bilhops of Ely, and the furplus to the benefit of the fee, an i for other purpofes therein mentioned,) all that houfe called Ely Houfe,ftuate in Holbourn, in the county of Middlefex, and all that and thofe the chapel, coach-houfes, liables, and other offices, gardens and yard thereto belonging, with all the rights, members, and appurtenances to the houfe and premifes be* longing, .upon fuch compenjation, and with fuch faying, as therein par-ticularly expreJJ’ed in that behalf, become vejled in his MajeJly, his heirs and fueceffiors, to the intent,. among other things, that the fame Jbould be applied to erebJ and ejiablifh puflick offices thereon, as in and by the faid recited alt, relation thereunto being had, may more fully appear : and whereas the faid houfe called Ely Houfe, and other the premifes, have been found notfo convenient for the purpofes aforefaid as the faid palace or capital mejfuagt called Denmark Houfe, other wife Somerfct Houfe; and part of the Jaid palace or capital mejfuage celled Denmark Houle, otherwife Somerfet Houfe, or 0] the meffiuages, lands, and tenements, to be pur chafed as herein-before is provided, or of the land to be acquired and taken in by fuch embankment a: is herein-before mentioned, may not be required, or necejfary to the erection and ejlabltfhment of the offices aforefaid \ and it will be very advantageous to the publick that the Jaid Ely Houfe, and all the premifes thereto belonging, and all fuch part of the faid palace or capital mejfuage called Denmark Houfe, othenvife Somerfet Houfe, and other the premifes as Jhall not be necejfary to the ereflion and eftablifhmeut of the offices a-fore(aid Jbould be fold \ and alfo all fuch grounds, buildings, meffiuages, and tenements, with their appurtenances, as are now ufed and employ-ed as and for any of the publick offices to be ertfted and ejlablijhed as aforefaid, and whereof or wherein his Majefly, or any perfon or per-Jons-in trfor him, have or hath any efiate or interejl, other than and except fuch houfe $, rooms, or apartments, as are part of bit Met* j?ftys royal palace ofWhite hall, jbould^ after the removal offuch of-

Jtcss,

Digitized by

*775-] Annadccimoquintq Geo'Rgii III. c.33.	$$

/ices, be likewife fold, for fuch eflate and interejl as his Majejiyy or any Other term or perfons in truft for him, have or hath therein, or that the fata houfe called Ely Houfe, and other the premifesy Jhould be otberwife difpofed of to the bejl advantage, and that the purchafe-money or other profits thereof to be paid into the hands of the lords cmmiffioners of bis Majefiys treafury for the time tying, or into the hands of fuch perfon as they or any three of them Jhall by warrants under their bauds dirett or appoint to receive the fame, fhould be applied and difpofed of in (retting and ejlablijbing fuch puhlick offices as aforefaid, upon the terms and in the manner hereinafter mentioned v for that purpofe; and his Majejly is therefore pleafed and contented that the fame be enattcdy ordained, and efrabli/hed accordingly \ be it	x

therefore ordained, enalled, and eftabliftied, by the authority aforefaid, That the faid houle called Ely Houfe, and all that ahd the faid houfe thofe the chapel, coach-houfes, (tables, and other offices, gar- fuch Parti dens, and yard thereunto belonging, with their and every of HoufcT&c^aa their rights, members, and appurtenances, which by the faid may not be recited a# were veiled or intended to be yelled in his Majefty, neceflary for his heirs and fucceflors, as aforefaid, and alfo all fuch part and thepubfickof-parts of-the faid palace and capital mefliwge called Denmark	*****

Houfey otherwife Somerfct Houfe, and other the premiss, except commiflioners, as before excepted, as (hall not be neceflary /or the eredliqn and and may be eftablilhment of the feveral offices aforefaid,- and alfo all fuch foregrounds, buildingr, mefluages, and tenements, withrheir rights, members, aqd appurtenances, as are now ufed and employed as and for any of the publiek offices hereafter to be created and eftablifhed as aforefaid, and whereof or wherein his Majefty, his 1 heirs and fuccefiors, or any perfon or perfons in trull for him or them, now have or hath, pr can or may have, any eftate or m-tereft, except as before excepted, (hail be veiled in, and the fame are hereby vefled in the commiflioners of his Majcfty’s ‘treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to the intent that the fame may be bargained, fold, or leafed, difpofed of, and applied to and for the feveral purpofes heref n-after mentioned j and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, pr any three of them, of the lord high treafurer for the time being, to treat, oontra&, jdnd agree, with any perfon or perfons, bodies politick dr corporate, their heirs, fucceflors, and alfigns, for the fale, or for the leafing of all or any part of the eftate, right, title, or intereft, in or to alt or any of the premifes fo veiled in^the commiflioners < of the treafury as aforefaid, for the moil money that can be got for the fame, or upon terms and conditions the mod advantageous that can be got: and that upon the executing fuch contrails Conveyance or agreements by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, affignments, or any three of them, or, the lord high treafurer for the time c^(en?to\>e being;, or upon executing fuch other conveyances, furrenders, or good in law demifes, as in fuch contra# or contrails lhall be agreed on for againft all that purpofe, and payment of the price at fuch time or times as claimt, &c. (hall be agreol on, into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed for that purpofe as aforefaid, to be applied

G 3	and

Digitized by

Google

86	Anno	decimo	quinto	GjjoRGII III, c. 33.	[1775.

and difpofed of according to the directions of this prefeot a<&, fuch conveyances, alignments, farrenders, and dcmifes, (hall be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes, and lhall acquit and difdharge every fuch pprchafer or leflee, his and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, ad miniftrators, and affigns, as againft his Majefty, his heirs and fticceflors, and all other perfon or perfons claiming or to claim, by, from, under, or in truft for him or them, or the faid commimoners or their truf-tees, notwithftanding any reftriCtioti or other matter or thing contained in the faid aCt of the tirft of her late majefty Queen Anne, or any other law or ftatute whatsoever.

How the mo- XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,' the f^e of dy That ah and every fum and fums of money arifing by fuch Houfe, &c. \% fales or contracts, or by any conveyances, aflignments, furren-to be applied, ders, or demifes, made in purfuance thereof, of the faid houfe called Ely Houfe, and other the premifes fo by this aft vefted in the commidioners of the treafury as afbrefaid, or of any part thereof, lhali be iflued and applied, and are hereby appropriated and applied to the ufes and for the purpofes following \ that is to fay, in the ftrft place, for paying "and defraying all efcpences ,	incurred	in	and	about	executing	ancf	compleating fuch fale or

fales as afbrefaid, or relating thereto refpebfively; and after payment of fuch charges and expences ^forefaid, the furplus and refidue of the faid money fh&tt be applied1 for and towards the expences of inclofing and embankirtg fo much bf the ground and foil of the river Thanks^ fo to be indofeb a* afbrefaid," as lieth in the front of the faid palace or capital mefluage called Denmark Houfe, otherwife Somerfet Houfe, and the garden thereunto belonging; and for and towards payment ofine confideta-tion for any purchafe to be made in purfuance of this aft; and for and towards the expenses of laying out, building, finilhing, compleating, and maintaining, all and each of the leveral pub-lick offices herein-before mentioned; and it (hall and may be lawful for the' com mi dinners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any ' three of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to iflue hits or their Warrant from time to time for the payment and application of fuch fum and fums of money accordingly.

Tf money arif- XX. ^nd be it enabled by the authority aforefaid,. That in ing by fal«, cafe the rtioney arifing by fuch fale or fales, demifes or furren-Bcc. be net fuf-. ders of the faid houfe called Ely Houft, and other the premifes, ^*° vc^e<* m *he commiffioners of his Majeft/s treafury, to .be nav^Hlrrice* or demifed as aforefaid, (lull not be fufficient to anfwer the &c.may bw ap-purpofes for which the fame is appropriated as aforefaid, that plied.	then	itthall	and	may	be	lawful to and for the commiffioners of

his Majefty’s treafury, or any three of them, or the lord high ' treafurer for the time being, and he or they are hereby impow-ered, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, by or out of all or any of the aids or fupplies granted or to be granted by parliament, for or towards all or any of the naval fervices, and ' out of all or any of the revenues arifing or to arife to his Majefty, within the receipt, management, or government of all or

any

Digitized by L,ooQle

1775*3 Anno decuno quinto Georgii III. c. 34.	'	87

any of the feverat offices created and efiablifhed, or to be eredfed and eftablifhed by virtue of this aft, to order and dired, front time to time, fuch fum and fums of money as he or they (hall judge neceflary for arrfwering the purpofes aforefaid, and carry- . ing the intentions of this ad into effedual execution: favingSavingclaufc. always to all and every perfon and perfons, their heirs, execu* tors, and adminiftrators, and all bodies politick and corporate, and their fuccdlors, (other than and except the King’s moil excellent Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and other than fuch perfon or perrons feifed or poflefled in truft for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs,)a)! fuch eftate, right, title, intercft, and demand whatfoever, which they, or any of them, have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the faid palace called Denmark Houfe, otherwife Somcrfet Houfe, or to the faid capital meffuage, late called Buckingham Hcufe, and other the premifes, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withftanding. *

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commiffionert That the faid lords commiflioners of his Majefty's treafury now 0f the treafury or for the time being, or the lord high treafurer for the time be- indemnified ing, and each and every qther perfon and perfons authorifed by ******** thc7 them, or any three of them, to do any aft in execution of any J-Jltoceofthia* of the powers intended to be hereby vefted in them refpedively, ad. as aforefaid, are atid (hall be hereby indemnified for what they lhall do inpurfuance of this ad: and that if any adion fhall be Adion* to be brought or fuit commenced againft any perfon or perfons for .br°“ght wlth-any thing done in purfuance ofthis ad, or in relation to any of the premifes herein-before mentioned, every fuch adion or fuit *

(hall be laid or brought within three calendar months after the

fad committed; fuch adion fhall be laid in the county of Mid*

dlefcx, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in Defendant*

foch adion or fuit (hall and may be at liberty to plead the gene- m*y plead the

ral iffue, and give^this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence,	lffue.

without Ipecially pleading the fame: and this ad and every

claufe and matter therein fhafhbyali and every judge and other

perfon and perfons be conftrued and adjudged as largely and be-

ficially as can be for the end9 and purpofes herein exprefled.

* XXII. And it (s hereby declared to be a publick ad of parlia- Publick ad. ment; and all judges, Juftices, and others, are hereby required to take notice/thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. XXXIV.

An aft for encouraging the manufaftures of rat>e oil, and other vege-' fable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the duties on rape feed, and other jeeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Ireland to this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the twelfth year of the Preamble. reign of bis late majejly King Charles the fecond, (intituled% Ad nCar.*

* '	G	4	Ad

Digitized by CjOck e

88.	Anrfp	ctedmo qwsfd Qeorgu IIF. c. 34. [177$*

An adt for granting to his Majefty a fubfidy of tonnage and

poundage, and other fuips of money payable on merchandife

exported and imported,) heavy duties have, been impofed upon rape

feed, and upon oil extra fled from rape feed* and other vegetable oils

imported from Ireland, which duties, by an aft, pqffed in the eleventh?

I y	11 Geo. year of the. reign of bis late majefly King George the firjl,	havt

1.	made p?r* feen perpetual \ and the faii duties have been found by expert~ p^ual,

erne to amount to a prohibition of the importation of the Jaid commodities from his Majefiys faid kingdom of Ireland t and whereas this kingdom, not being able to fuppiy Us own confnmption, is obliged t*' pur chafe large quantities of oils of different forts from foreigners» in the place of many of which forts now imported on low duties* oils mad* ih this kingdom of rape feed imported from Ireland might be advantageous fubjlituted, and particularly for the ufe of the woollen manufacture : and whereas there is reafon to apprehend that there may be a deficiency in the quantity of whale oil, and other fifb oil, fo neceffary for a variety of manufaftures, which deficiency may be bejl provided againft by a Jupply of vegetable oil to be manufactured in this kingv dom \ may it therefore pleaje your Majefly that it may be one fted 5 and bfe it enadted by the King’s rfioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-After Aug I. thority of the fame. That from and after the»firft day of Augufl% ,775VW,r* 11 °ne thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, whenever the be above t?\. Pr,cc middling Britifb rape feed, at the ports and places jo*, perlaft, where rape feed mall be imported into this kingdom, (hall spall tot merdu-pear, according to the methods directed by the feveral adts of tie* on fbeh pailiatnent for afeertaining the rates and prices of corn and f%mTiSInd 8rain ^nnported; to be at or above the price of Seventeen pounds lhall cealcj and ten killings per laft, all duties heretofore impofed upon or payable on account of any rape feed, or other feed commonly made ufe of for the purpole of extra&ing oil from the feme, imported from Ireland> (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer and in lieu paid -} and in lieu thereof, there /hall be paid to his Majefty, his tnneof 1 s. per heirs and fucceffors, a duty of one fhilling jfreHaft, ind no more, latt (hall be Up0n aj| rapC fccc^ an(j Upon aj| other feeds commonly made more.aU n<> u^c °F For the fpurpofe of extracting oil therefrom, fuch feeds being of the growth of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

How duties II. And be it further enadted. That the faid duties (hall bo arc to be col- levied, collected, paid, and applied, in fuch and the feme man* an<*ap ncfr* an<* ^ fut*h anc^ ^amc u^es an<^ PurPa^8> as duties F IC<i*	granted by the faid a<5t of the twelfth year of the reign of his

late majefty King Charles the fecohd are direQed to be levied* collected, paid, and applied.

Race cik t III. And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefeid, for manure That from and after the firft day of Avgujl next, it (hall and ported^from maY be *aw^uI to imp<>rN into any part of Great Britain, from lieUndduty- Ireland, all rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed, commonly fice.	Wed for the purpofe of manure, duty-free,

CAP,

/

Digitized by Google

1775*] Anno dccimo^uinto GeorgII HI. 0.35* 36.

89.

CAP. XXXV.

Alt aR to permit the Jree importation of raw goat Jkins into this kingdom for a limited time.

WHEREAS i( would tend greatly to encourage and improve Preamble.

the manufacture of red, green, and blue leather, in this ling-dam, if the importation of raw and undr effed goat Jkins dutyfree was permitted for a limited time; may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be euafted: and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of theifame* That from and*	10*

after the twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and^fj feven ty-five, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or may beim-perfonsto import and bring into this kingdom, in BritiJbA>\ii[\. ported from (hips or veffels, navigated according to law, from any .port or I^Vom* place whatfoever, any goat (kins raw or undfefled, without pay- duty-fa^ ing any fubfidy, cuftom, or other duty whatfoever for the fame, 5 years, for the fpace of five years, from the (aid twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding..

ll.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the Due entry of authority aforefaid. That due entry (hall be made of all fuch fuch g°aU goat (kins at the cuftpmhoufe belonging to the port into which madVanhe the fame (hall be imported, in fuch manner and form as was ufed cuftom houfe j and pradifed before the making of this a6f; an<J fuch goat fkjns (hall be landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms appointed for that purpofej. and if any perfon or and on de-perfons* upon the importation of fuch goat (kins, (hall not ob- fault, to be ferve and perform thefaid rules and regulations hcrein'^forc^l^y°i]gr-

mentioned, every fuch perfon (hall be liable to pay fuch and the ^...

fame duties as fuch goat (kins would have been fubjeft and liable to if this a 61 had not .been made, any thing-herein contained ro the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. XXXVI.

An qCI to explain and amend an aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, intituled. An a61 to enable the fpeaker of the houfe ot commons to iflue his warrants t6 make out new writs for the choice of members to ferve in 'parliament, in the room of fuch members as (hall die during the recefs of parliament 5 and for enabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to make out new writs for the choice of members to Jerve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as Jhall during the Yecefs of parliament become peers of Great Britain, and be fifintnoned to parliament \ and for fufpendtng the execution of the faid atl with refpefl to the borough <?/Shaftefbury, in the county fUdrtet, during the next recefs of parliament.

WHEREAS by an atl, poffei in the tenth year of his prefent Preamble.

Majefly's reign, {intituled, An a61 to enable the fpeaker of AftioGm 3. K	the	recited.

Digitized by

Anno deprrio quinto GeoRGH III. c.%6. [1775/

the houfe of commons to ifliie his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to ferve in parliament, in the room of fuch members as (hall die during the recefs of parliament,) the fpeaker of the houfe of commons is required to ijftubis warrants to the clerk of the crown to make out new writs in the room of members who die during a recefs of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, the deaths of fuch members havitfg been certified in writing to him under the hands of two members of the houfe of commons, and fourteen days notice being fir ft given by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons thereof and of his intentions to iffiie fuch warrants, by inferting futh notice in the London Gazette : and whereas inconveniences might arife if fuch notice jhould be inferted in the London Gazette, and fuch warrant Jbould be iffued by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, in the cafe of the death of a member, which Jhall not be certified to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons fo long before the aflual meeting of the houfe of commons for the difpatch of bufinefs as that the faid notice may be infert ed, and the fourteen days expire, before the faid meeting of the houfe of commons 5 or in the cafe of the death of a member againft whofe election or return a petition had been prefented to the houfe of commons, and was depending at the time of fuch prorogation or adjournment : for preventing the fame, beat declared and enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice arid content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of explanation tne fame* That nothing in the faid adf contained extends, of of laid lhall be conftrued to extend, to require the fpeaker of the houfe with refpedt to of commons to infert notice in the London Gazette, oi* ifliie his warrant to make out a new writ in the room of any member bcc^to LTvc*' deceafed, whoTe death (hall not be duly certified to the fpeaker la parliament. r^c houfe of commons fo long before the actual meeting of the houfe of commons for the diipatch of bufinefs as that the fpeaker of the houfe of commons may be able to infert notice thereof, and of his intention to iflue fuch warrant, fourteen days at the lead before fuch meeting of the houfe of commons; or 41	for the eledtion of a'member to ferve in parliament for any

county, (hire, city, borough, cinque-port, or place, in the room of any member deceafed, againft whofe election or return for fuch county, (hire, city, borough, cinque-port, or place, a petition had been prefented to the houfe of commons, and was adlually depending at the time of fuch prorogation or adjournment.

(beaker to H* And whereas it would tendJl illfurther to promote the purpofs ifce bis war- of the faid aft of the tenth year of bis prefent Majefly, and to prevent rants, during thofe inconveniences and diforders which may be occafioned for a recefs, for of more Jpccdy elections of members of the houfe of commons, if we clewing raem- provifions 0f the faid aft were extended to the cafes, of members who room of thofe fiall become peers of Great Britain, be it enadted by the authority become peers aforefaid. That from and after the end of this prefent feffion of of Great Bri- parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for the fpeaker of the taia*	houfe	of	commons	for	the time being, during the recefs of piuv

liamept

Digitized by.

Google

ton.

1775.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 37.	*	gx

liament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby required to iffue his warrants to the clerk of the crown, to make, out new writs for elefting members of the houfe of commons in the room of fuch members as (hall during fuch rccefs become peers of Great Britain, as foon as he (hall receive notice, by a certificate under the hands of two members of the houfe of commons, that a writ ofiummons hath been ifiued under the great feal of Great Britain to fiimmon the faid members to parliament.

III.	Provided alfo. That after the receipt of fuch certificate* The like no* the like notice in the London Gazette (hall be given by the fpeaker, tice to be giv-as is required in the cafe of members deceafed; and fuch noticfc cn M

and warrant (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame exceptions bers dcceafcd^ and regulations as are required by the (aid aft and by this pre-fent aft, in the cafe of notices to be given, and warrants to be ~ , iflfued in the room of members dying during a recefs.

IV.	And whereas it has appeared to the houfe of commons, that Speaker not

there was the mof notorious ' "	'

of members to Jerve in __ t

ofiafton	ShsfffburVj	m	m*	ivuruj vj IWI . unu ivwcf tuj

in emfequeme thereof \ and until the houfe of commons JhaU helve an Shatto opportunity of making a further enquiry into the per)ons concerned in the faid bribery and corruption, the houfe of commons have provided,' that n$ writ do ijfue for the elefling of a burgefs to fervein parlia- ' ment for the faid borough during the prefent Jeffion of parliament; but as it may happen that, durtng the next recefs of parliament, the fpeaker of the houfe of commons may, by virtue of the faid recited afl	'

of the tenth year of his prefent Majefly, be required to iffue his warrant to the clerk of the crown to make out a new writ for the ele fling of a burgefs to ferve in parliament for the faid borough of Shaftflbu-ry: and whereas the ijfuing fuch writ during the next recefs of parliament might tend to defeat thofe meafures which it may be proper to take in confequence of the faid notorious bribery and corruption; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the fpeaker of the houfe of commons (hall not be enabled, by virtue of the faid recited aft, to iflue his warrant to the clerk of the crown tb make out a new writ for the faid borough of Sbafton otherwife Sbaftfaury, in the county oLDorfet, during the (aid next recefs of parliament.

CAR xxxyn.

An afl io permit the importation of painted earthen ware, (except galley tiles,) the manufaflure of Europe, to be fold, in Great Britain, and for charging the fame With a duty ad valorem.

■^TtjTHEREAS by an afl of parliament, made in the third year preamble.

YV °f tb* reign of King Edward the Fourth, (intituled, Ccr-	,

tain merchandifes not lawful to be brought ready wrought into recited. w** tWs Tcalm 5 amongjl feveral articles therein mentioned, any manner of fainted wares are prohibited to be brought into this realm, to be uttered and fold within the fame: and whereas by the additional book of rotes,' made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty king '	*	w	V	George

Digitized by

Google

9%	*	Anno	dedmo	quinto	GeorGH III. c. 37. [1775.

Aft 11 Geo. i. George the Firfl, earthen ware of all forts, f except India or China recited. not f0 ft, uttered or fold, and not otherwife rated) the pound weight, broken or whole, is rated at ten-pence, which rate is confiderably under the true real value offucb earthen ware: and whereas, no twit h-JianJing the faid recited aft, great quantities of earthen were, made and painted in foreign pqfts of Europe, have been clandejlimly brought and itnported into this kingdomr and run on Jhore and bid here, and there is great reafon to believe that feveral parcels of Jack painted earthen ware, which have been entered not to be uttered or fold, and paid the duties impofed thereon by law, according to the rate '	before mentioned, of ten-pence the pound weight, have neverthtlefs

been afterwards fold and difpofed of in this kingdom, to the difeou-ragement of the manufaflures of this fort of ware carried on in feve-ral parts of Great Britain, and to the prejudice of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the China earthen ware imported by them being fubjut to a much higher duty: now, for remedy thereof, may it pleafe your Majejly that it may be enafttd; and be it enafted by the Bung’s mod excellent majefty, After June io, by and with the advice and confent of the Jords fpirityal and 1775, any fort* temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, of earthen	and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the

7h"mwu.g	twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-

faftureofEu- ^vc> lt fhaN and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to rope, may be import into this kingdom any fort of painted eartheo ware, being imported into the manufacture of Europe, to be uttered or fold in Great Bri-this kingdom, (except galley ^iles,) any thing in the before recited aft, (except galley made in the third year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth,

tiles )

Former rate of iod. per lb. to ceafe $

and inftead thereof, all earthen ware.

or any other aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the faid twentieth day of June, the before-mentioned rate of ten-pence the pound weight, for earthen ware of all fort’s (except India or China not to be uttered or fold, and not otherwife-rated) (ball be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and the feveral duties payable upon the importation of fuch earthen ware according to that rate, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid ; and in lieu and inftead thereof, all earthen ware (except India or China} not; otherwife rated, whether Ac ropay ioi. Pa*ntc^ or not, which, from and after the faid twentieth day of jos. for every June, (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, either for 1001. ad<vafo- private ufe, or to be uttered or fold in Great Britain, fhall be rem;	liable	to	and	pay	for	the	old	fubfidy,	granted	by	the	aft	of	ton-

noge and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the- reign of King Charles the Second, ten pounds ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds, according to the true value and price of fuch to be after-	earthen ware; to be afeertained by the oath or affirmation -of

tamed on oath the importer or proprietor thereof, in the prcfence of the cu-©t the impor- ftomer, colleftor, comptroller, and furveyor of his Msyefty’s cuftoms at the port of importation, or any two of them ; and the feveral further fubfidies, additional duties, and all other imports and duties whatsoever, to which fuch earthen ware was fubjeft and liable to, at the rate of ten*pence per pound weight,

o	befori

ter, &c.

Digitized by Google

*775*3 Anno decimo qutnto Georgii HI. c. 38, 39.	9J

before the making of this aCt, (hall in like manner be paid pro-portionably according to fuch value and price, and not according to any other Tate or value.

III. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Earthen ware Tbat fuch earthen ware (hall be fubjeCt and liable to the fatfie fubjeS to the rales, regulations, redriCtions, and forfeitures, that other uji- ^mc rat**» rated goods, undervalued by the importer or proprietor, are fid)-je& and liable to by law , and the feveral fubfidies, impofitions, &C4	9

acid duties, made payable by this ad upon fuch earthen ware. Duties, See. to SMI be raifed, levied, colle&ed, recovered, paid, and applied, beo^lettcd ito fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, ahd aad VrW*1 ** trader the like penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch^difcoums, ^cti^r,w allowances, and drawbacks, as the (aid former fubfidies and 1 * other duties were raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and* applied, and were fubjeCt and liable to; and all the powers, pe- and the pow-nahies, proyfions, articles, and claufes, contained in the feveralwhichthrant«l ads of parliament which granted or continued the fame rcfpec- th® fanfe^on-tively, (hall continue in full force and effect, and (hall be applied, tinued in full praCtifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, re- forte, covering, paying, and applying the faid refpeCtive fubfidies, im-pofitions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aCt, as fully and effectually, to all intents, and porpofes, as if the faid claufes, powers, and provifions, had been repeated and cnafted in the body of this prefent aCt.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An a£t for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice ot the year one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-five.

C A P. XXXIX.

An aft to impower jujiices of the peace to adminifter oaths where arty penalty is to be levied, or diftrefs to be made, in purfuanco of any atf ofparliament, wherein the fame is not exprefsly directed.

WHEREAS it is frequently necejfary for jujiices of the peace rtvamblt, to adminifter oaths or affirmations, where penalties are to be irviedy or diftrejfes to be made, in purfuanee of afis of parliaments which they have no power to adminifter, unlefs authorifed jo to do by fiub afts refpeftively; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent maT jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes where Tn all cafes any penalty is directed to be levied, or diftreis to be made, by where penal* any ad of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made,

AaHand may be lawful for any juftice or judtees aCting underunder tbc authority of fuch aCts refpeCtively, and he and they is andt&s, juffcices are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminider an oath orai*lnM>°?®red oaths, affirmation or affirmations, to any perion or perfons, thc purpofe of levying fuch penalties, or making fuch diftrefifes kryiog ru*Ch/ refpedivety.	penalties,	5rCfc*

' C AJ\

Digitized

Google

$4	Aftno	dcciiho	quinto GeoRGII III. C.40^ C1775-

CAP. XL.

An aft for amending and explaining an aft, pajfei in the fourteenth year of his Majeflfs reign, intituled, An adt to eftablifh a fund towards further defraying the charges of the adminiftration Of juftice, and fupport of the civil government within the province of Quebec, in America.

Preamble. XT7HEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the fourteenth year of hie Claafeinaft ** Majeflfs reign, (intituled, An adt to eftablifh a fund to-r^Geo. 3. wards further defraying the charges of the adminiftration of recited. juftice, and fupport of the civil government within the province df Quebec, in America,) it is, amongjl other things, enabled, That if any goods, chargeable with any of the duties in the faid aft mentioned, Jhall be brought into the faid province by land carriage* the fame Jhall pafs and be carried through the port of Saint John’s, near the river Sorrel; or if fuch goods Jhall be brought into the faid province by any inland navigation, other than upon the river Saint Lawrence, the fame Jhall pafs and be carried upon the faid river Sorrel by the faid port, and Jhall be there entered with and the faid rejpeftive rates and duties paid for the fame, to fuch officer or officers of his Moje-JlfscuJlomsasJhall be there appointedfor thatpurpofe; and if any Jucb goods coming by land carriage or inland navigation as aforefaid, Jhall pafs by or beyond the faid place before named without entry or payment of the faid rates and duties, or Jhall be brought into any part of the faid province by or through any other place whatfoever, the faid goods Jhall be forfeited \ and every perfon who Jhall be ajjijling, or other-wife concerned, in the bringing or removing fuch goods, or to wbofe hands the fame Jhall come, knowing that they were brought or removed contrary to this aft, Jhall forfeit treble the value offuch goods; to be ejfimated and computed according to the bejl price that each refpeftive commodity bears in the town of Quebec at the time fuch offence Jhall be committed; and all the horjes, cattle, boats, veffels, and other carriages whatfoever, made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance offuch goods, Jhall be forfeited and lojl,'and Jhall and may bt feized by any officer of bis Majeflfs cufloms, and profecuted as thereinafter mentioned: and whereas there is reafon to apprehend, that the regulations and rejlriftions contained in the faid herein before recited clau/cyfo far as they relate to the bringing of rum, brandy, or other fpirits, into the province of Quebec by land carriage, may, without further explanation, operate to the prejudice and difadvantage of the commerce carried on with the Indians in the upper or interior parts of the faid province, we, your Majeflf s mojl dutiful and loyal fub-jefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, do mofl Hi* Mayfly's ^umbly befeech your Majejly that it may be enafted; and be it en-fubjedts may adted by the king’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the ad-bring, by land vice and confept of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-or inland *a- mon8> in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority anyVa"t«of	famc>	That	it (hall and may be lawful to and for all his

Quebec, not Majefty’s fubjedls freely to bring, carry or c<?nvev, by land car-hcrctofpre _ riage, or inland navigation, into any parts of the province of a	Quebec,

Digitized by

Google

i7;5;] Anno dfecimo quiflto Georgix III. €*41.	9$

Quebtc, not heretofore comprehended within the limits therecff comprehended by his Majefty’s royal proclamation of the feventh of OSiober^ in the royal onethoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, any quantity of rum, brandy, or other fpirits, any thing contained in the before- any recited a6t of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wife of rum, bran-notwithftanding.	^y,	bcc.

C A P. XLI.

An aft for redeeming the fum of one million of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in the manner and on the terms therein mentioned; and for efUblifoing a lottery.

Preamble. Bodies politick, kc. who have fignified their content to the terms aforefaid to receive from the governor of the bank a certificate of the fums fubfctfbed, &c. Treafury to apply a fum fufficient to difcharge cite moiety, which fubfcribers arp to receive by July 5, 1775. Remaining moiety to be paid before Oft. 20,1775. Bank to tranfmit an exaft lift of 3d) perfons inti tied to the 3 per cent, annuities. Perfons who have fubferib-ed their names, &c. to have their intereft till July 5,1775. Payment of one quarter’s annuity to be ordered by the treafury to be made to July 1775. Annuities payable to ftand redeemed; ana after July 5,1775, to ceite. Perfons forging certificates to be adjudged guilty of felony. Sub-ienbers to receive at the bank of England, tickets in the lottery, in the proportion of fix tickets for every 100I. Carriers to give Securities ro the commiflioners of the treafury, for paying the monies into the exchequer. Treafury to apply the money to the fervices voted this feifion. 600,0001. to be divided into prizes ; and paid into the bank out of the fuppiies granted this fdfion. Managers and aireftbrs of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cafoiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoied tickets, with an account of the mo-niespaidin. Undifpqfcd tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and faflened with thread or (ilk; and cot ofi indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and iealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 1000I. to each firft drawn tickets of the firft 3 Days, and 1000L to the laft drawn. Tickets of theoutermoft columns of thelaft-men-tioned book to be rolled up and tied. Publick'notice to begivenof putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing 011 13 Nov. 177+*

Method robe obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Disputes to be adjufted by the managers.

Penalty on torging tickets, kc. Felony. Offenders being out of pnfon difeovering perfons guilty, to be free and have 50I. reward. Provifo.

Managers to be fwofn. The oath. Calhier may receive the fums fubfc.ib-td, before receiving the lottery book, and to give a note for the fame; the tpartrs iutitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for eyery nl, 10s. fo paid. Conttbutors not making good their payments wirhin the times limited, forfeit their depofits with refpeft to the lottery; and the tickets for foch fums to be delivered ba*ck into the exchequer. Treafury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expenCes. Limitation of the fale of chances, kc. Penalty. Office-keepers kc. felling fhares in tickets of which they are not poffeffed, forfeit <001, and 3 months imprifonment. Offences committed in Ireland againft afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, wide punifhable, and the penalties may be filed for in Dublin. The fum of 600,©ool. payable in refpeft of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this feflion; and after the drawing is com* pleted, (hall be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c.

Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept tor entering the names of peridot bringing tickets to be exchanged, kc. Certificates to be figned,

.	kc.

1

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo quinto Georgii Ifl. c.42.	[1775.

tea Treafurer to difcharge all Incident charges attending the executiqp of this aft. No fee to be taken for receiving nr paying the contribution-monies, or for ifTuing receipts of monies, on penalty of ao 1. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. XLII.

An aft for granting to his Ma[efty a certain fum of money out of tfcfc finking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned tor the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and feventy-five) and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this lemon of parliament.

V

Preamble, Not exceeding 1,915,5511.169. 11 d. 3q; granted out of the fund, for the fervice of the current year; to be illued by the treafiiryr accordingly. Treafury impowered to raife the faid fum, or any para thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the (inking fund. All perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money with intereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in pay* ment. No fee to be taken on forfeiture of treble damages, with full caft*. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftery or payment. Auditor* &c. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, 6cc. to be recovered at Weit-minfter. No undue preference in the regittering, where orders are brought the fame day $ nor if fubfequent orders are paid betore others not brought in courfe, (o as money be referved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raile the faid fum by exchequer biUs inltead of loans; and the bills in (uch cafe to be made as thofe prescribed by the malt aft of this feflion. All advantages and penalties in the malt aft of this feflion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the (inking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majefty the fum of 1,915,5521. 16s. nd. 3q. not with ftandr infc aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. The fum of 895,616!. 13 s. 10 d. iq. furplus of the (inking fund in the exchequer on April 5, 17753 and luch mo* nies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5,1775, and April 5,1776, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic) 10,9761. x8s. id. remaining in the exchequer of the duties of rictexpori-ed, and apples.im ported, cam bricks and fugars, granted by aft 6 Geo. 3% and monies paid by counties who have not raifed the militia j and of the impreft monies remaining lor the difpofition of parliament. 15,000 b for fupporting the necelfary expences ot forces in America, Nova Scotia, New* foundland, and the ceded iflands, out of the monies to be paid into the exchequer on April 5,1776. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies ariflng by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and 895,686b 13 s. tod.

1 q. remaining |in the excheqoer on April 5, 1775, for the difpofition of parliament; and fuch monies as (ball be paid into the exchequer between April 5,1775, ane April 5, 1776, of the produce of the duties on Gum Se« nega and Gum Arabic; and 10,976!. i8s. id. of the monies on rice exported, and duties on apples imported, and on cambricks and fugars, by aft 6 Geo. 3. &c. the money paid by counties who have not raifed mi* litia 3 and the impreft monies remainingfor the difpofition of parliament) and 1,915,55*1.16s. nd. 3q. by this aft granted out of the exccflct, Jfcc. compofing the (inking fund; together with the money ariflng from the (ale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war $ and alfo fuch fums of money as his Majefty (hall direft to be applied to the public fervice, which (hall arife by the fate of the ceded iflands in. the Weft Indies. Not exceeding 1,678,059b 15s. lod. to be ifl'ued out of the (applies towards naval fervices. Not exceeding 6000b to the royal bofpital for feau»en at Greenwich, See. 228.059b is. 7d. charges of the office of ordnance; 32,748 b 5s. 3d. for charges of the office of ordnance not provided for in *774. Not exceeding 1,581,0^11. 9 s. 9 d. 3 q. towards the land foroest of which 627,689b 19s. 4d. for defraying the charges of 17,547 d&ftivf

men

1

•igiti^ed by C:

*775*3 Anno declmo quinto Georgii III. C.43,44.'	97

’ Jfceti,&c. and 151* invalids, far guards,Src. in Great Britain, Sec. 371,1161.

)o4. and i-Sth of a penny, for forces and garrifons in Africa; *,8741.

48. o d. to make good the difference of pay between the Brittfh and Irifh cftabiUhment of the troops in the Ifle of Man,Sec.; 11,4731. t8 s. 6 d. »q. for general and general ftaff officers in Great Britain. Not exceeding 205,3161. 16 a. 8 d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and ma-lioes ; S70I. 3a. od. to the two troops of horfe guards reduced, Sec. 6x81. to the penfioas of officers widows, Sec. 67,70 61. is*, id. for the augmentation of the forces; 9,(36!. 10*. yd. to make good the difference between BritUh and‘Irifh pay of certain troops, Sec. ias,iti 1. 15 s. 5d. to the out-penfioners of Chelfca Mofpital. Not exceeding *$*,5371. 7s. lod. 1-8th of a penny, towards extraordinary ex pence* of the land forces, and other fbrriees incurred, and not provided tor. 1,150,000!. for difeharging ex* chequer bills of left feffion. 11,5781. 14 s. 9 d. to make good to Jhis Mi-the like fum iffued in purfuance of the addreffes of the houfe of com* moils. 4,3461. 10s. 5d. for Supporting the civil eftabliftimtnt of Nova Scoria. Not exceeding 8,0861. for the civil eftabliffiment of Georgia |

4j9$o1. for the civil eftabiithment of Eaft Floridaj 54501 for the civil eSabtiSMnent of Weft Florida i 1,8851. 4s. for defraying expences attend* iag furveys in North Amerca. 13,0001. for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa; 6,3361. 9d. 1 q. for fupporting the civil cftabiUhment of Senogambva. Not exceeding 30001. to the truftees of the Britiffi Mufe-sm, See. 5000]. to the governor, Sec. of merchants of England trading	•

to the Levant Seas; 6,998,109. 7d. 00 account of the expence of new roads. See. in the Highlands of Scotland in 1771,1451, to Mr. Mackenzie, for engraving charts of the coafts of Ireland, Sec. 3,7111. 15 s. to Mr. Wallet de Barres for engraving charts of North America,Scc. 46,8461.

9*. 3d. to the bank of England for receiving the deficient gold coin;

*9*« the extraordinary charge of his Msjefty's mint; 50001.	.

granted to his Majefty, to affift the inhabitants of Barbaaoes, in deanfing the channel. Sec. 1,684 k 15 s. 10 d. to make good the like fum paid for preventing the inte&ious diftemper among the homed cattle; 550 I. to Mr. JtichardJon, out of the monies railed by the file of French prices, foe kis difeovery of the effect of Mr. Manning; 880,cool, granted to his Ma-to be payable to perfons who have fubferibed their capital of 3 per cent. Sec. Not exceeding 45,4461. 8s. id. to the finking fund to make good the deficiency on July 5,1774. *i*»5*8 1. 1 s. 3d. 1 q. to make good the deficiency of grants for toe fervice of 1774 The faid aids to be applied only (9 the u»e* before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the half pay. By ad 14 Geo. 3. a fum not exceeding	9

207,5151. 19 s. id. was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers.

Overplus monjes, above fatisfying faid officers, to be difpofed of to officers riw were maimed, Src. in the late wars, or to officers widows* and chH* dm, ns his Majefty (hall dirc&.

CAP. XLIII.

Am m& for lighting and watching the hamlet of Highgate, in the county

of Middlefex.

CAP. XLIV.

Am aft to continue, for a limited time, fo much of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled. An idt for granting to his Majefty a fum of money, to be raifed by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, as obliges the faid company to export annually goods and merchandifes of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain to their fittlemtnts in the Eaft Indies to a eertain value.'

Vol; XXXI.	H	WHERE-

Digitized by

98	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c.44.	[1775*

..	.. XX7 HE REAS 1/ is expedient that the provtftons in an aff9 made

\ V V in the thirteenth year of the reign qj bis prefent Majejly, [in-Aft 13 Geo. 3. tituled9 An aft for granting to his Majefty a fum of money* to be raifed by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to . the Eajl Indies,) by which the faid company are required to export annually, during the term of two years, goods and merchandises9 of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, to the Britilh Settlements within the limit$ preferibed by the faid company's charter, for their carrying on an exchtftve trade in the Eaft Indies, or- elfe-where, to a certain value, Jhould be continued for a further time j be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty* by and witty the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and After Sept.t9r by the authority of the fame. That during the term of three years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth day of September, to* xportPany one thoufand ^cven hundred and feventy-five, the faid united goodstoa company, or their fucceflors, (hall, and are hereby required to certain a- export from Great Britain, in each and every year, during fuch the-term, to the Britijb fettlements within the limits preferibed by menu iiTln-* tJ)e company’s charter, for their carrying on an exclufivc d»a,yearly,for trade in. the Eaft Indies, or elfewhere, upon the account of the three years, faid company, or their fuTcceflors, in their courfe of trade, ex-clufive of what may be exported by their fervants or private , traders licenfed by the faid company, or their fucceflors, fuch goods and merenandifes, of the growth, produce, or manu-k fafture of Great Britain, as (hall amount in value to the fum of ' three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven Military and pounds in each and every fuch year; but the amount of the va-navalftores lue of the military and naval (lores fo exported (hall not be not	. eftcemed or reckoned as part of the faid fum of three hundred

eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds per Company to -Annum \ and the faid company, or their fucceflors, mall, on or give fecurity, before tbe firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and of double the feventy-fix, and on or before the firft day of June, one thoufand edmfme ^cvcn hundred and feventy-feven, and on or before the firft day ^xjK)rtation of June* onc thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, give Lee goods, fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, under the common feal of the faid company, or of their fucceflors, in the penal fum of double the faid fum of three hundred eight thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven pounds, for the due exportation of the faid goods and mefehandifes annually, to the amount of the faid fum of three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thiny-feven pounds, according to the real value of fuch goods and merchandifes in this kingdom at the time of fuch exportation, or of the purchafe thereof, by or on the be-Treafurer, &c. half of the faid company, or their fucceflors; which fecurity thp to take the high treafurer, or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury fecurity. for t|ie time being, or any three or more of fuch commiflioners, Account to be is or are hereby authorised to take \ and the faid company, or given yearly,	' their

Digitized by Google

.1775*]	Anno decimo quinto GeoRGIi III. c. 45.	v

their fucceflors, (hall, on or before the thirty-firft day of October, figned by two one thoufand (even hundred and feventv-Gx, and on or before diredtors, of the thirty-firft day of Oftobery one thouland feven hundred and the 8°°^* e*-feventy-feven, and on or before the thirty-firft day of Oflober, P0Itcd>&c# one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, deliver to the faid high treafurer or commiflioners, an account in writing, figned by two or more of the directors of the faid company for the time being, fpecifying the particular goods and merchan-difes which (hall have been fo exported in every fuch year, in purfuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the faid true and real values of fuch goods and merchandifes, with the names of the (hips in which the fame were reipectively fo exported; and which account (hall be ve- to be verified rified on oath, made before any one juftice of the peace, (which UP0Q oath* oath fuch juftice is hereby authorifecTand required to adminifter,) by the proper officers or fervants of the faid company, or their - N ftKcceflors, who (hall keep their bpoks for the entry of goods outwards, to the bed of their knowledge: and if it (nail appear Bonds to be to the fatisfa&ion of the faid high treafurer or commiffioners, delivered-that goods and merchandifes (hall have been agreeably to the if ^u*y ,Pcr-dire&ions of this aft exported as aforefaid in the refpedhve year, formcd* in relation whereto each bond (hall have been fo given ; then, in each and every fuch cafe, the faid high treafurer or commif-fioners (hall caufe fuch bond to be delivered up; but in tafe no fuch account (hall be delivered, as herein before mentioned, or bot If other* if it (hall appear that the faid goods and merchandifes exported w*f*» <l,ch within the term mentioned in any fuch bond (hall, not have amounted to fuch value as aforefaid, of that any fuch account	c	*:

(hall appear not to be truly made, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid high treafurer or commUfioners to caufe each and every fuch bond to be profecuted according to law, unlefs he or they (hall find fufficient caufe to forbear the fame.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Goods exported, That in cafe the faid company, or their fucceflors, (hajl ^"aboU in any one of the faid three years export, or caufe to be export- lvalue**, ed, fuch goods and merchandifes, of the growth, produce, or mentioned, to manufacture of Great Britain, exceeding in value the Turn of be allowed jn three hundred eighty thoufand eight hundred and thirty-feven the facceeding pounds; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid excefs (hall from time ycar* to time be taken into the account of the exports of fuch goods and merchandifes by the faid company, or their fucceflors, in aftd for the next fucceeding year, and (hall be allowed and con* fidered as part thereof.

CAP. XLV.

An aSi for allowing the cloathing and accoutrements neceffary for his Majeftys forces, paid out of his Majejly s revenues arifing in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to nhe places where fuch forces are ordered to fervt, and for granting a bounty upon ' flax it id imported into Ireland fot a limited time.

WHEREAS a part of his Majefty s forces, whuh are paid Preamble* out of his Majejly's revenues arifsng in the kingdom of Ire-

H 2	land)

Digitized by

Google

loo	Anno decimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 45.	[1775.

land, [the difference between Britifti and Irifh pay only excepted,) do now feme* and may hereafter be ordered to ferve, out of the faid kingdom \ and it is highly reasonable and fit that the cloathing and accoutrements neceffary for fuch forces fhould be allowed to be exported from Ireland to the place where they Jball fo ferve; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted, and be it enabled by . the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the After Aug. 1. fame, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, onethoufand *775,inbabi- feven hundred and feventy-five, it (hall and maybe lawful for hnd*mayrex- any Perf°n or perfons inhabiting in the faid kingdom of Ireland, port cl oath- t0 export directly from thence any cloathing or other accoutre-fng,&c. from ments, being the produce and manufacture of Great Britain or thfence,forthefor theufeof the faid troops or forces, (paid in manner icfty0,*tr<wpsa^‘before mentioned,) to any Britijh colony or plantation in Arne-abroad onlrifli rtca% or t0 any of his Maiefty’s forts or garrifons, or to any fo-pay, being reign country, upon his Majefty’s fervice, any law or ulage to Bntiih or IrHh the contrary notwithftanding.

manufacture.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the

Matters of authority aforefaid. That the mafter, or other perfon taking (hips to pro- charge of the (hip or veflel, (hall produce to the collector or duce certifi- proper officer of the cuftoms at the port where fuch cloathing proir°offi- ancl accoutrements (hall be (hipped, or intended to be (hipped, cers, that the f°r exportation, and alfo to the collector or proper officer of fhipper had the cuftoms in the colony or plantation where he (hail arrive, a duly exported certificate, under the hand and feal of the chief governor in Ire-h* land, (which certificate fuch governor is hereby required to grant without fee or reward,) that oath had been made by the (hip-per of fuch cloathing or accoutrements, before one of his Ma-jerty’s juftices of the peac$ for the province from whence fuch cloathing and accoutrements (hall be exported, that fuch arti-,	cles (expreffing the number, quantity, and fpecies, of the fame)

sye of the produCt and manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it has been made appear to his fatisfaCfcion, by a certificate from the agent to the regiment, or perfon properly au-thorned to provide the fame, that fuch articles are really and bona fide defigned for the ufe of his Majefty’s troops and forces, paid in manner before mentioned, and then employed in fuch •*	colony or plantation, or in fuch forts, garrifons, or foreign

On failure of country, as aforefaid, in his Majefty’s fervice; and on failure of fuch certifi- producing fuch certificate from fuch chief governor, fuch cloath-c*tc, the vcf.

ing or other accoutrements found on board any fuch (hip or fcjtsd&cT* ve^e^» an^ r*lc ve^e* importing the fame, (hill be liable to be *	* feized and forfeited in the fame manner as they would have

been fubject and liable if this aCf had not been made, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IK. And whereas by virtue of an aft of parliament made in Ireland, the third year of his Majefiy s reign> a premium or bounty of five /hillings per hogjhsad is now allowed and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom, upon the importation of flax feed, which bounty is net

at

Digitized by Google

J775*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45.	*oi-

at this time fufficient to anfwer the good purpofes intended thereby; and it is expedient that fonts further encouragement Jhould be given, ™^anad9 for a limited time, to induce the importation offlax feed into Ireland* dftfenal in order to promote and encourage the linen manufactures of that bounty of 5 s kingdom \ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, per hogfoead, That from and after the firft day of January, one thouiand fev*n hundred and feventy-fix, for ana during the fpacc of two fcnttounty?* years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of to be allowed parliament, a further bounty of five (hillings per hoglhead (hall on flax feed be allowed for all flak feed imported into thAtingdom of Ire-	int0

land 1 and it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners oftrc “ * his Majefty’s cufloms in Enghnd9 or any four or more of them, Receiver ge-to order the faid bounty hereby granted to be paid by the re- neral of the ceiver general of the cufloms, out of any money in his hands cuitom* in arifing by any of the duties or revenues under their manage- pang[hedfaM meat, to the importer or importers of fuch flax feed, or to his or their afligns duly authorifed to receive the lame, upon his or porters, their producing a certificate, under the hand and feal of office of the colle&or and comptroller of the cuftpms at the port in Ire-land where fuc|» flax feed was imported and landed, certifying tificate from" the number of bogfheads fo landed, with the name of the (hip the collector, apd mailer in which* and the place from whence, and by whom, &c* where aod at what time, the fame was imported ; and that the bounty granted by the before-mentioned a<ft of parliament, made in wa* lm*°r Ireland* bad been paid and allowed for the fame.

IV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That if the agent of any regiment, or perfon authorifed to If any agent provide the before-mentioned cloathing and accoutrements, or aoy officer of,the cufloms, (hall give or grant any falfe certifi- fajfe certificate for any of the purpofes required or directed by this adt, fuch cate, perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, aod be rendered incapable of ferving his Majefly, his heirs or fucceflors, in any office whatfoever j and if any perfon or perfons nr erafe or (lull counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify, any certificate required couDteffot or diredted by this adfc, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufeof any falfe certificate, or of any certificate fo counterfeited, (hall forfeit erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every 500I. fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and every n0w forfe?-flach certificate (hall be invalid and of no effect; one moiety of tures are to be which penalty (hall pe to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and applied* and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the	*° ^

cufloms as (hall fue or profecute for the fame, in any of his Ma-	*

jetty's courts of record at IVeJimiuJier or Dublin, or in any court ot. admiralty, having jurisdiction in his Majefty’s colonies or ifltod* refpedlively wherethe offence (hall be committed.

H

CAP.

Digitized by

Goc ^le

Loi	Anno	decimo	qainto Georgii HI. C. 46. [1775-

CAP. XLvr.

An aft for amending and rendering more effeftutl an , pajfed im the eleventh year ofhisprefetit Majejly's reign, intituled, An aft tor regulating and improving the fiftieries in the river Tweed9 and the rivers and ftreams running into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river.

Preamble. TI7 H E RE AS in and by an aft, made in the eleventh yfar of Aft x i Geo, 3« V V the reign ofUs prefent Majejiy, intituled, An ad for regu- ' lating and improving the fiftieries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and ftreams running into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river, certain proviftons and regulations were ejlablijbed for the prefervation and improvement If the ffberies in the faid river T weed: and whereas the faid provifions and regulations have proved very beneficial to the owners anfl proprie-tors offfberies in the faid river, and the rivers andJlrearns running into the Jamey and have greatly contributed to the prefervation of thefi/b therein: but whereas Jeveral inconvemencies and defefts have occurred in the execution of the faid aft; for remedy whereof, and in order to amend and render the faid ad more effedual, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded5 and be it enaded by the • „	King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. After May 11, That from and after the twelfth day of May, one thoufand feven i^.perfoiu hundred and feventy-five, if any perfon or perfons (hall fi(h for &?inwithmthe any ^a^mon» faloaon trout, or whitling, in the faid river riverTweed, Tweed, orin any river, rivulet, brook, or ftream,of in any mill pool, mill lead, fluice, or cut, which communicates with the faid river Tweed, at any time or times between the tenth day of Oc~ tober and the tenth day of January in any year, or between ten of the clock on Saturday night and two of the clock on Monday not exceeding morning; or (hall, at any time or times after the faid twelfth 10I. nor lefs day of May, fifti for any falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whit-the boats* l,ng» w^in the mouth or entrance of the faid river Tweed\ ne's &c!tpbe every fuch perfon or perfons fo firtiing (hall, for every fuch of-flettroyed. fence, forfeit any fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, 4	nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the juftice or (he.-

riff-depute by whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convicted, together with the boats, tackle, nets, engines, and all 1 other devices made ufe of in firtiing for any fuch fi(h ; and all fuch boats, tackle, nets, engines, and other devices, fo forfeited, fh^ll be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, by the direction <?f jhe jyjftice or (heriff-depute by whom (uch offender or pffenders (hall be convicted.

Nets or en- II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That gines found in if any ring net, bob net, or any other engine or device whatfo-thc	ever, (hall be placed in the faid river Tweed, or in any river, ri-

to bp ddtroy- vuj^t> brqok, or ftream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, fluice, or cu£ which compiunicates with the faid river Tweedy at any tiqi?

W

See, between Oft 10, and Jan. fo.thall forfeit, for each Offence,

/

Digitized by Google

1775-3 Anno dcdrtio quinto Georgii III. C. 46.	105

or times between the faid tenth day of Qftober and the tenth day of January in any yeaiv-(the placer or fetter of which ring net, bob net, or other engine or device, is unknown and cannot be found,) it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or performs to feize the fame, and with all convenient fpeed to carry the ' fame before any juftice of the peace, or (heriff-depute, for the liberty or place where the faid net, engine, or other device, (hall bare been found (landing; and if, upon due proof made thereof, the faid net or nets, engine, or other device, (hall be found by the faid juftice or (heriff-depute to have been placed in the faid river Tweedy or in any river, rivulet, brook, or dream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, fluice or cut, which communicates with .the (aid river Tweedy contrary to the intent and meaning of the faid former and this prefent ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or (heriff-depute to caufe the fame in his prefence to be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwife dcftroyed.

I1L And be it further enabled. That from and after the faid Perfom in twelfth day of Mayy if any perfon or perfons (hall have in his, wl,ofe cuttodjr her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, any falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling, at any time or times, between the tenth day ^ found dur-of Oftofier and tne tenth day of January, in any year, the proof iog the time that fuch falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling,was not taken or atorefoid, to killedwithin the faid river Tweedy or in any river, rivulet, brook, jProve tha* or dream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, fluice, or cut, which {Sken^tbc communicates with the faid river Tweedy between th.e faid tenth Tweed; day of Oftober and the tenth day of January, (hall lie upbn the penon or perfons in whofe cuftodv or pofleflion any fuch falmon, falmon trout, or whitling, (nail be found, between the faid tenth day of Oftober and the tenth day of Januarjy or otherwife otherwife fuch fuch falmon, gilfe, falmon trout, or whitling, (hall be deemed, ^ bc within the meaning of the faid former adt, to have been taken have*becn or killed in the faid river Tweedy or in fome river, rivulet, brook, uken in the or dream, or in fome mill pool, mill lead, fluice or cut, which.faid river * and communicates with the faid river Tweed; and the perfon or per- the perfons bp (oqsin whofe cuftody or pofleflion fuch filh (hall be fo found, within fte time aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay, and be liable to i&efbrmerath the fame penalty or penalties which he or they would have forfeited end paid, and would have been liable to by virtue of the faid former abl, in cafe he or they had taken or killed fuch fi(h in the faid river Tweedy ot in fome river, rivulet, brook, or dream, or in fome mill pool, mill lead, fluice or cut, which communicates with the faid river Tweedy between the faid tenth day of Oftober and the tenth day of January.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all juftices of the peace juftices, &c. within that part of Great Britain called Englandy the town of may aft as Berwick upon Tweedy or the bounds and liberties thereof, and all fuch, norwith-juftices of the peace, or (heriffs-depute, within that part of Great j^*!1 Britain called Scotlandy (hall and .may adt as juftices of the peace, ecHn the filh-" or (heriffs-depute refpedlively, in the execution of the faid for- erics, mer or this prefent adt, for the county, (hire, liberty, or place, where *ny offender or offenders againft the faid former or this

H 4	prefcaf

Digitized by

Google

Convi&ions of offenders to be certified by the juftices to the next quarter feffions.

Form of conviction.

Cenviftiona to be valid, and pot remove-able by Certiof-rari.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Powers, 8cc. of the former aSt extended to this aft.

Anno dedmo quinto GeorGII III. C. 46. [1775.

prefent aft (hall be or refide, notwithftanding fuch juftices or iheriffs-depute are interefted in the filheries of the faid river Tweed.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the conviftion and convi&ions, adjudication and adjudications, of alL and every offender or offenders againft this aft, within that part of Great Britain called England, the town of, Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, (hall be certified by the juftice or juftices of the peace, by dV before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county or place where the offender (ha& be convifted, and (hall be filed amongft the records of the faid feffions; and fuch conviftion and adjudication (hall be in the following form of words, or to the like effeft, (that is to fey:)

To wit

day of

4	U) 4^ VI HUiVIIUlilg «UU IVUUV1IIIC MIV» w v»-

feftual an aft, paffed in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for regulating and improving the fi/berie$ in the river Tweed, and the riven and firearm running into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or fntrance of the faid river: and he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the faid offence the fum of

Given under my [or our] hand and feal [or bands and feahy as the cafe (hall happen,] the day andyear above written.

Which faid conviftion and adjudication (hall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be qua(hed, fet afide, or judged void or infufficient, for want of form only; and (hall pot be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Mi* jetty’s court of King’s Benchy but (hall be deemed and taken to be nnal to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That all the penalties and forfeitures impofed by this aft (hall and may be recovered and levied in the fame manner, before the fame juftices or fheriffy* depute refpeftively, and within the (aid time, and with the fame power of appeal, as any penalties or forfeitures impofed by the (aid former aft can or may be recovered or levied by virtue thereof; and that all the claufes, powers,and authorities,containcd in the faid former aft, (hall be deemed and taken to extend and (hall extend to this aft, as fully and efteftually as if the fame were herein again repeated and re-enafted; and that nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fet afide or repeal any penalties impofed by the faid former aft, for offences committed againft the faid former aft,

V»,Apd

Digitized by

Google

1775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii JU. c.46.	105

VIL And be it further enacted. That no adtion at law (hall Limitation of be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any actions, thing done or to be done by virtue of this adt, within that part of Great Britain called Englandthe town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, until after fourteen days notice thereof in writing (hall be given to the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch adtion (hall be intended to be fo brought, or left at hit or their laft or ufual place of abode, Jetting forth the caufe of Inch adtion; and that every adtion brought for any thing done, or to be done, as aforeiaid, (nail be brought within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the caufe of complaint fhall arife, and (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fadt Was committed, and not elfewhere: and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general iiTue, and give this adt, General itioe. and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof; and if on the trial of fuch adtion it (hall appear that the fame was brought before the expiration of fourteen days next after fuch notice (hall have been fo given or left as aforefaid, or after the end of fix calendar months next after the caufe thereof (hall have arifen; or if fuch adtion (hall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid, or after fufficient tender of amends mall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved; that Chen, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, the jury (nail find for the defendant or defendants therein: and in all cafes where any ver-dift (hall be found for any defendant or defendants in fuch adtion; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinue the fame, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or (hall be non-fuited ; or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedies for recovering Treble cofts. the fame, as defendants have for recovering their cofts in other cafes by law,

VIII.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Limitation of no adtion (hall be brought againft any perfon or perfons, for any g^and? tiring done or to be done by virtue of this adt, or by virtue of

the bid former adt, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, within that part of Great Britain called Scot-lend, unlefs fuch adlion (hall be commenced within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the caufe of complaint (hall arife; and in all fuch adtions the defendant or defendants, if abfolved or afioilatd from the adtion, (hall have and be intitled to their full cofts of fuit.

IX.	And be it further enadted. That this adt (hall be deemed “oblkkafl; and taken to be a publick adt; and fhall be judicially taken notice

of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

Digitized by L.ooQle

CAP,

io6 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 47—50. [1775.

CAP. XLVII.

An ad	for enabling bis	Maitjly to a playhoufe in the town of

Manchefter, in the county palatine of Lancafter. .

Preamble. WTH F. R E A S	it that a playhoufe Jbould be li-

VV unfed in the town of Manchefter, in the county palatine of Lancafter; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and Claufe in aft by the authority of the fame,That fo much of an aft of parliament, *°Sed w\th~ ^ich pafTed in the tenth year of his late Majefty’s reign, (inti-refpeft to tuled, An aft to explain and amend fo much of an afl, made in the Manchefter. twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, zpd vagrants, into one aft of parliament; and for the more effectual punifhing fuch rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fentj) as difcharges all perfons from reprefenting any entertainment of the ftage whatever, in virtue ot letters patent from his Majefty, or by licence from the lord chamberlain of his Majeftv’s houle-hold for the time being, except within the liberties or tVeJlm{n~ Jler, or where his Majefty is refiding for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed with refpeft to the faid town of HisMajefty, Manchefter: and that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, lettcnp^enf h*s ^eirsan(* fuccc^ors>to grant letters patent for eftablilhing a fbrtftabliflring theatre or playhoufe within the/aid town of Manchefter; which a playhoufe in theatre or playhoufe (hall be intitled to all the privileges, add Manchefter. fubjefted to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhoufe in Great Britain is intitled and fubjefted.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft to continue the term of an aft. made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, For laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every Scots pint of beer and ale 'which Jhcul be fold or vended, brewed* brought in* or tapped, for fate* within the town of Anltru-thcr E alter, and liberties thereof — Further continued for twenty-five years.

CAP. XLIX. -

, An aft for taking down the church of All Saints, in the town of Fulbourne, and county ot Cambridge; and for the better repairing, and keeping in repair, the church of Saint Vigors in the faid town.

CAP. L,

An aft to enable the inhabitants of the pariflt of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlefex* to purchafe or hire a convenient piece of ground, fo' the purpofe of erefting a workhoufe thereon for the reception and employment of the poor of the faid parifti; and for provid-' ing an additional burial ground for the ufe of the (hid pariih.

CAP,

Digitized by L^ooQle

ij 75.] Anno deeimo qirinto Georgii III. C.51.	107

CAP. LI.

An aft to refrain the negotiation of protmJTory notes and inland bills of exchange under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain coded England.

WHEREAS various notes, bills of exchange, and draughts for Preamble.

money for very fmallfums, have for fome time paf been circu-Util or negotiated in lieu of cafh within that part of Great Britain M England,, to the great prejudice of trade and publick credit; cni many of fuch bills and draughts being payable under certain terms and reflriftions, which the poorer fort of manufacturers, artificerj, labourers, and others ^cannot comply with otberwife than by being fub-jell to great extortion and abufe\ be it therefore en?6ted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fern of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and. commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all promiflory or other notes, bills of exchange, or draughts. After June 14,

or undertakings, in writing, being negotiable or transferable,	pro-

for the payment of any fura or Turns of money lefs than the fum

of twenty (hillings in the whole, which (hall be made or ifliied toan»os.Ctobc

at any time from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one of noeifbft.

thoulandfeven hundred and feventy-tive, (hall be, and the fame

are hereby declared to be, abfolutely void and of no effect, any

law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons utteiv if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times? from and af- ingfuch notes ter the twenty-fourth day of June, onethoufand (even hundred or bills forleft and feventy-nve, by any art, device, or means whatfoever, pub- ^ fafeitnot li(h or utter any fuch notes, bills, draughts, or engagements, as exceeding 10I. aforefaid, for a lefs fum than twenty (hillings, or on which lefs nor left than than the fum of twenty (hillings (hall be due, and which (hall be 51-in any-wife negotiable,'or Thai! negotiate the fame; every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the juftice or juftices before whop) any offender (hall be convided as aforefaid, (hall caufe the (aid convi&ion to be made out in the manner and form fol-lowing; (that is to fay,)

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of	Form ofcoa-

in the year of our Lord	vision.

A.B. having appeared before me, or us, one or more of bis Majeftfs juficts of the peace, (as the cafe may be,) for the county, riding, iftrift, divifion, city, borough, or town, (as the cafe may be,) and hit proof having been made, upon oath, by one or more credible wit-ntfi or witnejfes, or by confejfion of the party, (as the cafe may be,) iifomrifiedof

Jfpecifying the offence. J

Given

Digitized by v^rOOQle

108	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georoii	III.	C.	5	r# [ 1775.

Given under thy hand and feal, (or our bands and feals) the day and year aforefaid.

Conviction to Which conviction the laid juftice or juftices (hall caufe to be be returned to fairly written over upon parchment, and returned to the then raf quarternC* ncxt 8encra* quarter'feffions of the peace of theeounty, riding^ (cffioiu. diftri#, divifion, city, borough, or town, where fuch convidup* was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, to remain and be kept among the records of fucb county, riding, diftriCtjdivilioD, city, borough, or town.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho-Clerks of the nty aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any clerk of peace to give the peace for any county, riding, diftrift, divifion, city, borough, copies ot coo- or town, and he is hereby required, upon application made to paymentof 11.	ty any perfon or perfons for that purpofe, to caufe a copy

p y	or copies of any convi&ion or convictions, filed by him under

the directions ot this aCt, to be forthwith delivered to filch perfon or perfons, upon payment of one (hilling for every fuch copy. Perfon* con- V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, 1 hat viCted forth- the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, hereby incurred and the1 Penalties niade payable upon any conviction againft this aCt, (hall be c ** a • forthwith paid by the perfon convicted, .as follows, one moiety How they are 0f the forfeiture to the informer, and the other moiety to the to be applied. p00r 0f the pari(h or place where the offence (hall be committed: In cafe of re- and in cafe fuch perfon (hall refufe or negleCt to pay the fame, ftifat to oay, 0f to give fufficient fecurity to the fatisfaCtion of fuch juftice or by	Cd	juftices, fuch juftice or juftices (hall, by warrant under his or

y	their hand and feal, or hands and feals, caufe the fame to be le-

vied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and which faid warrant of diftrefs the faid juftice or juftices (hall caufe to be made out in the manner and form following; (that is to fay,)

j	<r

To the conftable, head borough, or tithmgman of

Form of the	\KT HEREAS A. B.«/	in	the county of

warrant of di- V ▼ ,	is	this	day	before	or us, one

ftrefa.	er more of bis Majefly's juftices trf the peace (as the cafe may be; for

the county of	er for the	riding of the county

of York, or for the	town, li, or difrill of

(as the cafe may be) upon the oath of

or	a	credible witnefs or	by

confefpon of the party, (as the cafe may be) for that the faid A.jB. hath (here fet forth the offence) contrary to the Jlatute m that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of	to be diflribnted as herein is	,

which be bath refufed to pay; Tbeje are	in	his. Majejly’s

name, to command you to levy the faid fum of by diflrejs of tho goods and chattels of him thefaid A. B. and if within the fpact offive days next afterfun diflreft by you	, thefaidfum,

together

Digitized by v^ooQle

f775»] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 51.

together with the rtafonable charges of taking the fame, Jball not be paidy that then you do fell the faid goods and chattels fo by you diftrain* id, and out of the money arifing by fuch fale, that you do pay one half tf the faid fum of	to	of

who informed me, or us, (as the cafe (hall be) of the faid offence, and the other half of the faid fum of

to the overfeer of the poor of the par iff, toumffip, or place, where the offence was committed, to be employed for the benefit of fitch poor, returning the overplus {if any) upon de-domed to the find A. B .the rtafonable charges of taking, keeping, and the faid diftrefs bring JirJi deduced; and if natmot be found of the goods arid (battels of the faid A. B. whereon te he.ythefaid fum of	that	then	you terrify the

feau to me, or us, (a* the cafe lhall be) together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and feal, (pr our hands and ,) the day of	in	the	year

of our Lord

VI.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That it'fhall and may Offender may

-be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to order fuch offender to be	>»

detained in fafe cuftody, until return may conveniently be had	id«r#

and made to fuch warrant of diftrefs, unlefs the party fo con- fgffkient tecu-vi&ed (hall give fufficient fecurity, to the fatisfadtion of fuch ju- rity for bit ap-ftice or juftices, for his appearance before the faid juftice or ju- Pear*n“ be-, flkes, on fuch days as (hall be appointed by the faid juftice or foretheluftj«. juftices for the day of the return of the faid warrant of diftrefs,

(fuch day not exceeding five days from the taking of fuch fecurity); which fecurity the faid uftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of recognizance, or otherwife.

VII.	And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid, If no diftrefs

That if upon fuch return no fufficient diftrefs can be had, can bad, then, aod in fuch cafe, the faid juftice or juftices fhall and may	‘w.be

commit fuch offender to the common gaol, or houfe of correc-	**

tion, of the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence	*

IhaH be committed, for the fpace of three calendar months, un-

fefs the money forfeited (hall be fooner paid; or until fuch offender, thinking him or herfelf aggrieved by fuch convidtion, fhall or until nogive notice to the informer, that he or (he intends to appeal to X1fe 8ivca the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feflion of the °j0n to^ppcal peace, to be holden for the county, riding, or place, wherein the	9

offence (hall be committed, and fhall enter inter recognizance before feme juftice or juftices, with two fufficient furcties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftices at fuch quarter feffions,

(which notice of appeal being not lefs than four days before the

trial thereof, fuch perfon fo aggrieved is hereby impowered to

give;} and the faid juftices at fuch feffion, upon due proof of Jufliceion

fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into proof of no-

foch recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the caufes

and matters of foch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch lummary way,

cofts

Digitized by

Google

> be payable on demand.

If perfons refute payment of fuch bills.

i jo	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 51.' [1775-

and their de- cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft as they the laid termination to judices (hall think proper, and the determination of fuch quarter be final. feffion (hall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purpofes.

Notes,billtof VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, exchange,&c. That from and immediately after the paffing of this a<5t, all and Iflued before eveJy fuch notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, for lefs^bam5* *n writing, for the payment of any fum or fumt of money Jefs aos. to be pay- than the lum of twenty (hillings, and being negotiable or tranf-fcrrable, as (hall have iflued previous to the faid twenty-fourth day of June, (hall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, payable tipon demandj any terms, redactions, or conditions therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon liable to the payment of any of fuch notes, bills of

offuch bills, exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, as laft afore-sec. or s ays, (^all neglect or fail to make full payment in money of the fum or fums for which fuch notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, (hall be refpectively given or iflued, or fo much thereof as (hall be or remain due thereon refpedtive-ly, by the fpace of three days after demand thereof made by the holder or holders of fuch notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, riding, city, divifion, or place, where the perfon or perfons refpectively lo refufing to pay any of fuch notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, as laft aforefaid, (hall or may happen to be or refide, and fuch juftice or juftices is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof, to fummon the perfon of perfons againft whom fueh complaint (hall be made; and after his, her, or their appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof upon oath, (and which oath fuch juftice or juftices is or are hereby impowered to adminifter) of fuch fummons or warning having been given, fuch juftice or the complaint, juftices (hall proceed to hear and determine the faid complaint, and award and award fuch fum to be paid by the perfon or perfons refped-payment, and ively liable to the payment of every fuch note, bill of exchange, tofueb^fticts draught, or undertaking, in writing, to the holder or holders (hall feem * thereof, as (hall appear to fuch juftice or juftices to be due thereon, together with fuch a fum for cofts, not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall feem meet: and if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neglect to pay or fa-tisfy fuch fum of money, as upon fuch complaint as aforefaid (hall be adjudged, upon the (ame being demanded, fuch juftice or juftice9 (hall, by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

X.	Provided always, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or offenders

againft

juftices, on complaint of the holders, may fummon them.

and on their appearance or default, &c. lhall proceed to determine

meet.

On refiifal to pay, fum and cofts to be levied by diftrefs.

No proceedings for enforcing pay-

Digitized by Google

1775-1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii IJI. c.51.	in

againft this aft, or for enforcing payment of fuch notes, bills of ment,&c. to exchange, dfatights, or undertakings, in writing, as aforefaid, as ^qaallied for havt inued previous to the palling of this aft, with cofts as 0 ofr<“1 aforefaid, lhall be qualhed for want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatever, into anyof his Majefty's courts of record at Weflminjler.

XI.	Provided alfo. That no perfon lhall be proceeded againft No perfon to for any of the offences againft this aft as aforefaid, unlefs infor- **

mation lhall be made thereof upon oath before fome juftice °f mformationbe the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein fuch roadc on 0aU offence (hall be committed, within twenty days after fuch of- before a ju-fcoce (hall be committed.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any aftion or fuit Limitation of (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing aftiont. done or afted in purfuance of this aft, then, and in every fuch

cafe, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted within three calendar months after the faft committed, and not afterwards; and the fame, and every fuch aftion or fuit, (hall be brought within the county where the faft was committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch aftion or fuit, (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this General iffbe. aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had there*-upon, and that the fame was done in purlpance and by the authority of this aft: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other place than as aforementioned, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, of difeontinue his, her, or their aftion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts. Treble cofts. and have the like remedy fof the recovery thereof as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes bylaw.

XIII.	And b6 it further enafted, That this aft (hall continue Continuance in force only for the term of five years, and from thence to the ot this aft. end of the then next feflion of parliament.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be taken Publkk aft. and allowed to be a publick aft in all courts within this kingdom ; and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the

fame.

C A P. LIL

An Ml for enlarging the term of letters patent, granted by his piefent Majejly to William Cookworthy ^Plymouth, cbymift, for the foie ufe and exercife of a dijeovtry of certain materials for making porcelain; in order to enable Richard Champion a/Briftol, merchant, (to u/bom the faid letters patent have been ajfigned) to. carry the faid difeovtry into effectual execution for the benefit of the futuck.

WHEREAS

Digitized by v^ooQle

112	Anno	decimo	quinto	GeoROII III. C.52: [1775.

Preamble. TT7 H E R E A S hisprefent majejty King George the Third both V V been gratioufy pleafed to grant his royal letters patent, under v	the great feal ofGreat Britain, to William Cookworthy, cbymf!%

in the words or to the effett following \ that is to fayy

Hi* Majefty** f^tE ORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great BrU noyal tetters \J* iain> France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, aod item Cook wor«	forth;' To all to whom thefe prefents (hall come, greetingji

thy, chyaiift, Whereas William Cookworthy* of Plymouth 9 in our county of Be* recited. von9 chymift, has, by his petition, humbly reprefented unto ufc that he hath, by a feries of experiments, difeovered, that mat** rials, of the fame nature with tbofe of which the Afiatic porcelain is made, are to be found in immenfe quantities in our ifland of '	Great	Britain, which ingredients are diftinguifhed in our two

counties of Devon and Cornwall by the name of Moorfone and Growan and Growan Clay\ that the ware which he hath prepared from thefe materials hath all the characters of the true porcelain, in regard to grain, tranfparency, colour, and infufibility, in a degree equal to the beft Chinefe or Drefden ware, whereas all the manufactures of porcelain hitherto carried on in Great Bri~ tain have been only imitations of the genuine kind, wanting the beauty of colour, the fmoothnefs and luftre of grain, and the great charaCteriitick of genuine porcelain, fuftaining the moll extream degree of fire without melting: That this difeovery hath been attended with great labour and expence, and, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, in regard to this kingdom, is new, and his own, the materials being, even at this time, applied to none of the ufes of pottery, but by him, and thofe under his direction; and that he verily believes this invention will be of great advantage to the publick: he, therefore moft humbly prayed us, that we would be pleafed to grant him our royal letters patent for the foie making and vending this new-invented porcelain, cotnpofed of moorftone or growan and growan clay, within that part of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the fpace of fourteen years, according to the ftatute in that cafe made and provided: We, being wuling to give encouragement to all arts and inventions which may be for the publick good, are grad-oufly pleafed to condefcend to the petitioner’s requeft: Know ye therefore, that we, of our efpecial grace, certain knowledge, and meer motion, have given and granted, and by thefe prefents, for us, our heirs and fucceffors, do give and grant unto the (aid William Cookworthy9 his executors, adnainiftrators, and afligns, oqr fpecial licence, full power, foie privilege and authority, that he, the laid William Cookworthy, his executors, adminiflrators, and afligns, and evtry of them, by himfelf and themfelves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or fuch others as he the (aid William Cookworthy9 his executors, admini-ftrators, or afligns, (hall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term of years heroin expreflTed, (hall and lawfully may make; ufe, ex-e	ereife.

Digitized by

1775-1 Ahn6 dccimo quinto GsoRdll III. C.52:	113

ercife,and vend,his faid invention,within that parr of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy in fuch manner as to him, the faid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns or any of them, (hall, in their diferetions, feem meet; and that the faid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns,

(hall and lawfully4 may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arifing, by reafbn of the faid invention, for and during the term of years herein mentioned; to have, hold,exercife, and enjoy, the faid licence, powers, privilege, and advantages, herein-before granted, or mentioned to be granted, unto the faid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns,

•for and during and unto the full end and term of fourteen years from the date of thefe prefents next and immediately enfuing, and fully to be complete and ended, according to the ftatute in fuch cafe made and provided: and to the end that he the faid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and every of them, may have and enjoy the full benefit and the foie ufeand exercife of the faid invention, according to our gracious intention herein-before declared, we do, by th*fe prefents, for us, our heirs and fucceflors, require and ftridtly command all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, and all other our fubjedts whatfoever, of what eftate, quality, degree, name, or condition foever they be, within that faid part of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, that neither they, nor any of them, at any time, during the continuance of the faid term of fourteen years hereby granted, either diredHy or indiredly, do make ufe or put in pradice the faid invention, or any part of the fame, fo attained unto by the faid William Cookvjortby as a-forefaid, nor in anywife counterfeit, imitate, or refemble, the fame; nor (hall make, or caufe to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradtton from the fame, whereby to prerend himfelf Of them (elves the inventor or inventors, devifor or devifors thereof,'without the licence, confent, or agreement, of the faid Wiliam Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, in writing, under his or their hands and feals, firft had and obtained in that behalf; upon fuch pains and penalties as can or may be juftly inflicted on fuch offenders for their contempt of this our royal command ; and further to be anfwerable to the faid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, and af-figns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby oc-eafionetf. * And moreover, we do, by thefe prefents, for us,-our hors and fucceflors, will and command all and Angular the ju-fticesof the peace, mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs, conftables, head-boroughs, and all other officers and minifters whatfoever, of us, our heirs and fucceflors, for the time being, that they, or any of them, do not, nor (hall at any time hereafter, during the faid term hereby granted, in anywile moleft, trouble, or hinder, the (aid William Cookwortby, his executors, adminiftrators, or af-Vot. XXXI,	X	figns.

Aflito ctecimo quinto GfiORGliIII. c.52. {1775.

figfts, or any of them, or hi* or their deputies, Servants, or a-gents, in or about the due and lawful ufe or exercife of the aforesaid invention, or any thing relating thereto. Provided always, and thefe our letters patent are and* (hall be upon this conditioo, that if at any time, during the faid term hereby granted, it (hall be made appear to us, our heirs or fuccefiors, or any fix or more of our or their privy council, that this our grant is contrary to law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to our fubjedts in general, or tbat .the faid invention is not anew invention, as tothepubliek ufe and exercife thereof, in that faid part of our kingdom of Greet Britain called England, our dominion of Walts, and town of Beg-.wick upon Tweed aforefaid, or not invented and found out by the faid William Cookworthy, as aforefaid; then, upon fignificatkmer declaration thereof, to be made by us, our heirs or fuccefiors, under our or their fignet or privy feat, or by the lords and others of our or their privy, council, or any fix or more of them, under their hands, (hefe our letters patent (hall forthwith ceafe, determine, and be utterly void to all intents and purpofes ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding. Provided alfo, that thefe our letters patent^ or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be con (truest*) extend to give privilege unto the faid William Cookworthy* ^iris executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or any of theov to ofcor imitate any invention or work whatfoever which hath heretofore been found out or invented by any other our fubje&a whatsoever* and publickly ufed or exercifed in that faid part of our kingdom of Griat Britain called England, bur dominion; of Wales* or town of B&witk vponTweed aforefaid,unto whom like letters patent or privileges have been already granted for the (ole ufe, exercife, and benefit thereof: it being our will and pleafure, that, the laid William Cooiwortby* his executors, adminiftrators, and aflignt, and, all and every other perfon and perfons to whom like letters patent or privileges have been already granted as aforefaid, (hall diftindtly ufe and pradifc» their fevertl inventions, by them invented and found out, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid refpe&ive letters patent, and of thefe prefents. Provided lifcewife, nevertheless, and thefe our letters patent are upon this exprefs condition, That if the faid William Gookwor-thy, his executors or adminiftrators, or any perfon or perfons which (hall or may at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this grant, have or claim any right, (title, or in* tereft, in law or equity, of, in, or td, the power, privilege, end authority, of the foie ufe and benefit of the faid invention hereby granted, (hall make any transfer or afitgmnenr, or aoy pretended transfer or alignment, of the faid liberty and privilege, or any (hare or (hares of the benefit or profit thereof, or ihftll declare any fruft thereof to or for any number of perfons exceeding the number of five' .rlhall open, or caufe to be ope*-. ed,' any book or books 'v .:: nick fubfcriptions to be xn*dc by any number of perfonqk	the number of five, in order to

the railing any	money, under pretence of carry-

u	^	*	ing

ll5

1775*3 Anno decirno quinto Geg&qiiIIL C., $2. ing on the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted; or (hall by liim or themfelves, or his or their agents or fervaots, receive .any ium or Aims of money whatfoever of any number of perfons exceeding in the whole number of Aye* for fuch or the lilte intents or purpofes; orihall prefume to a&as a corporate body; or (hall divide the benefit of theie our letters patent,,or the liberty and privileges hereby by us granted into any number of lbares exceeding the number of five; or (hall commit or do, or procure -to bo committed pr done, any adb matter, or thing, whatfoever,' daring fuch time ?s fuch perfan or perfons (hall have any right mvtttte, either in law or equity, in or to, the faid premifes, which will bo contrary to the true intent and meaning of a Certain a& -of parliament, made in the fix.th year of the reign of our Jate royal great grandfather King George the Firft, intituled. aS for tbt better[tewing certain powers and privileges intended be granted by bit Majefty, by two cha, for ajjuranct of /bips and mertbandtfts at fea, and for bending money upon	and	for

retraining Jeveral extravagant and nmuarrontebk. practices therein ■mentioned; or in cafe the faid. power, privilege, or authority, (hall at any time hereafter become veiled in or in truft for man than the number of five perfons, or their reprefentatives, at any one tine, (reckoning-executors or adnuniftratOrs as and for the fin-jdeperfoc whom they reprefent as to fuch interefi at they are or mail be intitled so in right of fuch their fceftator or inteftate;) that then, and in any. of the (aid cafes, tbefe our letters patent, and all-liberties and advantages ..whatfoever hereby granted, (hall utterly ceafe, determine, ami become void, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary theceof in anywife notwithstanding, Provided alfo. That if: the faid William Cookworthy (hall not particularly deferibe and afcertain the nature of his faid intention, and-in what manner the fame is to be performed, by an inftrunaent in writing, undo* his hand and feal, and caufe the lame to be iarolled in our high court of chanoery, within four calendar months next and immediately after the date of thefe out letters patent; that they), tbefe our letters patent, and all liberties andadyaotages whatfoever-hereby granted, ihall utter-’ ly ceafe, determine, and become void, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding. And htftly, we do by thefe prefeots, for us, our heirs and fuc-eeflorv, gram unto the faid WiMiamGoobwortby, his executors, edminiftrators, and aligns, -that tbefe our letters patent, or the iatokneot or exemplification thereof, (hall.be in and by all things, good, firm; valid, fufficient, and effectual in the law, according to the true intent and meaning thereof,and (hall be takenf con (trued, and adjudged, in the moft favourable and beneficial fenfe for the belt advantage of the faid William	,	his	executors,

adminifirators, and afligns, as well in all our courts of record as elfewhere, and by all and (ingular the officers and minifters whatfoever of US, our heirs and fucceflors, in that pan of our /aid kingdom of Great Britain called	,	our	dominion of

Walts, and town of	Btrwhk upon Tweed aforefaid, and atnongft

12

Digitized by uooQle

116	Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. c.52.	[1775.

aH and every the fubje&s of us, our heirs and *fucce{Tors, what-foever and wherefoever, notwithstanding the not full and certain deferibing the nature or quality of the laid invention, or of the materials thereto conducing and belonging: In witness whereof, we have caufed thefe our letters to be made patent: Witnefs our-felf at IVeJlminfter, the feventeenth day oi Martb, in the eighth year of our reign.

And whereas the fold William Cookworthy bath, byaninfrument, in writing, under bis band and foal, deferibea and afeertained the nature of tbefaid invention, and the manner in which thefame is tope performed; and bath caufed the fame to be inrolltd in bis Majejlfs high t	evurt of chancery, within the time, and in the manner, directed by the

i faid letters patent: and whereat, by a deed of ajfignment, bearing date the fixtb day of May, one thoufand feven hundred andfeventyfour, the faid William Cookworthy {for the confutations therein mentioned) bath affigned all bis interejl, benefit, and property, in the faid letters patent, and invention, unto Richard Champion r/’Briftol, merchant, his executors, adminiflrators, and affigns: and1whereas tbe faid Richard Champion hath been at a very confiderabkexpence, and at great pains and labour, in profocuting the fond invention 5 and by rea-fon of the great difficulty attending a manufa&ttre upon a new principle, hath not teen able to* bring the fame to perfection until within this lajl.year\ and it will require further pains ^ labour, and expence\ to render the faid invention of publick utility: fat dll which trouble and expence we faid Richard: Champion will not be able to receive an adequate compenjation, unlefs the termgranted by the faid letters patent be prolonged: to the end therefore that the hid Richard Champion may be encouraged to profecute and complete the faid invention, may it pleafe your Majefty (at the humble petition of the faid Richard Champion) that it may be enabled 5 and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, andby the authority Alt the pow- 0f the fame. That all and every the powers, liberties, privileges, KmS	rights, benefits, -and advantages, ' Which in and by

in the before- *he letters patent were originally given and granted to him recited Utters the faid William Cookworthy, his executors, adfnihiftrators, and patent, by this afligns, and no further or greater than he, or the faid Richard pfthgr^nr£d t0Champion, would have been intitled to if this a<ft had not been piont his exT- madc»	and	lhe	fame	are	hereby	given	and	granted	to

cutors, &c. the faid Richard Champion, his executors, adminiftrators, and with a further afligns, and (hall be held, exercifed, and enjoyed, by him the term of j*	faid Richard Champion, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns,

*tfars*	for and during the prefent term of fourteen years granted by

the faid letters patent; and from and after the end and expiration of the faid term of fourteen years thereby granted, for and during the further or additional term of fourteen years, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, in all refpe<5t$, and to all intents and purpofes .whatfoever, as he the faid Richard Champion, his extcutois, adminiftrators, or affigns, could-have held and en-

-	joyed

Digitized by Google

*775:] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGIi III. c.53.	11	y

Joyed tbe feme, under fend by virtue of the faid letters patent for the term thereby granted, in cafe the faid letters patent had been	>

originally granted by his Majefty to him the faid Richard Cham-* pm, his executorsvadminiftrators, and afiigns.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared Specifications

by the authority aforefaid. That if the faid Richard Champion (hall ^ropor!*1* not caufe to be inrolled in the high court of chancery, within tionsot th/ four months after pafiing this ad, a fpecification of the mixture raw materials and proportions of the raw materials of which his porcelain is ?°*>e idrolied* compofed, and likewife of the mixture and proportions of the raw JJalncer°w?th-tnaterials which com pole the glaze of the fame, (which fpecifi- jD ^months," cation is now in the hands of the lord high chancellor of Great	1

Britain;) or if the fame (hall not be a true and juft fpecification.

of the mixture and proportions of the faid materials; then this	*!•“

aft (hall ceafe, determine, and be abfolutely void, any thing2 0	V01	*

herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad contained (hall *?° be conftrued to hind.** or prevent any potter or potters, or any

other perfon or perfons, from making ufe of any fuch raw ma- ;n different Serials, or any mixture or mixtures thereof, (except fuch mix- proportions, ture of raw materials, and in fuch proportions, as are defcribed in the fpecification herein-before cureded to be inrolled,) any thins in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That Publick aft. , this ad (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick

aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LIII.

Jn oft for enabling the two univerfities in England, the four univerfities in Scotland, and the feveral colleges of Eton, Weft-minder, and Winchefter, to bold in perpetuity their copy right in boots, given or bequeathed to the faid univerfities and colleges for the advancement of ufeful learning and other purpofes of education 5 and for amending fo much of on a ft of the eighth year of the reign of £>ueen Anne, as relates to tbe delivery of books to the warehoufe keeper%of the Jlationers company, for tbe ufe of the feveral libraries therein mentioned.

WHEREAS authors have heretofore bequeathed or given, Preamble.

and may hereafter bequeath or give, the copies of booh com-Pfjei by thehi, to or in truftfor one of the two univerfities in that part V Great Britain called England, or to or in truft for fome of tbe alleges jer houfes of learning tiiitbin the fame, or to or in truft for the four univerfities in Scotland, or to or in truft for the feveralcolleges of Eaton, Weftminfter, and Winchefter, and in and by their feveral wills or other inflruments of donation, have direfted or may dire ft, that tbe profits artfing from the printing and reprinting fuch books /ball be applied or appropriated as a fund for the advancement of learning, and other beneficial purpofes of education within the faid univer-

13	fries.

Digitized by Google

118	Anno	decimo	qulnto	Georoii	in. c. 53. [ 177^.

flies and colleges oforefaid: and whereas fuch ufeful purpofes will frequently be jrufirated, unlefs the Jole printing and reprinting of fuch book*, the copies of which have been or jhall be fo bequeathed or given as a/orefaid, be preferved and fecured to the faid ujiiverfilitSy colleges, and houfes of learning refpehively in perpetuity; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advtct and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons^ , in this prefent parliament diem bled, and by the authority of tftfe Univerfities, fame. That the faid umverfities and colleges refpeftively (hall; &c. in Eng- at their refpeftive prefles, have, for ever, the foie liberty of land to bav^ printing an<* reprinting all fuch books as (hall at anytime here* forever,the* l°fore have been, or (having not been heretofore pub!i(hed or j foie right of afligned) (hall at any time hereafter be bequeathed, or othjrwife printing, &c. given by the author or authors of the fame refpeftively, or the have been* or rePrefentatives of fuch author or authors, to or in truft for the (hall be, be- kid univerfities, or to or in truft for any college or houfe of queat^ed to learning within the fame, or to or in tru(Wor the faid four uni* tnem,	verfities in Scotland, or to or in truft for the faid coHeges of Eton%

Weftminfier, and Winchejler, or any of them, for the purpofes unlefs the aforefaid, unlefs the fame (hall have been bequeathed or given, (arae have ^or (hall hereafter be bequeathed or given, for any term of years, be!givenfor or ot^er	term; any law or ufage to the contrary hereof

alimited time, in any-wife notwithstanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enabled, That if any bookfcHer, After June *4, printer, or other perfon whatsoever, from and after the twenty* prinVingor0* f°urth day °f /****> °ne thoufand feven hundred and feventy-felling fuch	five> (hall print, reprint, or import, or caufe to be printed, rebooks (hall	printed, or imported, any fuch book or books ; or, knowing the

forfeit the lame t0 be fo printed of imprinted, (hall fell, publi(h, or expofe jTforewy°to fale, or caufe to be (old, publifhed, or expofed to fale, any (heetj ^ fuch hook or books; then fuch offender or offenders (hall forfeit fuch book or books, and all and every (heet or (hects, being part of fuch book or books, to the univerfity,* college, or houfe of learning refpeftively, to whoip the copy of fuch book or books (hall have been bequeathed or given as aforefaid, who (hall forthwith damafle and make wafte paper of them; and further, that every fuch offender or offenders (hall forfeit one penny for every fheet which (hall be found in his, her, or their cuftody, either printed or printing, publifhed or expofed to fale, contrary to the one moiety to true intent and meaning of this aft; the one moiety thereof to his Mrfjtffty, the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and tothepro(e!r	ol^cr tnoiety thereof to any perfon or perfons who (hall Fue

cutor. * for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, or in the court of felflon in Scotland, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which ho wager of law, eflfoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (half be allowed.

/ jibing in III* Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this aft (hall ex-this aft to rx- tend to grant any exclufive right otherwife than fo long as the tend to grant books or copies .belonging to the faid univerfities or colleges An? exclude	'	arc

1775O	Anno.decline quinto Georgii III. c.53.	1 ig

are printed only at their own printing prefles within the (aid right longer univerfities or colleges refpedlively, and for their foie benefit and advantage j and that if any univerfity or college (hall delegate, pHnt*d at th* grant, leafe, or fell their copy rights, orexclufivc rights of print-preffes of the ipg the books hereby granted, or any part thereof, or (hall al- univertmes. low, permit, or authorife any perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate, jto print or, reprint the. fame, that then the privileges hereby granted are to become void and of no effedi, in the ' lame manner as if this adt not been made; but the faid univer-Univerfines fities and colleges, as aforefaid, (hall nevertheless have a right to	copy

fell fuch copies fo bequeathed or given as aforefaid, in like man- mannera^any ner as any author or authors now may do under the provifions	y

at the ftatute of the eighth year of her majefty Queen Ann*.

IV.	And whereas many perfons may through ignorance offend a-gainft this afly uriefs fome provifion be made whereby the property of every fuch book as is intended by this. <sQ to be ftcured to the faid uni-verfities, colleges, and houfes of learning within the fome, and to the fold univerfities in Scotland, and to the refpeflive colleges sf Eaton, Weftminfter, and Wincheftcr, may be afeertained and known, be

it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in No perfon fub-thit adt contained (hall be conftrued to extend to fubjedt any jea to penal-* bopkfeller, printer, or other perfon whatfoever, to the forfeitures 5*cs £>r or penalties herein mentioned, for or by reafon of the printing be^k§ ot reprinting, iiqporting or cxppfing to fale, any book or books, queatbed/un-unlcls the title to the copy of fuch bpok or books, which has or 1 eft they be have been already bequeathed or given to any of the faid univer- entered before fines or colleges aforefaid, be entered in the regifter book of the ^unc 44,1775* Company of ftationers kept for that pqrpofe, in fuch manner as hath been ufual, on or before the tvyenty-fourth day of June, one thoufimd feven hundred and feventy-five; and of all and every All books that fuch book or books as may or (hall hereafter be bequeathed or {®a7 hereafter given as aforefaid, be entered inTuch regifter within the fpace of two months after any fuch bequeft or gift (hall have come to theen|ei4d within knowledge of the vice chancellors of the faid univerfities, or two months heads of houfes and colleges of learning, or of the principal of after fuch beany of the faid four univerfities refpedUvely; tor every of which	**

entries fo to be made as aforefaid, the fum of fixpence (hall be 6 d. To be paid paid, and no more; which faid regifter book (hall and may, at for each entry aU feafonable and convenient times, be referred to and infpedt- in the regifter ed byany book feller, printer, or other perfon, without any fee or b<£k»	.

reward; and the clerk of the faid company of ftationers (hall,^r^^ay when, and as often as thereunto required, give a certificate un- without fee. dcr his hand of fuch entry or entries, and for every fuch certifi4c,crk.tog»vc cate may take a fee not exceeding fixpedee.	~	*	certificate

V.	And be it further enadted, That if the clerk of the faidbcinfipai company of ftationers for the time being (hall refufe or negletft If clerk refufe to regifter or make fuch entry or entries, or to give fuch certifi- or neglect to cate, being thereunto required by the agent of either of the faid 2*kC Cfltr>r* universities or colleges aforefaid, lawfully authorifed for that pur- * *

pofe, then either of the faid univerfities or colleges aforefaid, being Proprietor of theproprietor.of fuchcopy right or copy rights as aforefaid, (notice copjj

Digitized by

Google

120	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georoii	III. c. 53.	[1775*

like benefit at being firft given of fuch refufal by an advertifemeht in the Ga-if fucb entry zettey) ihall have the like benefit as if fuch entry or entries, cer-had been tifkate or certificates, had been duly made and given ; and the and the clerk c*cr^ re^u^nS	for	every fuch offence, forfeit twenty

ihall fox feit 10I. pounds to the proprietor or proprietors of every fuch copyright* to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejb* minfier, or in the court of feffion in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, eflbin, privilege, protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Claufe in a£t 8 VI. And whereas in and bf an a& of parliament, made in the Ann»,rccitea. fighth year of the reign of her late mojejpy Sheen Anne, intituled^ An a£t for the encouragement of learning/fcy veiling the copies of printed books in the authors or purchafer* of fuch copies during the times therein mentioned, it is ena£ledy That nine coties of each hook or books, upon the bejl paper, that, from and after the tenth day of April, one thoufand/even hundred and ten, fhould be printed and publijhedy as therein mentioned, or reprinted and publifhed with additions, Jhall, by the printer and printers thereof be delivered to the warehoufe keeper of the faid company of Jiationers for the time beings at the hall of the faid company, before fuch publication madey for the life of the royal library, the libraries of the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, the libraries oj the four univerfities in Scotland, the library of Sion College in London, and the library commonly called The library belonging to the faculty of advocates in vjEdinburgh refpeSivcly; which fuch wareboufe keeper was thereby required, within ten days after demand by the keepers of the refpeftive libraries, or any perfon or perfons by them, or any of thcmy authorifed to demand the faid copyy to deliver the fame to the ufe of the aforefaid libraries; and if any proprietor, book feller y or printer, or the faid warebooje keeper of the faid company of Jiationers, fhould nof obferve the direction of the Jaid ati therein, that then he and they fo making default in not delivering the faid printed copies as aforefaid] fhouldforfeit as therein mentioned: and whereas the faid provtfion has not proved effectual, hut the fame hath been eluded by the entry only of the title to a fingit volume, or of fome part of fuch book or books fo printed and publijbei, or reprinted and republijbedy as aforefaid j be it enacted by the au-No perfon thority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons whatfoever Ihall be fubjeft to pe- fubjedt to the penalties in the faid aCt mentioned, for or by ira-feid'aa fbr ^on	Pr»nt*ng or reprinting, importing or expoling to (ale,

printing, &c. any book or books, without the confent mentioned in the faid any book, un- a (ft, unlefs the title to the copy of the whole of fuch book, aijtl lets the title to every volume thereof, be entered, in manner directed by the find wholebeen- a<^* *n l^c reg,^er^book of the company of fiationers, and un-tcred. See. lefs rt*ne fuch copies of the whole of fudi book or books, and every volume thereof printed and publifhed, or reprinted or re-publilhed, as therein mentioned, Ihall be actually delivered to the warehoufe keeper of the faid company, as therein directed, fof the feveral ufe:* of the feveral libraries in the faid aCt mentioned.,

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That

Digitized by

Google

*775-1 Anno detimo quinto Georgii III.' c. 54—56.	121

That if anya&on or fuit (hall be commenced or brought againft'LimUaticn of any perfoo or peribns* whatsoever, for doing, or caufing to be a&ion*« done, any thing in purfuance of this adl, the defendants in fuch a&ion may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter General iffue* in evidence; and if upon fuch adtion a verdidt, or if the fame (hall be brought in the court of fcflion in Scotland, a judgment, be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonfuited, and difeontinue his adtion, then the defendant (hall have and recover his full cods, for which he (hall have the fame remedy as a defendant in anjr cafe by law hath.

* Vllk And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Publkk aft. That this adl (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a pub-lick adt; an<Hhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and.other perrons whatfoever, without (peaally pleading the fame.

C A LIV.

An aft for paving and regulating, and for presenting nuifances and ob- x ftruftions within New Gravel Lane, and the fevecaf ftreets, lanes, paf-fage#, anchplace®, within the parifh of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the county of Middlcfex, not comprised in an a6t palTed iu the eleventh year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, for paving and regulating Rofemary Lane, and the other places therein mentioned.

C A P. LV.

An aft to explain and amend an a&, paired in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a8 for the bettor relief and employment of the poor •wttbtn the partjb of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middleiex» and jor building a <workbouft\ and fur fur chafing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the ufe of the faidparyb,

CAP. LVI.

Jbt off for applying the funis provided for rebuilding the office sof the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery, by an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adl for rebuilding the office of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery, and for eredting offices for the regifter and accountant-general of the faid court, for the better prefervihg the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in fiich offices; in building offices for the faid fix clerks in the garden ^Lincoln’s Inn, injlead of rebuilding the prefent fix clerks office tn Chancery Lane; and for other purpofes.

WHEREAS by on aft of parliament, pajjed in thefourteenth year preamble.

of the reign of bis prefent Majefty,intituled. An adl for rebuild- Aft 14 Geo. j. iflgthe officc of the fix cierks of the King’s court of chancery, andrecite<*v for eredting offices for the regifter and accountant-general of the faid court, for the better preierving the records, decrees, orders, apd books of account* kept in fuch offices; it was (among other things) enafied, That out of the fecurities purchafed with thefurphts money mentioned in the faid aft, and out of the tnterejl produced and to be produced from fuch fecurities, and out of the fur plus inter eft which Jbould arife.or be produced from fecurities. purchafed in purfuance of

feveral

Digitized by

gl€

122

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 56.	[1775.

feveral afts of parliament in the faid aft mentioned, and out of the inter ejl which Jhould arife or be produced from fecurities to be pur chafed in purjuance of the/aid aft, fuch fum or jums of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords comnuf-fioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, Jhould in his or their diferetion deem neceffary, Jhould be applied, under the dtreftion of the faid court, in the firfl place, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the pajjing and obtaining the faid aft, and then in rebuilding the faid office called The Si* Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purebafutg ground and houfes for that purpofe, if any Jhould be deemed neceffary by the faid court, and in providing a proper place for tranfafting the bufinefs of the faid fix clerks office during the time fuch office Jhould he rebuilding; and that the ground and houfes to be purebafed for the purpofe of rebuilding the faid fix clerks office, if any Jhould be deemed neceffary, Jhould be conveyed to, and vefiedin, the faid fix clerks, to hpld to them and their fucceffior$,for ever, in truft,for the purpofs in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas the office of the faid fix clerks, and the ground belonging thereto, is fo fur rounded by houfes and other buildings, that the faid office is in continual danger of accidents by fire, and a fuffnient fpace of ground contiguous thereto cannot be obtained for rebuilding the fame, detached from any dwelling-houfes: and. whereas the honourable fociety of Lincoln’*. Inn are owners of a convenient fpot of ground, part of the ancient garden belonging to the faid fociety, which will better anfwer the purpofes intended by the Jaid aft; and the worjhipful the maflers of the bench of the faid focicty are willing, and have agreed to Jell and difpofe of fo much ground, part of the faid garden, as Jball be neceffary for the purpofe of ereft-ing the faid office thereon; that is to fay. All that piece or parcel of ground, fituate on the eajl fide of the faid garden next Chancery Lane, abutting fouth on ground granted or agreed to be granted by the faid fociety for the purpofe of erefting offices for the regifier and accountant-general of the faid court of chancery; eajl in part on ground adjoining to Chancery Lane, belonging to the faid fociety, which is to continue their property, but to be left vacant for an area, only before the fix clerks office to be inclofed' with an iron pallifade railing by the faid fix clerks, but not to be ufed by them for any purpofe whatfoever-, and in other part on Chancery Lane aforefaid, weft, on ground belonging to the faid fociety, to be laid open, part of which, not exceeding three feet in width, for the length of eighty-feven feet three inches from the fouth end of the fame, and three feet nine inches in width for the remaining part of the faid, wejl fidei to be inclofed with an Arm „ pallifade^ railing by the faid fix clerks, at ati arte before the faid offices,

but nit to be ufed by them for any purpofe wjat/oeverj and north on ground belonging to the faid fociety, (which is to be vejled in the faid fix clerls, under certain reflriftiotis as herein-after is Mentioned, for the ufe of the faid offices,) containing in breadth from eajl to weft, at the fouth end, fix ty feet of affize, and from north to fouth on the eafi fide, one hundred andfixty one feet feven inches and a quarter of affize, with a break of two feet nine inches wefiward in the faid eajl fide, at the Affiance 0/eighty feven feet three inches from the fouth end, con-

taining

I775-l Ann^decimo quinto Georgn III. c. 56.

123

Saining in breadth from eaft to weft) at the north end, fifty-four feet fix inches of ajfize, and in length from north to fouth, on the weft fide% we hundred and fixty one feet Jeven inches and a quarter of ajfize, with a break eajhvard in the faid weft fide of two feet and nine inches, it the difiance of eighty fevert feet three inches from the fouth end; which aimenfions are exclujtve of the footings or plinths which are allowed to projeSt on the Jurface of the ground on the eaft, north, and weftfiiesofthe fame) two inches; alfo all that piece or parcel of ground) fituate bttween the north boundary of the before-mentioned piece or parcel of ground and the north wall of the faid garden, containing in length from eaft to weft, on the fouth fide thereof next the fad ground) fifty far feet fix inches of ajfizey abuttingfouth on the faid firft-men-timedground) eaft on Chancery Lane, north on the garden wall afore-faid) and weft on ground belonging to the faid fociety$ all which pieces or ponds of ground are fituate on a parallel with the buildings now carrying on in the fad garden, and commence) on the fouthermoft boundary thereof at the difiance offorty-two feet nine inches fouthward of the centre of the faid buddings 5 and the faid ground hath been approved as proper for the feite of the faid office by the right honourable the lord high chancellor) who hath fixed a price thereon) which the find benchers have agreed to accept; but the funds provided by the faid ad cannot be applied tn purchafing the faid ground, and in building the faid office thereon) without the authority of parliament: and in as much as the foil and freehold of the faid garden is vefted in trufteeS) upon truft) for the faid fociety, a good title cannot be made to the laid ground without the aid of parliament; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of the fecurities purchafed with the furplus mo- The lord ney mentioned in the faid recited aft, and out of the intereft chaneellor^&e. produced, and to be produced, from fuch fecurities, and out of tain^ma to the furplus intereft produced, or to be produced, from fecurities be raifcd as purchafed in purfuance of the feveral afts in the faid recited aft^cntkmed 14. mentioned, and out of the intereft produced, or to be produced, Gco*3J^°^fbc from fecurities purchafed in purfbanceof the faid recited aft, fuch fhj^ntuhe fum and ftims of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great laid recited Britain, or the lord keeper, or thelords commiffioners for the cuf- aft. tody of the great fcal of Great Britain for the time being, fhall, m his and their difcretion,. deem neccflary to be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the (aid court, and be applied under thedireftion of the faid court in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the paffing and obtaining of this-aft, and in purchafing the faid ground belonging to the faid fociety of Uncobfs Inn herein-before mentioned and deferibed, and in building thereon an office for the faid fix clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purpofes of the Exception, faid recited aft, except fo much thereof as relates to the rebuilding the faid fix clerks office in the place where thefame nowftands, and except fo far as the faid recited aft ts hereby altered or varied.

II.	And be it further enafted and declared. That the faid parcel

Digitized by

Google

124	Anno	decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 56. [ 1775.

Groundbeforc cel of ground belonging to the faid fociety, herein-before men* to be tioncd and defcribed, (hall, from and after the paflingof this ad, fix clerks to and the fame is hereby vcfted in the faid fix clerks, to hoM ere& ;hereon t0 diem and their fucceffors, for ever, to the intent to ereft there* an cflicef&c. on an office for the fix clerks, and an inrolment office, fuch in* rolment office being now part of the building of the prefent fix clerks office; fuch offices refpe&ively to be ufed and employed hi fuch and the fame manner as the faid office called The Six Clerks Office, and the inrolment office, are now ufed and employed,and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever,	*	*

III.	And whereas the faid office of the faid fix clerks, and the offices thereto belongings and the Jaid fix clerks, and the fworn clerks, smiting clerks, and clerks of inrolment s of the faid court of chancery, extending their feveral offices within the liberty of the Rolls in the county of Middlefex,/*r and in refpeft of their faid feveral and refpe&ive offices, have, purfiuant to divers afts of parliament, been taxed, rated, and affeffied, to the payment of the land tax within the faid liberty, and it will be a great injury to fuch liberty if the faid offices Jball mot continue to be rated and ajfejfed within fuch liberty, be it farther After removal enabled. That from and after the removal of the faid offices re* ibeland tax** *Pe<^vcty *nto the buildings fo to be eredted upon the ground to be paid in belonging to the faid fociety of Lincoln's Inn, and notwithftand-. the fame place ing fuch removal, fuch offices (hall reJpedlively continue to be and manner taxed, rated, and aflefied, for the payment of the land tax with-as heretofore. jn the liberty of the Rolls only, and (hall not be taxed, rated, or aflefied, within any other divifion, pariffi, or place whatfo-ever, nor (hall the faid offices, or any of them, be taxed, rated* or aflefled, for the payment of any other rates, taxes, or afieff* ments whatfoever, impofed or to be impofed, fave as herein* before is mentioned; nor (hall the faid fociety of Lincoln's hue, be rated or taxed, for or in refped of the faid offices, to any rates, taxes, or afleflfments whatfoever.

,f any officer XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefsud, That the fums ra£ w^cn anY officer or officers belonging to the faid offices (haU ed, the money negleft or refufe to pay the fum or fums of money, which (hall to be recover- be rated or aflefied upon them, or any of them, by virtue of any ed by diitrefr. a<Sfc for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, any two or more or thecommifiioners, appointed by fuch a£t for the liberty of the Rolls, (hall and may certify by writing, under their hands and feals, fuch negledt or refufal, and the fum payable by virtue of fuch adt, to the commifiioncrs for executing fuch z6t in the eounty or place where fuch officer or officers refide, and any two or more of fuch commifitoners are hereby authorifed and requir* ed, upon receipt of fuch certificate, by warrant under their hands and feals, to authorife and impower the refpedtive colle&ors of the parifh or place where fuch officer or officers refide to diftraia the goods and chattels of fuch officer or officers, and the diftreft or difirefies fo made to detain and keep for the fpace of four days; and if fuch officer or officers do not pay the faid fum or fums of money, for which fuch difirefs (hall be made as afone-(aid, within the fpace of four days, that then the faid goods and

chattels

Digitized by Google

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. 0.56,	125

chattels fo diftramed as aforefaid (hall and may be appraifed and fold by two fuch honelt and Efficient perfons as the faid com* miffioners who (hall (ign the faid warrant (hall nominate and appoint, and the monies ariflng thereby (hall be paid to the col- • ledors of the faid liberty of the rolls, for and towards fatisfac-tion of the faid fum or fnms of money, and the furplus (if any be) (hall be returned to the owner of the faid goods, after the diarge of the faid diftrefs and fale (hall be deduced.

*' V. And whereas tbe fitid fix clerks are pojfefjed of chambers or rooms over tbe faid office, called The Six Clerks Office, which were an-riently tbe reftdence of the faid fix clerks, but it will be greatly inconvenient and dangerous if any Juch chambers are erefiid over the office for the faidfix clerks^ to be tre5led in purfuance of this aft, whereby the faid fix cltris will loft the benefit and emolument arifing from fuch chambers : and whereas, by reafon of the faid office, called The Six Clerks Office, and the offices thereto belonging, being, in purfuance of this aft, to be erected tin the faid ground belonging to the faidfoci ay ^/Lincoln’s Inn {the ground whereon fuch offices nowJland will, from and after the building and removal of the faid offices, be no longer applied Hr the purpofes offucb offices 5 be it therefore further enaded, That After the new when atld fo foon as conveniently may be after the new building	„

for the faid fix clerks office, and the offices thereto belonging, b/completed, (hall be completed, the faid ,ground belonging to the faid fix the old baild-* clerks, and the buildings ftanding thereon, (hall, by order of tog and the faid court of chancery, be fold, in fuch manner a9 the faid	**

Court (hall dired, and the money to arife by (bch fale (hall be101 9	*

paid into the bank of England', in the name and with the privity of the accountant-general of the faid court 5 and upon payment by the purchafer or purchafcrs refpedivelv of his, her, or their purchafe-money into the bank of England, as aforefaid, the faid fix clerks (hall grant, convey, and deliver the faid ground and premifes, or fuch part or parts thereof refpedively as (hall be fo fold unto fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, as the (aid court (hall idired.

VI. And be it further enaded. That upon every fuch fale and Upon fale and conveyance of the faid ground and premifes as aforefaid, the c?nv^a/lc5; money to arife by fuch fale or fales (hall be paid by fuch pur- faf and l chafer or purchafers, his, her, and their heirs, executors, or ad- ground, pur-mmiftrators, as aforefaid, into the bank of England, in the name chafers to pay and with the privity of the faid accountant-general of the faid the.m?"ey. ^ court, to be placed to the account of money Arifing by fale of the*0 “c fixAtrks office, purfuant to the method preferibed by the ad ofporfuanttoaa the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, chapter the thirty-fecond, and the general orders of the faid court, and without fee or reward Aurfuant to the ad of the twelfth yearofand «» Geo.*. King George the Second, chapter twenty-fourth; and the fame0****

(hall there remain, until the fame (hall, by virtue of any order or orders of the (aid court, to be made for that purpofe from time to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, on fuch government or parliamentary fecuritics as in and by fuch order '	(hall

Google

126	Anno	decimaqulnto Georgii III. c. 56. [1775.

(hall be direded, to the intent that the intereft and annual pro* duce, arifing from the money To to be placed out, may be applied for the purpofes herein’after mentioned; and that the faid court of chancery may, by order or orders of the faid court, from time to time, change the fecurity or {bounties on which the faid monies lhall be fo placed out, as the faid court (hall think expedient. The annual VII. And be it further eqaded, That the intereft and annual ^one*Pr<x*uce which (hall arife or.be produced from fecurities, to b$ bjTthe foie of purchafed in purfuancc of this ad, with money arifing by fale of the foid.pre- the faid ground and premifes, (hall, from time to time, be re* mifes to be ceived by the governor and company of the bank of England^ Pai^t0.tbj<? "* and placed to the credit of an account, to be raifed in the books of thei/cham-t^erc for the Fuitorsnf , the faid court, of intereft arifing bert. See.	from money placed out in puffuance of this ad, and (hall from

time to time be paid, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, to the faid fix clerks, and their fucceffors, in lieu and re* compence of the chambers fo belonging to their feveral offices, and for the purpofe>tof keeping the laid offices to be eroded in purfuance of this ad in proper repair, and what (hall be fo or* dered to be paid to the faid fix clerks (hall be confidered as a freehold eftate in them refpedively, as coming in lieu of their faid chambers*

Prdvifo with VIII. Provided always, That from fuch time as th$ lord high refped to the chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper or lords coaamiflioners umg 0	0f	the great feal for the time being, (hall deepa

' the purpofes of the faid recited ad, and of this ad, fo far as re* fpeds the funds provided by the faid recited ad to be fully fa-tisfied, and (hall in teftimony thereof, by an order of the (aid court, declare the fame, and dired the accountant-general of the (aid court not to iftue any draft, and the governor and company of the bank of England not to iflue any farther fum or (urns of money out of the funds provided by the faid recited ad for any of the purpofes aforefaid, the appropriation by the faid recited ad herein-before made, aqd of the furplus money placed to the account of intereft arifing from monies placed out in purfuancp of the (aid ad of the twelfth year of his late majefty King George the Second, and of the furplus money placed to the account of interest arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of an ad of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, and alfo of the intereft of fecurities to be purchafed purfuant to the faid ad of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, (hall from thenceforth ceafe and be at an end.

reS^rodif- ^ Prov*ded always, and be it further enaded, That no ferait parti'ofeafement, privy, or houfe of office whatsoever, be erededonany the buildiog. part of either of the pieces or parcels of ground herein-before deferibed above the level of the ground Apor of the faid offices; and that no building whatfoever be eroded on the laft-mentiori* ed piece or parcel of ground to rife abpvc the level of the fprmg-ing of the arches in the fronts of tht bfuldings, intended to be ereded by the faid fociety, or within thirty feet of the weftern boundary of the faid laft-mentioned ground; and alfo, that thofaid

Digitized by Google

1775O Anno decimo quintb Georgii III. c.57— 59.	127

laft-mentioned ground be inclofed on the weftern boundary by

an open iron pallifad* railing only, and thofe parts of the eaftem

boundary not built againft be inclofed by a wail, the top of tfte

coping of which (hallbe on a level with the fpringing of the faid

arches; and alfo, that the external plan and elevations of the

bafement and ground ftory of the buildings to be credted on the

(aid pieces or parcels of ground do correfpond with the buildings

intended to be eredted by the (aid fociety; and that the chimney

(hafts be eredted regularly, and be carried up to fuch heights as

not to annoy or be oflfenfive to the rooms or chambers in the

bid buildings intended to be eredted by the faid fociety; and

that no *adk or thing be done upori any part of the faid feveral

premifes to annoy or be offenfive to any of the (aid chambers,

or the occupiers thereof.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it cnadted; That the faid fociety doProvifo* not eredt any building or buildings whatfoever between the e*ft

front of the buildings now carrying on by the faid fociety and the weftern boundary of the-laid firft-mentioned piece or parcel of ground.

XI.	And it is hereby further cnadted and declared, That the The offices (aid offices or buildings, <o be eredted In purfuance of this adt, *nd buildings and the offices or buiidiries to be eredted adjoining thereto, fbr not^o'beTob^ the ufc of the regifter and accountant-general of the faid ?ourt the^ of chancery, and all other buildings already* eredted, or begun, guiarions of m whiohmay hereafter be eredfced or beam* or any partttf the *4 Geo. j. ground or premifes oi Oid Lintolrts Inn> (hall not be fobjedk to all

or any of the regulations and diredtions contained in an adk of parliament, pafled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majeflty, intituled. An aft for the further find better regulation of buHdihgs and parry walls * and for tbttdore tffeUmUy preventing laifchiefs by fire within the cities of London and Weftminftcr, and the liberties thereof and other the parijfre$y precinfts, and places, ttriih-.in the weekly bills of mortality, the parijbes of Saint Mary le Bon,

Ptddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chellea in the county 0/Middlefex * and for indemnifyingunder certain conditions,

Idityers and other perfons againft the penalties to which they are or may be-liable for erefting buildings within the limits aforefaid contrary to kvo\ any thing in the faid adk contained to the contrary not* ttitHftanding.

CAP. LVII.

Aft aft for watering Piccadilly, from thr end of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlefe*.

G A P. LVIII.

An aft. forJtghtiag the greets, lanes roads, and (niblick padages, within tfcetown of Hampftead, ^rnd parts adjacent within the parifh of Hamf>-ftead, in the county of Mtddlefex j and for eftabiilhing a nightly w«t«h therein, and a patroie between the faid town and London.

CAP. LIX.

An hft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the htrti-dftch of Milford and Launditcp, in the county of Norfolk.

#	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. C. 60—65. [>775 CAP. LX. .

An alt for extending the duty of two-pennies Scots, or one-fixtb part of a penny fteriing, payable on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold m the village of Port Glafgow abd the privileges thereof, over the town of Newark $ for fupplying the inhabitants of Port Glafgow and Newark with frefli water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the ftreets of the faid two towns; for erelting publick markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in repair, the breaft and eaft and weft quays ot the harbour of Port Glafgow, and other purpofcs therein mentioned*

C A P. LXI.

An alt for vetting in James Watt, engineer, his executors, adminiftraton and affigns,the foie ufe and property of certain (team, engines, commonly called Fire Engines, ot bis invention, defcribed in the faid aft, throughout his Majefty't dominions, for a limited time*

CAP. LXII.

An alt for completing and maintaining the pier at the town of Mevagif-ley in the county of Cornwall*

CAP. LXIII.

An alt for repairing the highways and bridges in the (hire of Aigyll.

CAP. LXIV.

An alt for the more eafy and fpecdy recovery of fmall debts within the hundred of EUoe, in the coanty of Lincoln*

CAP. LXV.

An alt for draining and prefervmg certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the federal parifhes of Rarafcy, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Somerfham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parifhes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Iflc of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Preamble. Lands defcribed* So much of former alts as relates to the lands under this alt repealed. Fen lands, &c. to be under the contrail of the commiffioners under this alt. Provifo deferibing the lands to be under the oontroul of commiflioners till Wimblington Leam,&c. be widened^cc. Provifo. Lands before defcribed to be two diftri&s for embanking* Lands divided into five diftrilts for drainage. Firlt diftrilt for draining-Second diftrilt for draining. Third diftrilt for draining. Fourth diftnft for draining. Fifth diftrict for draining. Commiflioners for the general embankment. Number of commiffioners for the lower diftrilt. Com-miffioners dying, new ones to be chofen. Perpetual commiffioners. Qualification of commiffioners. Real owner of two. commonable houfea, or ten acres of feveral land in upper diftrilt, may appoint a commiffioner for every houfe, and 15 acres, pverand above whicn he pofTefTes. Commiffioners for draining. Commiffioners for the firft diftrilt; —- fecond di-ftrilf; — third diftrilt; — fourth diftri&; —fifth diftrilt. Every owner of 40 acres of taxable land in the firft diftrilt may appoint a commiffioner for every 56 acres over and above which he pofTefTes. Every owner of jo acres within the fecond diftrilt may appoint a commiffioner for every 50 acres over and above which he pofTefTes. Each deputy to be owner, &c. of 10 acres in fecond diftrilt. Lords and ladies of manors of Warboys, Little Ravely, &c. in the third diftrilt, may appoint com miffioners, &c. Every owner of 40 acres in the fourth diftrilt may appoint a commiffioner for every 50 acres over and above which he pofiefiea; every fuch deputy to be owner of 10 acres. Every owner of two meffuage% or *0 acres, to appoint a commiffioner for every two mefiuages and to acres over and above which he pofTefTes; every deputy to be owner of one mef* fuage, Sec. Names of the deputies for the five diftrilt? to be inroiled one month before they aft. Time and place of meetings of commiflioners.

Power

Digitized by Google

*775*3 Anno dedmo quinto Georgii III, c.65.

Power of adjournment, Sec, Commiffionert to rate and a fiefs upper and lower diftrifts, not/to exceed i s. per acre in upper diftrift, nor 3 s. per a-ere in lower diftrift. Taxes to be paid at places commifiioners (hall appoint, Sec, Charges of this aft how to be paid. Power to lay 6 d an acre more for payment of the charges of the aft, if neceffary. Time and place of meetings of commifiioners for draining. Commifiioners impowered to afleis the diftrifts in certain fums above the fums directed to be levied on the upper and lower diftrifts. Commifiioners of Ramfey firft diftrift itn-powemi to lay further rates, for repairing of mills, and for payment of debts. Commifiioners of firft diftrift impowered to jay a tax of 10s. per acre, and cammifiioucrs of fecond diftrift a tax of 10s. per acre, in the firft year. Tenants for life, guardians, truftees,&c may charge their lands for paying the taxes} and may mortgage or leafe fuch lands as a fecurity, Jcc. Commifiioners impowered to borrow^ money upon the credit of the rates. The fums to be borrowed in each diftrift. Alignments to be numbered, but none to be made tor any lefs fora than 501. in e£cb diftrift. Securities may be affigned. Rates chargeable with the payment of tbe principal money and intereft. On default of payment, rates fhall veft in the creditors lifl paid. No money to be borrowed at any meeting, unlefs the proper number of commiifioners for each dHtrift (hall be prefent. Debts doe to John Gardner eibuire, to have priority of payment. Money due to John Waddington and John Gardner efquires, to be paid firft out of the rates within the fifth diftrift. Part of the debts under Sutton and Mepal a&f,cbargeab]eupon the lands taken from the controul of the commifiioners under tbe (aid a£ts. Commifiioners may inclofe part of Warboys commons. How the money arifing from letting fuch inclofures is to be applied. If the money arifing from letting of the inclofures is infufficient to pay the rates, tbe unfndofed parts liable to tbe remainder. If tenants refufe to pay their rents at the times mentioned in their Jeafes, commifiioners may recover by diftrefs. If commifiioners of third difl rift n eg left to inftofe the commons, for 3 months, their powers. See. veiled in the commifiiorfers of the upper diftrift. Provifo. Grounds fo inclofcd not to pay tithes,&c. Rates , upon Crollode common by whom to be borne. Part of Somerfham common to be inclofed. How the taxes laid on Chatteris common may be recovered. Colleftors may diftrain for payment of taxes. If (ufficient di-ftreGs cannot be found on the lands, the property of perfons making d fault may bediftrained in any other place; and if the money rated be not paid within five days,the goods may be fold. Tenants to pay taxes, and deduft the fame out of their rent. Perfons refuting to pay the rates for one month after due, to forfeit tworpence in the (hilling for what is in ar- . rear. Commifiioners impowered to colleft arrears of taxes under former aftsof parliament. Commifiioners may take earth to fupport the banks, &c. ana may cleanfe, widen, and make cuts, drains, See. making fatisfac-tion to tbe owners of the foil. Difputes to be fettled by tho juftices, whole detertoination (hall be final. In cafe of any breach, &c> banks may be altered. Commifijoners of the lower diftrift for embanking, together with commifiioners for the Three Hundred Acre Farm, to cut drains, ereft mills, &c. Commifiioners of lower diftrift to make particular drains. New drains to be .begun next to the Forty Foct River. Commifiioners of upper and lower diftrifts to make (launch doors in Slade Load Drain, at the hard lands in Chatteris. Penalty on perfons opening the faid doors when Aut, without an order figned by commifiioners. Commifiioners impowered to lay taxes on the lower diftrift for carrying on the faid works, over and above all other taxes, not exceeding 10 s. the firft year, nor 2s. in any other year, per acre. The ftile on Northey bank to oe kept in repair by the commifiioners of the upper diftrift for embanking. Commifiioners for firft diftrift to make drains, and ereft a mill. Proprietors of lands adjoining may ereft doors next the fayi drain for letting the waters into the fame. No'water to be conveyed into the faid drain between the faid farm and Paddock drove, nor into tbe divifion ditch between the faid farm and the lands of Mrs. Kerrich. Mr. Flemming to fopport his banks. Penalty of 50I. oh cutting any of the banks. Commifiioners of firft diftrift to'flop up the dike ends between Mr. Flemming and Mrs*Kerrich's lands, and to ereft (Liles as fences, CommifliaiHrs impowered to .ereft mills and maker . VOL. XXXI.	K	draius

Digitized by LnOOQle

130

Anno dedmo quinto GgoROM III, c. 6$.	f 1775.

drains in the fecond diftrift. A drain to be made, and mitt orefted, for draining Warboys common. Commiflioners of the third diftrift to place a (launch door or doors in the ditch which divides Mrs. Kerrich's land, and the Weft Water. If commiflioners of third diftrift (offer (launch doors to remain open more than two hours before the mill is going* Ac. to pay double damage. Any perfon having the care of ftannch doors* and fuffering them to continue open more than two hours. Sec. to be com* mittedi Owners may (hut the (launch doors. Scc. and keep them and the banks in repair, if commiflioners refufe j and be paid their expences bf the treafurer of the third diftrift. No land of Mr. Wyldbore to be cut or taken for repairing; banks,except for the general embankment. Mr. Wyld-bore's and Mr. Flemming’s land, and L'rollode Common, not fubjeft: to drainage tax. Commiflioners of fourth diftrift may ereft mills next Fenton load. Commiflioners of fifth diftrift to ereft in fide mills for drainage, Ac. Owners of the Three hundred Acre Farm may ereft mills at their own expenoe. No infide mills permitted to go till the great mills are ready for working, nor during any breach. See, of the bank, or when the great mills are dilabled from going. 5I. penalty for offending. Com-mifuoners of Sutton and Mepal afts to drain the Three hundred Acre Farm till certain works are completed. Owners to drain, if commiflioners refufe. If one grejt mill be difabled, half of the others to ceafe going* Sec. Proprietors of adjacent lands may lay tunnels into Fenton Load and the T«enty Feet Drain. Commiflioners of the lower diftrift for embank* ing, Scc. to make a bank from War boys Common tolhe Three hundred Acre Farm. Proprietors of Warboys High Fen to make a bank from a place oppofite the Twelve Feet Drain to Wilthorn Ware. Commiflioners of fourth and fifth didrifts may by tunnels to let waters out of the Forty Foot into the Twenty Feet Drain. Chatteris Commoners to ereft a bridge in Chatteris Acre Fen. Monies advanced towards carrying on tne works in the upper or lower diftrift for embanking to be repaid out of the tuuk arifing or laid in the firft year. Commiflioners to order a furvey and map to be made. High lands not to he charged. Manner of determining which are high lands. Perfons deftroying the works deemed guilty of felony. Perfons cutting the works to forfeit 1001. Penalty on perfons laying obftruftions in drains and fifherie*. Penalty on perfons allowing hogs to wander on .the banks. Perlons burning the banks by careieflhefs, to make good the damage. No hods to be cut within 40 feet of any banks, except in the third diftrift Perfons erefting horfe mills, or any more mills than direfted by this aft, to forfeit 501. and 51. per day while fuch ereftions (hall continue. No houfes to be built, nor trees. See, planted, nearer to mills than 50 poles, under the penalty of too 1. Treet and holts now growing withfn 50 poles may be cut down. If owners, See. negleft to fcour or repair dikes, the fame to be done at their expence. Commif* fioners annually to view and repair fuch works as (hall be neglefted in any of the faid didrifts. Treafurer of any diftrift where default (nail be to pay all the expences. On negleft of the commiflioners for the diftrift where any breach (hall happen commiflioners of the other diftrift may repair the fame. Mills to be endued. No banks, &c. to be taken away til) the mills are ready to work. Commiflioners to appoint officers, and allow them falaries. Officers may be removed after 5 days notice. Treafurer and other officers to give fecurity. Officers to account yearly at the general meeting, and to attend with Their books. See. Accounts palled and allowed, to be entered in two feparate books, Sec. Officers of each diftrid to account as often as required $ and in cafe of negleft to be committed. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reverfed, unlels a certain number of commiflioners be prefent, and the major part contenting thereto, nor unlefs 10 days notice he given. Juftices may adminifter oath#i and may aft although commiflioners, except where pcrfonally in-terefted. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, Sec. Plaintiffs recovering to have full colts,Sec. No plaintiff (hall recover if tender of amends has been made. Penalties how to be recovered. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Ordfcrs not to be quafhed for want of form. How offenders may be proceeded againft. No writings to be Chargeable with ftamp-duty. Quorum of commiflioners. Commiflioners*

■S

Digitized by :>ogle

1775*] Anno dedmo qUinto GeorGii III.	13	c

a&mg not being qualified to pay 501. Orie moiety to the profecutor, and

the other for the works, How notice of meetings is to be given. Form

of conviftion. Saving the rights of the commiffioners of Ramfey firft di-

ftrift. Saving claufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Saving claufe	/

to commiffioners of Nene. Saving of rights to bodies politick, &c. Sav-

ing the rights of turnpike commiffioners: but not to impower them to

make any cuts for water crofs the road, fo as to injure the lands to be

drained by this aft. Limitation of aftions. General ifiue* Treble coils*

Pablfck aft.	1

CAP. LXVI.

Aaaft for draining and preferring certain land* and ground* in the pa. riihes of Wifbech Saint Peter's and Wiibech Saint Mary's, and in the hamlets of Wifbech Murrow and Wifbech Guy him, in the Ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Preamble. Commiffioners names. Time and place of the meetings of commiffioners* What number fhall conftitute a meeting. Time of firft meeting. Expences allowed to commiffioners at meetings. All orders,

&e. to he made at meetings only, and not to be altered, unlefs five commiffioners concur. In cafe of death, See. of commiffioners new ones to be cbofen. Bifhop of Ely, &c. may nominate commiffioners. Certain com* miffioners may appoint proxies. Penalty on perfons afting as coaimif-fioners not being qualified. Commiffioners im powered to dig and take earth from certain lands, and to fet up mills, and make bridges, &c. to fell trees, and remove other obftruftiohs, paying for the damage. If parties cannot agree, damage to be fettled by the juftices. Proviio. Saving	4 j

claufe. If the white mill be enlarged, tne red mill to be alfo enlarged*

How earth may be taken away to widen the drain at Tun Green, &c.

Commiffioners im powered to fupport the bank from Murrow bank to the white engine. Provifo. Bridges to be provided where neceflary. Proprietors of lands lying on the north fide of the drain between Little Dowgate and the red mill to have free paflage over the fame. Commiffioners powen refpeftingthe works, and appointing of officers, &c. ColUftors and receivers to give fecurity, and to account at the general meeting, „ How officers refuting to account may be punifhed. Acre taxes to be made, and in what proportions. Provifo refpefting a place called The Nine Hundred*

Lands to be meafured. Tenants to pay the tax, and to deduft it from * their rent. Certain perfons not ihtitled to deduft the tax. If perfons make default in payment of taxes, how they may be recovered. Manner of proceeding, when diftrefs cannot be found on the lands. Lands untenanted to remain a fecurity for the rates. Money may be borrowed not exceeding 6000I. and the rates be affigned a? a fecurity for payment. Alignments to be entered in a book, and notified to the clerk within three	,

months. Clerk's fee. Alignments may be transferred. Expences of this aft how to be paid. Rates to be chargeable with money borrowed.

Transfers or other lecurities may be without ftamp9. Penalty on perfons wflfalty deftroying mills, floodgates, &c. or permitting fwine to ftray on the banks, or fetting nets in the drains, See. or oiherwife damaging,any other of the works. Rates, &c. to be entered in books. Receipts to be examined annually. Accounts allowed of to be entered in a book, which may be infpefted without fee. Proceedings of commiffioners to be enter, ed in books How outring or divifion dikes are to be maintained, See.

If owners refufe to fcour, See. and remove all obftru&ions, commiffioners may caufe the fame to be done, and levy the money expended by diltrefs.

Rights ot commiffioners of fewers over thefe lands to c#afe. Not to invalidate the Halfpenny Acre Shot. Dike reeves under commiffioners of fewer! tocolleft rates already laid, except as excepted, and how to be applied.

Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble colts. Relerving rights of confervators of Bedford Level. Publick aft* '

CAP.

Digitized by	e	s

Anno decim.o quinto GeoRGII III, c•67-^73.	[1775.

CAP. LX VII.

An aft for amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the hamlet of South Town* otherwtfe Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the county of Suffolk,

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted in an aft± made in the third year of his prefent Majefly s reign, for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Crofs, in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk ; for repairing the road branching out of and leading from the aforefaidroad, near The Devil’s Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the prefent turnpike road which leads to Cambridge; and \ for repairing the highway, through the town 0/Newmarket to the prefent turnpike road, from thence to Thetford.

CAP. LXIX.

An aft for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An a6t for repairing and widening the road leading from Por~ thaethwy Perry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglefea.

CAP. LXX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powirs of feveral afts for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county ^Bucks, to Stokenchurch, | in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft to continue the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-fxth year of the reign of bis late majejiy King George the Second, for repairing and widening the feveral roads in che county of Pee-blcs, leading from T weed’s Crofs towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blythe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Inglefton, through Carlops, until all the fold toads join the limits of the county 0/* Edinburgh.

CAP. LXX1I.

An aft for continuing and making more effeftual feveral afts of par-liament for reparing the roads from Luton, in the county of Bed-foul, to Weft wood Gate, in the faid county y and from Luton to Saint Alban’s in the county 0/* Hertford.

-	C	A	p'.	LXX	III.

An aft to enlarge the term of feveral afts, paffed in the fixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Firfl, and the tenth, thirteenth, and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, for repairing the highivays from Old Stratford, in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick; and for more efftftually amending the faid highways.

End of Part I. Vol. XXXL

. Digitized by Google

THE

Statutes at Hajcge,

Annodecimofexto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Seflion of the Pourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn,Efq;

Voi. XXXI. Part II.

/

L

Digitized by

Googl



Digitized by . )OQle

T	A  A B	L	E
S T	0 F T H E  A T U	T	E S

PUB LICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno decimo

GEORGII III.

Being the Second Sellion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. 1.T7OR continuing and granting to his Majefty certain X1 duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix. .

Cap. 2. For puniihing mutiny and defertion j and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. To enable his Majefty for a limited time to oall out and aflemble the militia in all cafes of rebellion within this realtn . of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging ; and to fummon the parliament in the cafes and manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-fix.

Cap. 5. To prohibit all trade and intercoutfe with the colonies cf New Hampjbire,	MaJJacbufet's	Bay,Rhode Ijland,

New Tori, New Jerfey, Penplvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryfand, Virginia, North	,	South	Carolina,	and

Vox.. XXXI.	a	Gear.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Georgia, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the laid colonies refpedively; for repealing an a£f, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* to difcontinue the landing and difchargtng, lading or Jhipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and within the harbour of Bofton, in the province of Maflachufet’s Bay; and alfo two ads, macjc the laft feffion of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid ads refpedively mentioned; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Ma-jefty to grant pardons, to iiTue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap.. 6. For giying a publick reward unto fuch perfon br perfons, being his Majefty’s fubjed or fubjeds, as (hall difcover a northern paflage for veflels by fea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and alfo unto fuch as (hall firft approach by fea within one degree of the northern pole.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 8. For making perpetual fo much of an ad, made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, “ An aft for importation of faked beefy “port, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ and for “ allowing the importation of falted beef, port, bacon, and butter, “from the Britifh dominions, in America, for a limited time” as relates to the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland: and alfo another ad, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to permit tbcfree importation of cattle from Ireland.

Cap. 9. For the better relief and employment of the poos within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majefty to make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the Tame; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 11. To continue an ad made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft to amend and render more cjfeftual in bis Majefiy s dominions in America an aft, pajfcd in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, tc An aft for punifhing mutiny and dejertion, 44 and for the betterpayment of the army and their quarters f and fir extending the provi/tons of the faid aft to his Majefiy* s marine fonts in America.

Cap. 12. To continue, for a further time, an ad, made in the feventh year of his prefent Majeft/s reign, intituled. An oft to difcontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs-lard, and greafe.

Cap. 12. For the better fecuringa fund, belonging to certain perfons or the theatre royal in Drury-lane, applicable to charita* ble ufes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. Forredifyingmiftakesrinthe names of feveral of the i '	"l	^Coin-

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cpmmiflloncrs appointed by an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, to put in execution an ad made in the fame feflion, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the ferviee of the year one thcufandfeven hundred andfeventy-five 5 and for appointing other commiflioners* together with thofe named in the firft-mentioned ad, to pvit in execution an ad of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice or the year one thoufand feven hundred and fc~ fenty-fix*

Cap. 15. For the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parifh of Saint George, in the county of Middlefex; and for cleanfing and lighting the fquaresj ftreets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and other open paflages and places; and for keeping and regulating a nightly watch within fuch parts of the faid parifh as are not within the liberty of the tower of London.

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers, granted by three* ads of parliament, for laying a duty of twopennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, aAd the liberties and fuburbs thereof, for the pur-poles in the faid a6ls mentioned.

' Cap. 17. For building a bridge acrofs the river Severn from btntball, in the county of Salop, to the oppofite fhore at Madelrf Wood, in the faid county 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the fame. ’

Cap. 18. For enlarging the term of letters paterit granted by his prefent Majefty to Elizabeth Taylor of the town of- Southamp~~ ten, widow, for the foie ufe and exercife of certain engines, tools, inftruments, and other apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, ufed iri the rigging of (hips.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix.

Cap. 20. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefleJs.

Cap. 21. To amend an a6t, parted in the third year of his fate Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for making navigable the rivet Stroudwater, in the county of GJoucefter, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload to Wallbridge, near the town of Stroud, in the fame county; and for giving other powers, for the purpofe of making a navigation from Framiload to IF all bridge aforefaid.

Cap. 22. Forrebuilding the parifh church of Tatdebigg, in the counties of Wotcefer and Warwick.	-

Cap. 23. For the better regulation and government of thfc pilots conducting (hips and veflels into and out of the port of Bojlon, in the county of Lincoln 5 and for affixing and fettirvj; down mooring-pofts upon the banks or high marfhes within or

a 2	ad-

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

'adjoining to the haven and harbour of the faid port; and fof affixing and laying dovfn bridges over the creeks upon the high marffies within or adjoining to the faid haven and harbour; and for preventing mifchiefs by lire in the faid haven and harbour.

Cap. 24. For veiling certain eftates, now held in truft for the benefit of the royal hofpital for feaitien at Greenwich, in the commiffioners and governors of the faid hofpital, incorporated by his Majefty’s letters patent.

Cap. 25. For lighting and watching the ftreets, lanes, and Other publick paffagesand places, within the borough of Bojion^ in the county of Lincoln \ and for removing and preventing nui-fances, annoyances, and obftructions therein.

Cap. 26. For lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and Peikham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for eftabliftiing a foot patrole between Peckham and Blackman~flreet in the borough of South-’ tvark,

Cap. 27. For better cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages, within the borough of Dorchejler, in the county of Dor Jet, and in the tithing of Colliton-row, in the town of Dorchejler atorefaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horfeways of fuch parts thereof as are turnpike ; and for paving the footways and repairing the horfeways of fuch parts thereof as are not turnpike; for removing nui-fances, annoyances, and obftru&ions therein; and for preventing houfes or buildings, hereafter to be erected in the faid borough and tithing, from being thatched.

Cap. 28. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of U^orcejler, to join the Staffordjhire and IVorcejlerJbire canal, at or near Stourton* in the county of Stafford*, and alfo two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens upon Petifnet-cbace, to communicate with the intended canal near the junction of Wordejlty-brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delph, upon the faid chace, to join the firft-mentioned collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parifih of Kingfwinford, in the faid county of Stafford.

Cap. 29. For vefting in John Liardet, clerk, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, the foie ufe and property of a certain compofition or cement of his invention, throughout his Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. More effectually to prevent the dealing of deer, and \o repeal feveral former ftatutes made for the like purpofe.

Cap. 31. For fecoring a fund belonging to certain perfons of the theatre royal, Covent-garden, applicable to charitable ufes; and for other purppfps.

Cap. 32* To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey, to make a navigable canal from (he (aid navigation, on the I’outh fide^of Harecajlle% in the

county

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

county of Stafford, to Frogball, and a rail-way from thence to or near Gallon, in the faid county $ and to make other railways.

Cap. 33* To remove the danger of fire amongft the (hips in the port of Brijlol, by preventing the landing certain commodities on the prefent quays; and tor providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and ftoring the fame; and for regulating the faid quay, and the lighters, boats, apd other veflels carrying goods for hire within the faid port of Briffol; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majefty feveral duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned ; and feveral rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and upon cards, dice, and newfpapers; and for raifing the fum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with annuities.

Cap. 35. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred andfeventy-fix.

Cap. 36. For the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard-filhery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 37. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in Ame-tua, and ro the ifland of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons with refpeft to advifmg or carrying into execution his Majefty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

Cap. 38. For the relief of infolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes.

Cap. 39. For repealing a claufe in an aA, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aSf to explain, amend, and reduce into one alt of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes 5 which relates to the counterfinking of the tire of the wheels of all waggons, wains, and other carriages, to be ufed on turnpike roads; and for explaining a provifion in the faid aft, with refpeft to the fellies and tire of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the gauge of fix inches or upwards.

Cap. 40. For obliging the overfeers of the poor, within the feveral parilhes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain queftions, fpe-citied in the aft, relative to the ftate of their poor; and to au-thorife and require the juftices of the peace, within their re-fpeftive divifions and jurifdiftions, in the feveral counties and cities in England and Wales, to take inch returns ppon oath,

a 3	*	and

r

Digitized by

Google



A TABLE of the STATUTES:

and to caufe them to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

Cap. 41. For granting a bounty upon flax feed, the growth of the United Provinces^ or of the Aujirian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 42. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Prtjlon, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftri&ionsas corn, grain, and flour is allowed to be landed at the feveral ports mentioned in an a£t, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn•

Cap. 43. To authorife, for a limited time, the punifhment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or (hall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations.

Cap. 44. For fufpending for a limited time, fo much of an *61, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An all to explain, amende and reduce into one all of parlia-ment^ the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes, as is to fubjedt carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inches, to the payment of dou«* ble tolls; and for vacating contrails for leafing tolls.

Cap. 45/For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 46. To enable the commiflioners of his Majefty's trea-fury to order .and allow, out of the money arifing by the coinage duty, a certain fum therein mentioned, for the expence of pro-fecuting offenders againft the laws relating to the coin, over and above the fum yearly allowed for that purpofe.

Cap. 47. For the further encouragement of the whale fiftiery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Briti/h dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the cuftonfrs in the ifland of Newfoundland.

Cap. 48. For allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when warehoufed upon importation into this kingdom; to impower the commiflioners of the cuftoms to order all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no profecutions have been had for the fpace of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be deftroyed; and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom; and for charging the fame with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking f\md, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commiflion and warrant officers of the royal navy;

and

/

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tick* ets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, J>umt, or deftroyed.

Cap. 50. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jufticesof the peace, or others, who have omitred to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and /or giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attor-nies and folicitors.

Cap. 51. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muflins, and callicoes, imported by theEqft India company in the years one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-three, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; for allowing further time to the faid company toexpofe tofale fuch bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unfold on the fifth day pf April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; and alfo fuch bohea teas as (hall be imported on or before a certain time; *nd for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of fuch teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the draw-back on the exportation of coffee imported in the (hip Sbrew/r bury, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three.

Cap. 52. To declare hi.s Majefty’s natural-born fubjedls inheritable to the eftates of their anceftors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens.

Cap. 53. To continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the IJle of Wight, and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the faid corporation, and to provide new powers and regulations for the members of the fame; and to repeal pn*a&, paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Maj^fty, intituled. An a£l for eftablijking a boufe or houj&s of indujlry in the Ifle of Wight, for the reception, maintenance, end employment of tire poor belonging to the jevcral pari/bes and places within the Jaid ijland.	’	,

_ Cap. 54. To continue an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, Ati ad to'prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts \) and alfo an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An d£i to prohibit the importation of light ftlr vtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain Jum.

Cap. 55. To enable the truftees of certain charity lands belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of Lan-#afer^ to grant building-leafes thereof.

a 4 ,	Cap.	56.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 56. For fupplying the borough and town of Brecbeoeh, and liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, cleanfing, regulating, and lighting, the ftreets, lanes, and publick paflaget there; and for widening and making commodious fome of the faid ftreets, lanes, and paflages.

Cap. 57. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the borough and tdwn of Weymouth and Meltombe Regis, in the county of Dorfet; and for removing all encroachments, obftru&ionsj and annoyances therein.

Cap. 58* To explain and amend an ad made in the twelfth year of his ptefent Majefty, for pavings cleanfing, lightings and watching, the Jlreets and lanes in the town and parifh of Chatham, in the county of Kent 5 and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein; and to extend the provifions of the faid ad to fuch parts of the higb-flreet in Chatham, as are fituate in the pariihes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the faid town.

Cap. 59. For lighting and watching the town of Portfmoutby in the county of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an ad, pafled in the eighth vear of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, for the better paving and cleanfing the ftreets and other pub-lick paflages in thq faid town, and for preventing nuifances and annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious.

Cap. 60. To amend and render more effedual an ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for opening certain paflages; and for paving the ftreets and other places, in the parifti of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Mid-dlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein ; and for extending the powers of the faid ad to fuch part of a lane, called Hog-lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton-Falgate% in the faid bounty.

Cap. 61. For ereding a lighthoufe or lighthoufes and landmarks in or near the port of Chejler, and for placing buoys-upon the banks and Ihoals leading into and in the faid port $ and for regulating of pilots and perfons towing or tracking of vef-fels to and from the city of Chejler; and for fixing the rates payable for the fame refpedively.

Cap. 62. To enable the commifiioners of fewers for ieveral limits in the eaftern parts of the county of Kentf more eflfedu^ ally to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Vallies.

Cap. 63. For widening and improving feveral ftreets in the ♦own of MancheRer\ and for opening new ftreets or paflages within the faid town.

Cap. 64. For draining, embanking, and preferving, certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderkts, in the pariihes of Glatton and Holme% in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 65. For making the river navigable, from the rr-^er Trent to Btjbop's Meadow, within the liberty of Garrento

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

iti the county of Leicejier\ and for making^ and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from thence, near, or up, and into The RttJbfSj at Loughborough, in the faid county.

Cap. 66. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, within and from certain lands, beloning to Thomas Talbot Foley Efquire, in the parilh of Dudley, in the county of JVorceJler^ to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation, at a place called Black Delphi upon1 Penfnet-chace, in the parilh Kingfwin-fori, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an a£t, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the high roads from Bafingftoke through Popham-lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county ^Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb-corner in the county of Wilts; and alfa for repairing and widening the road from Spittlehoufe over Weyhill to Mullen’s Pond, in the faid county of Southampton; as relates to the roads from Bafngjioke to Lobcomb-corner in the county of

Cap. 68. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<S, parted in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An ah for repairing the road from the Weft Cowgate, near the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne, through the wejl end of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north fide of the river Wanfpeck, in the county ^Northumberland.

Cap. 69. For continuing the term and varying the powers of two adts, palTed in the third and feventeenth years of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from, that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochefler, to Scant Dunfiaris Crofs near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the pre-fent turnpike road at or near a place called Makenade~cornery in the parilh of PreJiony to Bagham-crofs and Sha Imsford - lane-endy in the parilh of Chilhamy in the faid county.

Cap. 70. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an acft,made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for widening and repairing the road leading from Horf-ham, in the county of Suflex, through Cape!, Dorking, Mickle-ham, <raiLeatherhead,,/0 tie Watch-houfe in Ebbifham, in the tetmty of Surry ; and from Capel to Stone-ftreet, in the parijb of Ockley, in the faid county of Surry.

Cap. 71. For amending and keeping in repair the road from, Doncafter to the turnpike-road which leads from Bawtry to Retford in the counties df York and Nottingham.

Cap. 72. For enlarging the term and powers of an afl, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads, leading from the tali Rde 0/Ltncoln-heath, to the city of Peterborough : and from the eaft end of Marham-hne, to the town of 1	Wain

jf

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Walton, in the county of Northampton; and from'the town of Bourn to the town of Colfterworth; andfrom Donnington High Bridge, to the trofs~pofl, in the parifb of Hacconby; and from toe eajl end of a line called H[aledrove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of Long-hedge, in the parijb of Quarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of an adt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing arid widening the road from the White ftoop near tie north end of the town of Derby, through the toivm of Duffield and Chefterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York j and from the faid town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of Wirkf-worth, in the faid county of Derby.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers of two adts, made in the twenty-fecond and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King Gccrge the Second,/ir repairing the road from Wansford-bridge, in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the faid county; and for repairing and widening the road from the north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike-road in the pariih of Bourn, to the market-crofs in Bourn.

Cap. 75. For repairing and widening the road from the Market-crofs in the townlhip of Clithero, to Salford-bridge in the town of Blackbourn, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

Cap. 76. To continue and render more effectual feveral adts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Rigbgate• gate-koufe and Hampjlead, and other roads in the Said adts mentioned, in the county of Miidlefex\ and alfo to continue and ren* der more effedtual, An oft to enable the refpeftive trujlees of the turnpike-reads leading to Highgate-gatehoule and Hampftead, and from Saint Giles’s-pound to Kilboume, to make a new road from the great northern road at Iflington to the Edgeware road near Paddington, fo far as the fame is by the faid adt diredied to be under the care and management of the truftees of the faid firft mentioned adts ; and for making a road from the faid new road, near £)ueerfs-roWy to Bagnigge-wajh, and for watching, lighting, and watering, the faid roads.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an adt, paffed jn the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Seconder repairing the road leading from the to wn of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called Monk’s-bridge, in the faid county; and alfo from the faid town of Ludlow to a place or houfe jailed The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the county ^Hereford.

Cap. 78. For continuing the term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the powers of an adt of the twenty-fixth of King George the Second, for repairing abd widening feveral roads therein mentioned in the county of JVorcefier, and for repealing

4o

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lb much of an aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from Knight sford-bridge to a certain houfe at Red Mar ley ^ in the parifh of Great Witky, in the faid county, and for putting the fame under the mapagement of the truftees for executing the faid firft mentioned aft ; and for amending other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. For continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two feveral afts of parliament refpefting roads near the borough of AJhburton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, patted in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

Cap. 81. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, patted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of.his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from Leicefter to Narborough, and from Leicefter to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter leading towards Stoneleigh town \ andfor fapplying an omijfton in an aft* paffed in the lafl Jeffton of parliament, for repairing the road from Leicefter to AQiby-de-la-Zoucb, in the county of Leicefter; fo far as the fame relates to the Road from' Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, ^nd from the faid city of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

Cap. 8a. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, patted In the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, fo far as relates to repairing the road from Tadcajler to Halton-dyal, in the weft riding of the county of dferi.

Cap. 83. For repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the prefent turnpike road at Elfdon Higb-crofs, near the town of Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland, on the north-caft fide of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleugh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

private acts.

f • A N aft for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John George jLjL Bindheifen.

2.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Henry Baleman.

3.	An aft to enable the right honourable Robert Craggs lord yifeount Clare, and the right honourable Wellbore Ellis, to take,

in

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

trt Great Britain, the oath of office as vice-treafurer, and receiver-general, and paymader general, of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themfelvcs for the eu* joyment of the faid offices.

4.	An ad for naturalizing John Martin Fujhs.

5.	An ad for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6.	An ad for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeie.

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain commons, or pieces of wade ground, in the parilhes of Bonfall^ Wirkfwortb9 and Matlock, in the county of Derby.

8.	An ad for naturalizing Nis Niffen and Chriftopber Gabriel Marwade.

9.	An ad for naturalizing JohnWilTiam Paul and Claes Grill.

10.	An a61 for naturalizing Charles $>uijlf

, 11. An a61 for veding certain tneiTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feverat cpunties of Durham, Middlefex, Berks, and Suffix, and in the city of London (part of the freehold and copy-hold edates devifed by the will of George Bowes efquire deceafed,) in trudees, to be fold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arife thereby in the purchafe of other mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the famq ufes.

12. An aft for veding the advowfon of the redory of Pew-fey, in the county of iPilts (part of the edate comprized in the marriage fettlement of Stephen late lord Holland, deceafed) in trudees and their heirs, in trud, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arife thereby in finifhing and compleating a man-(ion-boufe at Winterflow, in the fame county.

*3. An ad for veding certain leafehold pieces of ground, in the parifh of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the county of Middle fex, together with a capital mefluage built on part thereof, devifed, by the will of fir John Hales baronet, deceafed, in trudees, in trud, to affign the fame to Henry Herbert efquire, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe, and for applying the confidcra-tion-money in fuch manner as in the aft is mentioned.

14.	An ad to fubjed and charge the prebend of Marjlon Saint Lawrence, in the county of Northampton, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the payment of two feveral perpetual yearly rent charges to dodor Everard Buckworth, and his fuccenors in the faid prebend ; and for diveding the fee-fimple and inheritance thereof out of him and his fucceflors, and for veding the fame, fo charged, in John Blencowe efquire, his heirs and auigns,

15.	An ad for dividing and incloiing the open fields, meadow, padure, and other commonable and wade grounds, with* in the liberties of Gunby and North IVitham, in the county of Lincoln.

j6. An ad for exchanging certain lands, in the parifh and liberties of Spaldwick with Uptbrope, for other lands, in the panto

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tilh of Long Stow, in the county of Huntingdon, in the manner, jnd for the purpofes therein mentioned,

17.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, ings, common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the townships of Jfferby and Goulceby, in the county of Lincofa.

18.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and alfo a certain parcel or trad of common and wafte land called The Link, and other common and wafte land, within the manor and parilh of Leigh, othcrwife Ley, in the county of

Worutler.

19.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, heath, 4fid wafte grounds, within the parilh of Duflou, in the county of Northampton.

20.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and com-mon fields, common meadows, commonable paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parilh of Lidding-

and hamlet of Medbowrn, in the faid parilh of Liddington, in the county of Wilts.

21.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and commonable lands, within thetownlhip, hamlet, precinds, or liberties of Blackthorn, in the parilh of Ambrofden, in the county of Oxford.

21. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, in the parilh of Defborough, in the county of Northampton.

23.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, paftures, ings, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Raithby, near Spilfby, in the county of Lincoln.

24.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the manor of Rufbton Spencer, in the parilh of Leek, in the county of Stafford.

25.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable grounds, within the town-Ihip or liberty of Sutton Saint MichaeTs otherwife Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the county of Nottingham.

26.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Odel, in the county of Bedford\

27.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds lying within the parilh and liberties of JVarmington, in the county of Warwick.

1$. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common or wafte ground, called Boreham IVbod Common, in the parilh of Eljlree, Qjherwife Idlefiree, in the county of Hertford.

2gti An ad For dividing and inclofing the. open fields, meadowy

Digitized

3d by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

dowsj commons* and wafte grounds, in the parifti of Becking* ham, in the county of Nottingham•

* 30. An aft for enabling the honourable George Hobart to in-clofe the heath lands, field lands, and low commons, or fen ground?, in the parifti of Notion, in the county of Lintoln; and for vefting the glebe lands, vicarial tithes, and right of common, belonging to the vicarage of Notion aforefaid, in the faid George Hobart, and for making a compensation to the vicar of the laid parifti in lieu thereof.

31.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parifti of Upton, in the county of Lincoln.

' 22. An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the manor of Lea, in the parifties of AJhover Crick, and Southwinfield, in the county of Derby.

33.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, called AJhwood Hay and JVall Heath, and feveral other parcels of wafte lands and commonable places, part and parcel of AJhwood Hay, fituate within the manor and parifti of Kingfwinford, in the county of Stafford.

34.	An aft for extinguiftiing the right of foil and right of common upon certain pieces or parcels of common or wafte land, in the manor and parifti of Cletver, in the county of Berks; and for vefting the fame in his royal highnefs the duke of Gloucejler, his heirs and afligns, upon tlfe conditions therein mentioned.

35.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, paftures, and commonable and wafte lands, within the manor and parifti of Dorfmgton, in the county

• of Gloucejler.

36.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons or wafte grounds, within the vill, hamlet, or townlhip of Little Harwood, in the parifti of Blackburn, and county of Lancajler.

37.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the parifti and liberties of Alkerton, in the county of Oxford.

38.	An aft to enable Francis Ferrand Moore efquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Foljambe, purfuant to the wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, efquires* deceafed.

39.	An aft to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and hit iflue, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Frith only, purfuant to the will of Neighbour Frith efquire, deceafed.

40.	An aft for naturalizing Charles Godfrey JVolff and Joig AdamHecker.

41.	An aft for naturalizing John Liardet.

42.	An aft for naturalizing Lewis Vialletes Bajlide.

43* An aft for naturalizing John Hoffman.

44.	An aft for vefting feveral detached parts of the fettled eftates of fir James \Ibbeijon baronet, in truftees, to be fold,* and v	for

Digitized by Google

\

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

for the application of the money to arife by ftich fale, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An adtfor impowering Richard Hoare efquire, the furviv-ing truftce named in the will of Mary Arnold, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to make fale of a certain copy-hold mefiuage or tenement at Hampfiead, in the county of Middlefex, with the appurtenances, and the houfehold goods and furniture thereunto belonging, veiled in him by the faid will, upon certain trulls therein exprefled^ and to invert tit# money, to arife by fuch fale, in the purcliafe of lands or tener ments, to be fettled in like manner.

46.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, in the parilhes and liberties .of Hartwell and Stone, in thp county of Buds.

47.	An adt for afcertaining the landed property as well of th# reverend the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Chrijt and the Blejfed Mary tht Virgin at Worcefler, as of others, iituat# in the hamlet of Charlton, in the parilh of Cropthorn, in th* county of WorceJier\ and for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, and other commonable Jand^ within the fam# hamlet.

An a& for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the hamlets of Bar tom and Martcleeve, in the parilh of Bidford% and county of Warwick.

49.	An a£t for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land within the parilh of Great and Little Hampton, in the county of Worcejler.

50.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in th# manor and parilh of North Hinifeyy otherwife Ferry Hinifey, in the county of Berks.

51.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain common and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Brougham, in the county oC Weftmoreland.

52.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common

fields, and commonable grounds, within the panlh of Btunting-tharpe, in the county of Lcicejler.	<

53.	An a«5l for dividing, apportioning, and inclofing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds,, within the manor and parilh of Nettlehamy in the county of Lincoln.

54.	An aft for veiling part of the eftates devifed by the will of Sarah Owen, fpinfter, deceafed, in the counties of Salop, and Montgomery, on truftces, to be fold; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

55.	An a<5t for difeharging part of the eftatc of Nicholas tVrigglefworthy and Ayfcoghe Wrigglefw or th, his eldeft fon, from ibe payment of 2 yearly fum of thirty-five pounds, given by fir

Ed-

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Edward Barkham, long fince deceafed, to charitable ufes, and of and from other incumbrances; and for charging the fame re-(peftively upon a competent part of the eftates of the faid Nicholas Wrigglefwortb and his fon; and for veiling the refidue thereof in truftees, to be fold, fpr the payment of debts, and other the purpofes therein mentioned.

56.	An aft for fettling certain mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parilhes of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the county of Middlefex, to the ufes agreed to be thereof limited, in the fettlement made on the marriage of Jacob Hinde efquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hindi, his wife, with power to make/uch leafes thereof as in the faid aft are mentioned.

57.	An aft for veiling a leafehold mefluage, in Grofvenor-fquare,. in the parilh of Saint George Hanoverfquare, in the county of Middlefex, bequeathed by the will of Edward Rudge efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and other the purpofes therein mentioned.

58 An aft to enable William Clayton efquire, during his life, and the guardians of his infant children after his deceafe, to make building and improving leafes of certain lands and pre-mifes, part of the manor of Kennington, in the county of Storey, held by letters patent from his Majefty, as part of the duchy of Cornwall; and to raife money for payment of the fines and ex-penccs of renewing the faid letters patent, and for defraying the expences to attend the granting fuch building and improving leafes.

59.	An aft for veiling part of the fettled eftates of John Newnham efquire, in the counties of Huntingdon, Middlefex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, in truftees, to be fold; and for purchafing other eftates, in Iteu thereof, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

60.	An aft to difcharge certain lands, heretofore part of the eftate and inheritance of Thomas Eyre, efquire, deceafed, fituate within the lordlhip of High Peak, in the county of Derby, from the payment of a certain fee farm rent of one hundred pounds a year; and for feturing the fame on other parts of the faid eftate.

61.	An aft for enabling the truftees named in the will of William Sterne deceafed, to fell and convey a leafehold eftate, veiled in them by the faid will, upon certain trulls therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinfon efquire, purfuant to articles; and to lay out the money ariling by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

62.	An aft for enabling Cbriftopber Sykes efquire, to raife money by way of charge or mortgage upon divers lands and grounds, in the parilh of Sledntere, in the county pf York, part of the fettled eftates of the faid Cbrijlopher Sykes, on the improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a rent charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his wife, in lieu pf her

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

life eftate in part of the feme lands and grounds, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

63.	An ad for dividing,' allotting, and inclofing, the open undivided common fields and common paftures, within the feveral townChips of Stonegrave, IVeftnefs^ and Nunnington, in the north riding of the county of York.

64.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a common, or moor, called Wooller Common, in the parifh of fVooller, in the county of Northumberland.

65.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the Open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Ickleford, in the county of Hertford.

66.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and improving the wafte and common grounds in the townfhip of Stainburne^ in the parifh of Kirby Overblow, in the county of York.

67.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, meadows, and paftures, within the townfhip of Suttonjipon Der~ went, in the caft riding of the county vf York.

68.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parifh of fValgrave^ in the county of Northampton.

69.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and jvithin the parifh, and liberties of Yelver-toft% in the county of Northampton.

70.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parifh and liberties of Clipflon and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the county of Northampton.

71.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, meadows, ftinted common paftures, free commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Cktrebrougb and JVelham, in the parifh of Clarehrough, in the county of Nottingham.

72.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parifh and liberties of Great Bowden% in the county of Leicefler.

73.	An ad' for dividing and inclofing certain open and uncultivated lands and tracts of wafte ground, called Croweomhe, Heathftld, and Heddon, and parcel of ^uantock Hills, within the parifh of Crowcombey in the county of Somerfet.

74.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open common fields, woods, and average grounds, ings, marfhes, carrs, commons, and other wafte lands, and grounds, within the feveral manors and parifhes of Cawood and JViJlow^ in the county of York.

75.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the lord (hips and parifh of South and North KeVingholmftSxi the county of Lincoln.

Vot. XXXI.	b	76. An

Digitized by	e	'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7*6. An ad fdr dividipg, allotting, and inclofing of the common fields, half-year inclofures, heaths, brooms, breaches, commons, and wade lands, within the parifh of Coney Wejlen, in the county of Suffolk.

77.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open or common fields, common moors, common meadows, common paftures; and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Ifton, in the county of Monmouth.

78.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common arable fields, common meadows, common paftures, moors, commons, and wafte grounds, in the manor of Mulgrave, within the pariftt of Lyth, in the north riding of the county of Tori.

79.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parifh of Yardley Hajlings, in the county of Northampton.

80.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common arable fields, commons, and wade grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Amotherby, in the parifh of Appleton in the Strut, in the north riding, of the county of Tori.

81.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the federal open and common fields, common heath, common pafture, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Welby, in the county of Lincoln.

82.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain common or uninclofed piece or parcel of commonable land or ground, within the' manor or parifh of Wejl Hondo*, in the county of Effex.

83.	An ad to confirm and eftablifh the divifion and indofure of an open arable field, in the parifh of Screveton, in the county of Nottingham; and aifo feveral exchanges of lands within the faid parifh.

84.	An ad to diflblve the marriage of John Elliot dodor in phyfick, with Grace Dalrymple his now wife; and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

85.	An ad to diflblve the marriage of Charles Homed efquirt, .with Sarah Keppel his now wife; and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

86.	An ad to diflblve the marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Lantwart his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

87.	An ad to amend an ad, made and pafled in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Anaftti enable John Medows the elder, gentleman, and his iffue male, U take the furname and arms of Theobald, purfudnt to the will if Elizabeth Theobald widow, detea fed \ and alfo to enable John Medowsj eldeft fbn of the faid John Medows, (now John Theobald) and the heirs of his body, to take the faid furname, and

- bear the faid arms of Theobald.

88.	An ad for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zind.

•	89.	An

Digitized by L.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

89.	An aft for naturalizing John Alexander De Mor/ter.

90.	An a ft for naturalizing Engelbert Mulbaufen.

91.	An ad for naturalizing Marie Magdelqine Chevalier.

92: An aft for vetting in truftees the fettled eftate of the mod noble Peregrine duke of Ancqflkr and Kefteven> in the county of York, to difcharge incumbrances affefting the fame, and other part of the faid fettled eftates; and for purchafing of ettates9 to be fettled to the feveral ufes therein mentioned.

93.	An aft for vetting the free fchool houfe, dwelling-houfe for the matter and ulher, dofe, and other premifes thereto be-longing, in Courtenball, in the county of Northampton, in fir WiU Ham Wake baronet, and his heirs, upon the conditions therein-mentioned.

94.	An aft for the fale of the eftates of fir Chariot Whitwortbr m the county of Somerfet\ and for exonerating the fame, and his eftates in the county of Kent, from the portions of his younger children, provided by his marriage fettlement.

95.	An a ft to enable William Mafterman and Thomas Francis, efquires, to make a title-tocertain leafehold and copyhold eftates of Tbomao Nuthali efquire, deceafed.

96.	An aft for fale of part of the eftates late of John Leigh .

clquire, deceafed, for payment of mortgages, and other debts, to which the faid eftates are liable; and for other purpofes therein mentioned*	'

97.	An aft for vefting the fettled eftates of Robert Dolman efquire, and Robert Dobnan the younger, in Pocklington and *lfe-woere, m the county of York, in truftees, to be fold 5 and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the lame ufes:

98.	An aft for vefting an eftate in the county of Middlefex,, which was fettled by Richard Onflow efquire, deceafed, on his marriage with Poolley Walton, in truftees, in order that the feme may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his heirs, pur-fcant ter an agreement made by him for the purchafe thereof \ and for invefting the purchafe money in three per centum consolidated bank annuities; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

99.	An alt for confirming the fettlements made by Charles Vtre Dajbwood efquire, ,in fatisfaftion of certain articles entered into by him previous to bis marriage, and during his infancy; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

100.	An aft for vefting the .fettled eftates of William UpfolJ, gentleman, in the county of Middlefex, and city of London, in truftees, to be fold; and for ^purchafing other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

101.	An aft for vefting two* fixth parts of the eftates late of Stanhope Mafon, gentleman,, deceafed, in England and Ireland, in truftees, to be fold; and for purchafing other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof,

t	k 2

102. An

Digitized by Google

, A TABLE of the STATUTES.

102* An ad for veftmg feveral eftates late of Samuel Shephard of Exning, in the county of Suffolk^ efquire, deceafed, in truftces, to be fold; and for purchasing other eftates, to beConveyed to the like ufes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

103.	An ad for dividing and allotting certain open and com* mon fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the tithing* or liberties of Eaflbuij, otherwise Ifiury^ and Blagrove^ in the pafrth of Chipping Lambome, in the county of Berks.

104.	An ad for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other common-able lands, of and within the parifh and liberties of Critic m the county of Northampton.

105* An ad for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck9 within the parifh and liberties of JVoeden Seek, in the county of Northampton.

106. An ad for dividing and inciofing certain oppn common fields, ftinted paftures, ami common* moors or wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of CorHdge, in the county of Not* thumberlond.

< 107. An ad for dividing and inciofing the open arahle fields, meadows, paftures, carrs, and other open lands and grounds, within the townftiip pf Fojlon, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

108. An ad for dividing and inciofing the feveral open fields, common paftures, common and other wafte lands and grounds, within the townfhip of Bilton, in the county of York.

log. An ad to diflolve the marriage of fir Thomas Charles Brno* bury baronet, with the right honourable lady Sarah Lenox his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

no. An ad for revefting part of the real and perfonal eftates of the mod noble George duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

hi. An ad for vetting the real eftates comprized in the marriage fettlement of Thomas lord Montforti fituate in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the woods, underwoods, timber, and other trees, growing and being thereon, in truftees, and their heirs, 10 trult, to be fold and difpofed of in manner therein mentioned ; and for applying the monies to arife by fale thereof in the manner therein alfo mentioned.

112.	An ad for the fale of a Jeafehqld eftate, late belonging to fir John Abdy baronet, deceafed, at Btjbofs Cannings in the county of fVtfts, and of timber trees growing on his eftates in the county of Effex* and alfo of his medals and coins, for paying off and discharging certain incumbrances affeding his real eftates in Effex; and for laying out the refidue of the monies arifing by fuch tale in the purcEafe of lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes as his eftates in Effex now ftand fettled by bjs will.

1x3. Aa

A TABLE cf the STATUTES.

\

ii J. An %A for applying the money to arife by fale of Certain mefibages fituate in Gbeapftde, in the city of London, be* vifed by the will of Edmund Efiaurt efqutre, deceafed, to truftees, to be fold, in the building a manfion-houfeupon the fete'ed ' eftates late of the faid Edmund Efcourt, at Sbipron Moyne and Bevel, in the county of Ghuctfer, together, with the ® anerials of the antient manfion houfe now Handing thereon.

114. An ad for veftmg the fettled eftates of Peter John Mey-fwarfefquire, in the ffieef Man, caHcri The Nunnery, in truftees, to be fold; and for laying out the money arifing by inch tale in the pur chafe of lands and hereditaments, in that put of Great Britain called England, to be fettled tn lieu of the faid eftates ia the jJJkef Man, intended to be fold.

it5. An ad fot* vefting certain manors, meffuages, hndvand hereditaments, in thefevml counties of jiftddlefox% Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk, the freehold, copyhold, and leafehold eftates, late of John Albert Bentinck efquire, deceafed, in truftees in truft, to fell, mortgage, or exchange, any part or parts thereof \ and for applying the money to arife thereby in difeharging incumbrances, and making ouildings and improvements on the faid eftates, and in compleating purchafes of lands agreed for'by the hid John Albert Bentinck, and for other purpofes; -and for laying out the refidue of fuch money in the purchafe of other manors, lands, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes as are now fubfifting concerning the fame.

116.	An ad for vetting part of the fettled eftates of Henry Sta-pihen efquire, at Wighill, in the county of the city of York, in the laid Henry StapiUon, in fee fimple; ancf for fettling in lieu thereof other land* and hereditaments of the faid Henry Stapil-ten, lying contiguous to, and fnterfperfed with, the remainder of the faid fettled eftates, and alfo the tithes thereof and of fuch remainder, to the fame ufes.

117.	An ad to enable certain perfons, during the fucceflive minorities of fir William Molefworth baronet, and his brothers, to grant leafes of the eftates devifed to them by the will of fir tViU liam Monte baronet, deceafed.

it8. An ad for vefting certain eftates in the counties of Wilts and Somerfet, late belonging to John Smith efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

119.	An ad for fettling and fecuring certain parts of the lands aod barony of Corfemichael, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Ifibel Gordon of Culvetwan, widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw efquire, for her life, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan efquire, her eldeft fon, and the fame feries of heirs, in fee tail, aod under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty-two, by John Macculloch of Barbolm, and Jean Gordon his wife; and for vefting in the aforefaid Alexander e	Gordon

Digitized by	*

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

Gordon and bis heirs and afligns, in fee fimple,the eftate of Qd-vemtan, and others, lying in die county of Wigton, together with the liim of one thouund nine hundred and feventy-one pounds sterling.

120.	An a& to enable John Whitfield efquire, to charge part of his fettled eftates in the county of Northampton, in the manner therein mentioned.

121.	An adt to enable the re&or of the parilh church of Ha-

therop, in the county of Gloutefter, to exchange part of his glebe lands there, for other lands more conveniently fituated, the property of Samuel Blackwell efquire, in the hamlet, of WilliamJIrip, adjoining to the laid parilh of	Hather

122.	An a£t to diUolve the marriage of the reverend John tins clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

E N D of the TAB LE.

THE

■

Digitized by Google

THE

S T A T U T E S at Large, &c.

Anno regni G E O R G11 III. Regis, Magna	Britannia,Francia,	,

decimo fexto.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November,

Amo Domini 1774,	in the fifteenth year of the reign

of our fovereign lord GEORGE	Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the	faith,&c And from thence

continued by	feveral prorogations,	to the twenty-fixth

day of Ottober, 1775; being the fecond feffion of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain,

C A P. 'I.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year on£ thouund feven hundred and feventy-fix.

CAP. II.

Aa a& for puniftfing mutiny and defertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

C A P. III.

Jn aft to enable his Majejly for a limited time to toll out and ajfemhlt the militia in all cafes of rebellion within this realm of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and to fummon the par liament in the cafes and manner therein mentioned.

WH EREAS by on aft made in the fecond year of the reign ^Preamble.

his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An adi to explain', amend, iGeo.j. and reduce into one a£t or parliament the feveral laws now in recited, being, relating to the raifing and training the militia, within that part of Great Britain called England it i;, amongft other things>

(s 2	en~

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III, C.3.	[177S.

enabled^ That in cafe of aftual invafion, V upon imminent danger thereof or in cafe of rebellion, it may and Jball be lawful for his Ma-jeflyy his heirs and fucceffors, [the occofton being firjl communicated to parliament, if the parliament /hall be then fitting, or declared in council^ and notified by proclamation, if no parliament /hall be then fittingf or in being) to order and direct his or their lieutenants and deputy lieutenants therein mentioned, with all convenient fpeed, to draw out and embody all the regiments and battalions of militia of their re-jpefiive counties, ridings, 0r pizm, or fo many of them as his Majefty^ his heirs and fucceJJors> /hall judge necejfaryy in fucb manner as Jball be befi adapted to the cireumfiances of the danger, and to dir eft them to be employed in fuch manner as is therein more particularly mentioned: and whereas it might be of great public utility, that the militia of this kingdom Jbould be drawn out% embodied, and employed as aforefaiay upon occafion of the prefent rebellion in America, or of any rebellion that may hereafter arife in any of the dominions of toe crown of Great Britain, that his Majefty may be the better enabled to employ his other forces for the fiupprejfing of fuch rebellion, and at the fame time to provide for the defence of thefe kingdoms; be it therefore enatfed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual-and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Hi$Majefty, .fame, That in all cafes of rebellion within this re*Im of Great &c. in cafe of Britain, or any of the territories or dominions thereunto belong-r^lhon.may jng? (the occafion being firft communicated, declared, and noti-niilitia^ thC	as *n	*s	Pr0V1ded), it (hall and may be lawful for

9 his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to order and dire<ft all the regiments and battalions of militia, of the refpeltive counties, or places in this kingdom, or fo many of them as his Majefty, his heirs and* fucceffors, (hall judge neccflary, to be drawn out, embodied, led, and employed, in any parts of this kingdom, in fuch manner and upon the like terms, conditions, and regulations, to all purpofes and effects whatfoever, as in the faid a<2 are provided in the cafes therein mentioned,

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore-and n(Ternble faid. That if at any time (in cafe of any rebellion within this the pariia- realm of Great Britain, or any of the territories or dominions inent, on thereunto belonging), the parliament (hall happen to be fepa* ay$ rated by fuch adjournment or -prorogation, as will not expire within fourteen days, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, to iflue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament, upon fuch day as he or they (hall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of fuch appointment, and the parliament (hall accordingly meet upon fuch da), and continue to (it and aft in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

in, Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore-This a& to	faid. That this a<ft (hall continue and be in force for the fpace

continue in	of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fef*

)eauf0rfeVCn &on ^ parliament, and no longer,

CAP,

Digitized by

Google

*77*50 Anno decimo fexto.GEoRGIi HI.- C. 4,5.	135

CAP. IV.

An a& for granting an aid to hit Majeily by a land tax, to be raifcd in Great Britain, for the fervke of the year one thoofand feven hundred y and feven ty-iix. Four Shillings In the pound.

GAP, V,

An at1 to prohibit all trade and intercourfe with the colonies of New Hamplhire, Maffachufet’s Bay, Rhode Ifland, Connecticut,

New York, New Jerfey, J^enfylvania, the three lower counties oh Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of thr prefent rebellion within the faid colonies reJpeCtivcly ; for repealing an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, to difconti- . nue the landing and difcharging, lading or (hipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and within the harbour of B oft on, in the province of Maffachufet*s Bay; and alfo two acts, made in the laft fejfion of parliament*for refraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid ads refpedively mentioned; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Majefly to grant pardon s, to iffue proclamations, in the cafes% and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many perfons in the colonies New Ha m p(hire, Preamble, Maflachufet’s Bay, Rhode Ifland, Conne&icut, New York, New Jerfey, Penfylvania, the three lowef counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, have Jet themfelves in open rebellion and defiance to the juft and legal authority of the king and parliament of Great Britain, to which they ever have been, and of right ought to be% fubjed; and have cjfimbled together an armed force, engaged his Majejlfs troops, and attacked his forts, have ufurpedthe powers ofgovernment, and prohibit -ti all trade and commerce with this kingdom, and the other parts of his Mqjeftys dominions: for the more Jpeedily and effectually fup-preffmg Juch wicked and daring defigns, and for preventing any aid, fupply, or affftance, being fent thither during the continuance of the • faid rebellious and treafonable commotions, be it therefore declared and enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au- , „ thority of the fame, That all manner of trade and commerce is All trade and and (hall be prohibited with the colonies of New Hampfbtre, commerce Maffacbufet's Bay, Rhode Ifland, Connecticut, New York, New Jtr- ^ouVcolon^s" fey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Mary- prohibited,** -land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, aniI* Georgia-, and on pain of for-that all (hips and vcffels of or belonging to th£ inhabitants of future of vef-the faid colonies, 'togethef with their cargoes, apparel, and fur- j*1 cargoes, niture, and all other (hips and vcffels whatfoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which (hall be found trading in any port or place of the faid colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading, in any fuch port or place, (hall become forfeited to his Majefty, as if the fame were the (hips and

L 3	effefle

136	Anno decimo fex'to Georgii III. c. 5.	[1776.

effects of open enemies, and (hall be fo adjudged, deemed, and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts what* foever.

Provifo.	II.	Provided	always,	and	it	is	hereby	further enabled and de-

clared by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fuch (hips and veflels as (hall be actually retained or employed in his Majefty’s fervice, or to fuch (hips and veflels as (hall be laden with provjfions for the /	ufe of his Majefty’s fleets, armies, or garrifons, or for the ufe of

the inhabitants of any town or place garrifoned or pofiefled by any of his Majefty’s troops, provided the mailers of fuch (hips and veflels refpeclively (hall produce a* licence in writing, under the hand and feal of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or of three or more commiflloners for the time being for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of the commanders of his Majefty’s fleets or armies, or of the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of any of his Majefty’s colonies or provinces not herein-before mentioned, fpecifying the voyage in which fuch (hip or veflel (hall be employed, and exprefling the time for which fuch licence (hall fubfift and be in force, and alfo exprefling the quantity and fpecies of the faid ftoresand provifions on boa^d: and it any goods, wares, or merchandizes, other than (lores and provifions for his Majefty’s ufe, or provifions for the ufe of the inhabitants of any town or place garrifoned and poflefled by his Majefty’s n	troops, /hall be found on board fuch (hips or veflels, (the

neceffary (lores for the (hip’s ufe, and the baggage of ihe pafc fengers, only excepted), in any or either of thofe cafes, the faid goods, wares, and merchandizes (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be (Seized and profecuted in the manner herein-after directed.

III.	And) for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of lit Sole property Majeftfs fhtps of war, be it further enabled. That the flag offi-of all prizes Cers, captains, commanders, and other commiflioned officers in cj^to m lhC Majefty’s pay, and alfo the feamen, marines, and foldiers on * r#* board, (hall have the Cole intereft and property of and in all and every fuch (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandize, which they (hall feize and take, (being firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty), to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majeftv (hall think fit to order and diredt by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iflued for thofe purpofes. r . . IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, maybe poton That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid flag officers, board hisMa- captains, and commanders refpedlively, to caufe to be taken* or jelly’s (hips, put on board any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or on board any other (hips or veflels, all and every the mafters, crews* and their an<* ot^er perfons, who (hall be found on board fuch (hip and names entered ^*PS as /haH he fe,zcc* an^ taken as prize as aforefaid; and alfo on the (hips to enter the names of fuch of the faid mariners and crews, upon books. the book or books of his Majefty’s laid /hips or veflels* as they,

the

Go( e

i776.] Anno dcrimo fextoGsoRtsil III. c.3.	t$f

the faid flag oncers, captains, and commanders, (hall r$fpe&ivtly think fit; from the rime and times of which faid entries re-fpetSively, the faid mariners and crews (hall be confidered, and they are hereby declared to belong to, and to be as. much in the fervice of his Majefty, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid mariners and Crews bad entered themfelves voluntarily to ferve on board his Majefty's faid (hips and veflels refpedively; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid flag officers, captains, and commanders refpedlively* to detain* or caufe to be detained and kept, the maflers and other perfons, and alfo (uch others of the mariners and crews of the faid prize (hips as (hall not be entered upon the books of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war as aforefaid, in and on board any (hip or (hips* veffelor veflels whatfoever, until the arrival of fuch laft-men-tioned (hips or veflels in fome port in Great Britain or Ireland, of > in any port of America not in rebellion 5 and upon the arrival of Thofe* wfcofe thofe (hips or veflels in any fuch port* the commanders thereof names are not are hereby refpeftively authorifed and required immediately to	jJJ

fet the faid lad-mentioned mariners and crews, and alfo the faid Gr°a” Britain* mailers and other perfons, at liberty on (hore there.	&e.

V.	Andy for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation or other determination of any prizeyjhipy or vejfcly goodly or merchandizes* to be taken as oforefaidy and for lejfening the etcpences that have been ufual in the like cajeiy be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid, That the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty* or Judge* In other perfon or perfons thereto authorifed, (hall, within the fpace co.”rj*0 ^ ^ of five days after requeft to him or them for that purpofe made, ^,proceed°iri finifh the ufual preparatory examinations of the perfons com- condemnation monly examined in fuch cafes, in order to prove the capture to of prises, be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the Same be lawfut prize or not ; and that the proper monition ufual in fuch cafes (hall be iffued by the perfon or perfons proper to iflbe the fame, and (hall be executed in the ufual manner by the perfon or perfons proper to execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after requeft in that behalf made; and in cafe no claim of fuch capture, (hip, vcflel, or goods, (hall be duly entered or made in the ufual form, and attefted upon oath, giving twenty days notice* after the execution of fuch monition; or if there be fuch claim* and the claimant or claimants (hall not within five days give Sufficient fecurity (to be approved of by fuch court of admiralty) to pay double cofts to the captor or captors of fuch (hip, vcflel, or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed (hall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge or judges of fuch Court of admiralty (hall (upon producing to him or them the faid examinations or copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon oath* all papers and writings which (hall have been found taken in or with fuch capture, or upon oath made that nd ipch papers or writings were found) immediately, and without further delay, proceed to fcntence, either to difeharge and acquit fuch capture* or to adjudge and condemn the fame as lawful prize, according as the cafe (hall appear to him or them upon perufal of fuch pre-

L4	'	paratory

Digitized by

Google

d

^38	Anno decimo fexto GeoRoii III. c. 5.'	[1776.

paratory examinations, and alfo of the other lad-mentioned papers and writings found taken in or with fuch capture, if any fuch papers or writings (hall be found ; and in cafe fuch claim I (hall be duly entered or made, and fecurity given thereupon according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, and there (hall appear no occafion to examine any witnefles other than what (hall be then near to fuch court of admiralty, that then fuch judge or judges (hall forthwith caufe fuch witnefles to be examined within the fpace of ten days after fuch claim made and fecurity given, and proceed to fuch fentence, as aforefaid, touching fuch capture: but in cafe, upon making or entering fiich claim, and the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing fuch papers or writings as (hall have been found or taken in or with fuch capture, or, upon the faid preparatory examinations, it (hall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not,

,	and it (hall appear neceflary, according to the circumftances of

the cafe, for the clearing and determining fuch doubt, to have 1 an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties and admitted by the judge, of witnefles that are remote from fuch court of admiralty, and fuch examination (hall be defired, and that it be ftill infilled on, on behalf of thrcaptors, that the faid capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be flill perfifted in on prizes to be the claimants behalf; that then the faid judge or judges* (hall appraifedj forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by perfons to be named by the parties and appointed by the court, and fwora truly to appraife the fame according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge; for which purpofe the faid judge or judges (hall caufe the goods found on board to be unladen, and, an inventory thereof being firft taken bv the marfhaL of the admiralty or his deputy, (hall caufe all fuch parts of the goods and merchandize as are perifliable commodities to be fold by publick fale, for the clear amount of which only the captors (hall be anfwerable to the claimants, and the remainder of them to be put into proper warehoufes, with feparate locks, of the colledor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and, where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer and the agents or perfons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party or parties defiring the fame; and, on par- and (hall, after fuch appraifement made, and within the fpace of ties giving fuf- fourteen days after the making of fuch claim, proceed to take ficient fecuri- good and fufficient fecurity from the claimants to pay the cap-vered to the"tors	va*ue	thcreo*> according to fuch appraifement, in

claimants* cafe the fame (hall be adjudged lawful prize; and (hall alfo proceed to take good and fufficient fecurity from the captors to pay fuch cods as the court (hall think proper, in cafe fuch (hip (hall not be condemned as lawful prize, and, after fuch fecurities duly given, the faid judge or judges (hall make an interlocutory order for releafing or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or daimants, or his or their agents, and the fame (hall be actually jreleafed or delivered accordingly,

VI, And it if hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Digitized by L.ooQle

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 5.	ij)

laid. That if any claimant or claimants (hall refufe to give fuch 1C claimants fecurity, the judge or judges (hall caufe the captor or captors in rcfl?fc fuckl ^ like manner to give good and fufficient fecurity to pay the faid cuntyf claimant or claimants the full value thereof according totheap-praifement, in cafe any fuch capture or captures (hall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the faid judge or judges (hall Prize tobe de-thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the re- 1,vcrcd to tbe leafing and delivering the fame to the faid captor or captors, or caPtors* their agents.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Books,papers. That all books, papers, and writings, found in any (hip or vef- &c- found id fel taken as prize, (hall without delay, upon the oath of the ^ brooahtiiL captor, be brought into the regiftry of the court of admiralty totheadrai-wherein fuch (hip or veflel may be proceeded againft in order to ralty court* condemnation; but that fuch only of the faid books, papers, &c.

and writings, (hall be made ufe of and tranfiated, as (hall be agreed or infilled upon by the prodtors of the feveral parties, captors or claimants, or, in cafe of no claim, by the captor or regifter, to be necefiary for afeertaining the property of fuch (hip or vefiel, and the cargo thereof, and the deftination of the voyage.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, All captures That all fuch captures as aforefaid, which (hall be brought into brought into any of his Majefty’s dominions in America, in order to be pro-any.°f ceeded againft to condemnation in any of his vice-admiralty

courts, (hall, without breaking bulk, ftay there, and be under the merica*to bo joint care and cuftody of the colledtor and comptroller of the under the care cuftoras, or,'where there is no comptroller, of the naval officers °f the colledbr of the port or place where the fame (hall be brought, and all or>&c# the captors thereof, and their agents, fubjedt to the diredlions of the court of vice admiralty, until either the fame (hall, by final fentence, have been either cleared and difeharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefaid, (ball have been made for the releafing or delivering of the fame unto fuch perfon or perfons, and to be fo divided and difpofed of, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,

(hall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iflued for thofe purpofes, order and diredt.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by thepfovife. authority aforefaid. That no captures which (hall be taken by virtue of this a61, (hall be carried into any of the colonies or plantations m America herein before particularly mentioned, during and fo long time as fuch colonies or plantations refpedtively

(hall continue in a ftate of rebellion.

, X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Any judge, or if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any of his other officer, Majefty** colonies or dominions abroad, to whom refpedtively it (hall appertain, (hall delay the doing, performing, making, ordut3r> pronouncing any of the feveral proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or difeharging, releasing or delivering, of any fuch capture in manner aforefaid, with-

in

Digit, d by

Google

»4°

&c.

Antio decimo fexto Georgii 111. c. £.	[ 1776.

in the refpedtive times herein-befbre limited, or as foon as the fame ought to be done, according to the tenor and true meaning of this a£t, all and every fuch judge and judges, and other officer and officers, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of to forfeit 500I. five hundred pounds) one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of fuit, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts in any of his colonies or dominions wherein fuch offence (hall be committed.

No regifter, XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforcfaid,That ^ hi any # no regifter or deputy regifter, nor any marfhal or deputy mar-ndty (hallaft	or	belonging	to any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty

a* advocate, or vice-admiralty whatfoever, (hall either diredtiy or indire&ly, * by himfelf of themfelves, or by any agent or agents, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, adl or be concerned in any manner, either as an advocate or prodlor, in any caufe, matter, or bufinefs whatfoever, that (hall be depending in any fuch court or courts of admiralty, to which fuch regifter, deputy regifter, mar-Ihal, or deputy marfhal, (hall then belong; and that every regifter, deputy regifter, marflial, or deputy marfhal, who (hall be guilty of fuch offence, (being thereof lawfully convidled, either on penalty of upon an information or indidlment) (hall from thenceforth ab-folutely forfeit his refpedtive office and employment of regifter, deputy regifter, marfhal, or deputy marfhal, in and belonging to the fame court.

XIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, *That there (hall not be paid unto or among all the judges and officers of any court of vice-admiralty in any of his Maje-fty’s dominions, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of fuch capture as aforefaid, as lawful prize, above the fum of ten pounds, in cafe fuch prize (hip or veffel be under the burthen 4>f one hundred tons, nor above the fum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or any greater burthen; ani that, upon payment of either of the faid refpedtive Turns, as the cafe (hall require, to the faid judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them difpofed or divided, as he or they (hall think fjt, among the officers of fuch court, luch judges and officers, and every of them, (hall be liable to all and every of the feveral penalties hereby impofed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their feveral and refpedtive duties or offices in and relating to the feveral proceedings aforefaid, within the refpedtive times herein for that purpofe limited.

XIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, (hall not reft fatisfied with the fentcnce given coramimon- *n	court °f vice-admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions,

erg, within it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the faid court ot vice-admiralty to com-miffioners appointed, or to be appointed, under fhe great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in caufes of prizes, fo as the fame be made within fourteen days *	after

rn;:—* . forfeiting his

office.

feei to be taken by the officers in ' courts of vice admiralty.

Parties difla tisfied, may appeal to commiffion

c^ays after femence.

Digitized by Google

i77*\J Anno decimo fexto GeoRgii HI. c.5,	141

after fentence, and good Tecurity be likewife given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they, will effcdtually profecute fuch appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, and *alfo pay treble cofts, as (hall be awarded in cafe the fentence of fuch court of viceadmiralty be affirmed j provided that the faid captor or captors, claimant or claimants, do, within fix months after fentence paffed, give notice to the faid court of vice-admiralty that they have appealed from fuch decree to the faid commifiioners.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

authority aforefaid. That the execution of any fentence fo ap- Execution of pealed from as aforefaid, (hall not be fufpended by reafon of fuch any fentence appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate (hall give fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which fuch fentence of ap-(hall be given, to reftore the (hip, veflel, goods, or effe&s, con- peal, &c. cerning which fuch fentence (hall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the fentence fo appealed from (hall be reverfed.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Perfon* ap-in cafe any perfon who was not a pasty in the firft inftance of the P®***1^ caufe, (hall interpofe in an appeal from a fentence given in any JJdr chdm-vice-admiralty court, fuch perfon, or his or her agent, (hall at

the lame time enter his or her claim, otherwife fuch appeal (hall be null and void.

XVI.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, penalty on of-men, marines, foMiers, or others, (hall break bulk on board, or ficers, teamen, embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, mercharldife, &c. who (halt tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging to fuch prize or ^ybej^i^0* prizes fo taken, luch commander, officer, feaman, marine, fol- &c. belonging dier, or others, (hall forfeit treble the value of all fuch money, to any prize* jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they (hall embezzle: one-third part thereof to be to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and the other two third parts thereof to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which noeffoin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all appraifements and fales of any (hip or (hips, goods, Appraife-wares, or merchandizes, as (hall be taken,as prizes, (hall be mentsandfales made by agents, or perfons nominated and appointed in equal °* tobe numbers by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, ^ents ap-©fficers or officer, (hip’s companies or (hip’s company, and others pointed byflag entitled thereunto j (that is to fay). That if the flag officers or officer*, &c* flag officer of any fleet or fquadron of (hips as (hall take arty fuch prize or prizes, or the majority of fuch flag officers (if more than one) lhall nominate and appoint one or more perfon or perfons, agent pr agents, to fell or appraife the fame as aforefaid, then the captains and commanders, or captain or commander, enfi-titled thereunto, or the majority of them (if more than one), lhall nominate and appoint the like number of perfons or agents

Digitized by

^ Google

I42

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c* 5.	[ 1 jj6,

to ad for them; and all the other officers under the degree of a captain and commander entitled thereto, or the major part of tfietq, (hall alfo nominate and appoint the like number of per-ions or agents to ad for themj and all the crews of the feveral lhips companies of the fleet or fquadron, or (hip’s company, and others entitled thereto, or the major part of them, (hall like wife nominate and appoint the fame number of perfons or agents to ad in their behalf in fuch appraifement or fale.

XVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

Agents (hall That all and every perfon or perfons who (hall be nominated regifter their and appointed agent or agents as aforefaid, for any prize or letters of at- priZC810 fo taken by any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels of war, fixn^nths m and*which prize or prized (hall be condemned in the high court after fentence of admiralty in Great Britain^ or in any of the courts of vice-of condemns- admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize tion,	or prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, (hall exhibit

and caufe to be regiftered in the faid high court of admiralty, or In the refpedive courts of vice-admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, his or their refpedive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes arorefaid; and if any perfon or perfons fo appointed agent or agents as aforefaid, (hall refute or negled fo to do, for the fpaceof fix calendar months next after fentence of condemnation of any prize (hall be given in the faid high court of admiralty id Great Britain, or in any vice-admiralty court in his Majefty’s dominions for the care and diftribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents fuch perfon or perfons fo refufing

•r forfeit 500I. or negleding, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to

be recovered by him or them who (hall fue for the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no eflbin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIX.	Provided always. That if any agent Or agents (hall be appointed after the time any fentence of condemnation in any of the faid courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty (hall be given, fuch agent or agents (hall, under the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to be regiftered, in manner aforefaid, bis or their refpedive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforefaid, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the date of the faid letter or letters of attorney.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Manner of That after the fale or fales of any prize or prizes which (hall be

giving publick taken in purfuance or by virtue of this ad, publick notification

nofificationt or notifications (hall be given and publifbed in fuch manner a9 alter fale ot * .____•	r*_____________________jr

is herein-after particularly mentioned ; (that is to fay). If the prize or prizes (hall be condemned in his Majefty’s high or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, to be appointed in purfuance of this ad, for the appraifement and fale of fuch prize or prizes, (hall infert and

pub

Digiti

1776-] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 5I

publifti, or caufe to be inrerted and publifhed, fuch notification under his or their hand or hands refpedively in the London Ga» zette, and if condemned in any court or courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty in any other or his Majefty’s dominions, then fuch perfon or perfons, agent or agents as aforefaid, (hall infert and publifh, or caufe to be inferted and publifhed, fuch notification, under his or their hand or hands refpedtively, in the gazette, or feme other news-paper of publick authority, of the ifland or place where the prize or prizes (hall be condemned 5 and if there (hall be no gazette or fuch other news-paper pub-liftied there, then in fome or one of the mod publick news-papers of fuch ifland or place for the time being; and all perfons or agents publifliing, of caufing to be publifhed, every fuch notification refpedtively, (hall deliver to the collector, cuftomer, or fearcher for the time being, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, redding at, or belonging ta the port or place where the prize or prizes (hall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch colle&or, cuftomer, or fearcher; and if there (hall be no fuch collector, cuftomer or fearcher, then fuch perfons or agents as aforefaid, (hall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes (hall have been condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch principal officer or officers, two of the gazettes or other news-papers in which fuch notification (hall be fo inferted and publifhed; and if there (hall not be any publick news-papers in any fuch ifland or place, then fuch per* fonor perfons, agent or agents, (hall give two fuch notifications,' in writing, under his or their refpedHve hand or hands, to the faid collector, cudomer, or fearcher, or the deputy or deputies of fuch colle6tor, cudomer; or fearcher, or, where there (hall be no fuch collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, to fuch principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies as aforefaid; and every fuch colle&or, cuftomer, or fearcher, and principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies, (hall fubfcribe his or their name or names on fome confpicuous part of both the faid gazettes, news papers, or written notifications refpedtively, and by the firft (hip which (hall fail (after his or their receipt of fuch gazettes, news-papers, or written notifications refpefiively) from fuch port or place to any port of Great Britain, (hall tranfmit or fend to the treafuirer of Greenwich hofpital, or the deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, one of the faid gazettes, news-papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or name* fo fubfcribed to and upon the fame refpedlively, to be there* re-giftered, and (hall faithfully preferve and keep the other of the laid two gazettes, news-papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names fubfcribed as aforefaid, in his or their cuftody; and that in every fuch printed or written notification as aforefaid, the faid perfon or perfons, agent or agents, (hall infert or fpecify his or their place or places of abode, and the precife day pf the month and year appointed for the payment of the feveral and refpedtive (hares of the prize or prizes to *he captors; and all fqch notifications with refpedt to prizes* which (hall be condemned in Great Britain, (ball be publifhed

i*

ur

Digitized by

Google

*44

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 5.	[177^.

m the London Gazette, three days at lead before anv part or parts, lhare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes mall be paid to ,any perfon or perfons entitled thereto $ and all fuch notifications, with refpeft to prizes condemned in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, (hall be delivered to the faid collector, ct|-ftomer, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers aforefaid re-fpeftively, or fuch refpeftive deputy or deputies, three days at lead before any part or parts, (hare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes (hall be paid to any perfon or perfons entitled thereto: after which feveral and refpeftive notifications, if any men’s fhares (hall remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either belonging to fuch men as (hall be run from his Majefty’s fervice, or which (hall not be legally demanded within three years, then fuch (hare or fhares fo remaining in the perfons or agents hands, or belonging to fuch men as (hall run from his Majefty’s fervice, (hall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital.

XXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or agent, to be appointed for appraifementor wSmentor*	any Pr*3C or P^zes which fhall be feized and taken as

fide of prizes aforefaid, (hall neglect or refufe to pvtblifh, give or deliver, any eegle&uig his notification herein-before directed or required to be publifhed, duty,	given,	or	delivered,	before	the	payment	of any part of fuch prize-

money, or in the manner herein-before appointed, or fhall not fet forth and fpecify therein the matters, and things herein-before directed to be fpecified and fet forth; every fuch perfon or agent frail forfeit	for	cvery	fuch	offence,	forfeit	and pay the fum of one

100L ° t hundred pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or elfewhere in any of his Majeftv’s dominions, in which no effoin, proteftion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one Colleftor imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and if any colleftor, cuftomer, or cuftomer,’ &c. fearcher, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or principal officer or officers, negle&i ag his or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, fhall negleft or refufe to receive or to atteft, or fhall not tranfmit or fend any fuch gazette, news-papers, or written notification, as aforefaid, in fuch manner as is before direfted, every fuch colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the fame manner as the above penalty is directed to be fued for and recovered.

XXII* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the notifications in all fuch gazettes, news-papers, and ir\ writing refpeftive] y, as aforefaid, which (hall be fo tranfmitted and attefted by fuch colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, and regiftered at the faid royal hofpital, on proof of the hand-writing of fuch colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, and at all times, fhall be good and Efficient evidence in all his Majefty’s courts of law and equity, that the perfon or perfons, whofe name or names is or are {herein fet forth and fpecified as the agent or

agents

duty,

frail forfeit fool.

Notifications in gazettes, *c. duly attefted and rendered.

frail be good

evidence in law, fcc.

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 5.	14^

agents fpr the prize or prizes therein refpeCtively jnentiQned, is or are /uch agent or agents.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it declared and enabled byProvifo. the authority aforefaid, Tnat nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, or exempt any (hips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’g dominions, from the payment of anycuftoms or duties, or from

being fubjeCt to fuch reflriCtions and regulations to which ths fame npw are or (hall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws ?nd ftatutes of this realm.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Prices which authority aforefaid. That if any (hip, veflel, or bpat, taken as hadbeentaken prize, or any goods therein, (hall appear, and be proved, in ^c;S?*robieaT high court of admiralty, or vice-admiralty court, to have be-not in rebel-longed to any of his Majefty’s fubjeCb of Great Britain or Ire- lion, tobere-hmd) or any of the dominions and territories remaining and con-toradtotto^s tinuing in their allegiance tp the king, and under his Majefty’s

Sroteftion, which were before taken or furprized by any of his tfajefty’s rebellious colonies or plantations before-mentioned, and at any time afterwards again furprized and retaken from his Majefty’s faid rebellious colonies or plantations by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hip, veflel, or boat, under his Majefty’s protection arid obedience; that then fuch (hips, vef-fels, boats, and goods, and every fuch part and parts thereof as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majesty's fubjeCts remaining and continuing under his protection, (hall in all cafes be adjudged to be reftored, and (hall be, by decree of the faid high court of admiralty or vice-admiralty court, actordingly reftored to fuch former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of falvage (if retaken from the rebels) oneonpayipentof eighth part of the true value of the (hips, veflels, boats, and «-*th part of goods refpeCtively fo to be reftored; which falvage (hall be an-^*^ue fwered and paid to the captains, ofScers, and feamen, to be di- c * vided in fuch manner as before in this aCt is directed touching the (hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons belonging to any of his Majefty’s Perfons with-(hips or veflels of war, who (hail run away or withdraw him or feWcsfromSs themfelves from the (hip or veflel by which any prize or prizes Majefty’s fer-(hall be taken, orotherwife, from his Majefty's fervice, before vice, forfeit or after notification (hall be given by the perlons or agents ap- th«r (hare of pointed as aforefaid, of the day appointed for the payment of pn£C monc)rl the feveral (hares tp the captors of the faid prize or prizes ’ (hall have, or be intitled to have or claim* any intereft in or benefit of the faid (hare or (hares of the faid prize or prizes, or any part which (hall bo thereof, but (uch (hare and (hares of fuch prize and prizes uSTof Oi^cn-go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital.	'	wich	hofpitab

XXVI.	Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons Ihallproyif^

9f df? njn $way pr withdraw him or themfelves from any fuch 7	’	(hip-

Digitized by

Agents, wbo

(hall fell any

*46	Anno	decimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 5.	[1776.

{hip or veflel as aforefaid, after notification given as aforefaid, he and they (hall forfeit and lofe fuch part of his and their (hare and (hares of the faid prize or prizes, as (hall be remaining in the faid agent or agents hands at the time of his or their running away or withdrawing him or themfelves $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-• (landing.

XXVII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefakl* That all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, and - r others, who (hall fell or otherwife difpofe of any prize or prizes ndt*to the*01 t0 ta^cn as aforefaid, (hall, within the fpace of three ca-treafurer of lendar months next after tfie day to be appointed for the firft Greenwich payment or diftribution to the captors of fuch prize or prizes, hofpital a true made jn purfuance of fuch publick notification as aforefaid, produce of ®ake out and tranfmit or deliver unto the treafurer of the faid ihch prize,&c. royal hofpital of Greenwich for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as he (hall for that purpofe depute or appoint, a true date and account in writing, under the hand or hands of fuch agent or agents, or perfon or perfons fo employed, of the produce of all fuch prize and prizes as aforefaid, together with an account of the payments or the feveral (hares to the captors as {hall then have been really and bona fide by him or them re-fpedtively paid; and al(b that all and every perfon and perfons, agents, and others, that by virtue of this zA (hall fell or difpofe or any prize or prizes, which (hall at any time or times hereafter be taken by any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, fuch perfon and perfons, agents, and others, fo felling and difpofing thereof, (hall, within the fpace of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years limited by this a&, make out an txzA account in writing of the produce of fuch prize *nd prizes, as alfo of the payments of the feveral (hares to the refpedtive captors, together with a true and juft account upon oath, to be taken before the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons by him for that purpofe deputed and authorised in writing under his hand and feal, (which oath the faid treafurer of the faid hofpital, and his fuffi-cient deputy and deputies, authorifed as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), of all fum and fums of money as (hall be then remaining in fuch agent or agents, or perfons cuftody, power or poflefiion, and (hall at the fame time deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for thatime being, or to his fufficient deputy or agent, the faid accounts fo attefted upon oath as aforefaid, together with all fuch remaining lum and Sums of money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands as aforefaid, taking from the faid treafurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame.

Perfons, &c. XXVIII. And be it further enabled,That all and every perfon ntgle&ing to and perfons hereby directed to tranfmit or deliver all or any the acrountstothe accounts before mentioned, who (hall neglect or refufeto trank treafurer, fcc, out or deliver all or any fuch account or accounts to the trea-a	four

Digitized by L.ooQle

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c.5.	147

furerof the (aid hofpital, or his (aid deputy or agent, within the or not paying before limited and appointed time,in manner and form as is here-in in-before mentioned, or who (hall negledt or refufe to pay over ail J^riwndi^fter and every fuchfum andfum^of money as (hall remain in his or three years, their hand or hands, power, cuffody, or pofleflion, after the term of three years, to be accounted as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above fhall forfeit , the money then in fuch agents hands $ one-third part whereof 10(d*

(hall belong to his Majefty, and the remaining two-third parts to the laid royal hofpital, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or waaer of law, of more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXlX.And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,That if any fraud, colluiion, or deceit, (nail be wittingly or willingly made, ufed,committed,permitted, or done, or fuffered, in mak- ufedinbalanc* ing, ftating,or balancing, any fuch accounts, then every perfon or ing accounts/ perfons who fhall be thereof duly convidled, and his and their aiders and abettors, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties and punifhments inflicted by this ad, the fum of one hundred pounds; one-third part whereof on penalty of to be to the ufe of his Majefty, and one other third part to the ,ooA* ufe of the faid hofpital, and the remaining third part to the informer who fhall lue for the fame, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

9 XXX. And be it further enacted by the au|hority aforefaid,

That the regifter or regifters of his Majefty’s high court of ad- Regifters fh miralty, and all other courts of admiralty in Great Britain, fhall. courts of;ad-from time to time, duly enter or regifter, or caufe to be entered	ict-

orrcgiftcred, in one or mote book or books, to be by him or tcrg 0f att0r. them kept for that purpofe only, all letters of attorney that fhall be nry exhibited exhibited by any agent or agents for any prize or prizes which agents, &c, (hall be taken by any of his Majeftv’s (hips or veflels of war* 14 within fourteen days after the fame (nail be fo exhibited or dc- y * limed to fuch regifter or regifters, at his or their refpective offices; which regiftry (hall contain the day of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters'of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names ot the prizes taken, together with the names of the (hips or veflels by which fuch prizes (hall have been taken; and the faid regifler or regifters fhafl,on and deliver thetwenty-lixth day of March, and the thirtieth "day of Scptem- J°P***/ to) or within forty days thereafter, in every year, tranfmit or	The1*

deliver unto the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or to the lawful treafurer,&c., deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, a true copy or tran-fcript, under his or their hand or hands, of all fuch entries as aforefaid, within the preceding half- year; and if fuch regifter or regifters (hall neglelt or refufe to make and keep fuch entries, or to tranfmit or deliver fuch copies thereof asafoiefaid, within the rcfpe<tive times herein-before limited for that purpofe, he or they ,, VOL.XXXI.	M	lhall.

Digitized by

Google

or forfeit xool.

Regifters of admiialty courts to make out yearly lifts of all letters of attorney re-

them to the treafurer of Green wich bofpiul.

l48	Anno	decimo	fexto	Georgii	HL	€.5.	[1776*

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum df one hundred pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or inform mation, in'any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than om imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the regifter or regifters of all and every the courtand courts of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions, Aiall yearly and every year, upon the twenty-third day of October, or within three calendar months next after the fame, make out and transcribe true copies of all and every fuch letter and letters of attorney as Aiall be fo regiAered in the faid court or courts, to which Ifce

giftered there, jU(jge an(] judges of the faid court and courts Aiall affix his snd and trattfmit theif leal of office; and then the faid regifter and regifters Aiall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer of the faid royal hofphal at Greenwich, to be there negiftered, and to be infpctftcd by any perfon gratis, the charges of which copies, and affixing the leal orfeals thereto, and tranfmittingthe fame to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, Aiall be paid by the faid agent or agents at the time of making fuch regiftry as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch regifter or regifters ,lhall negledt or refufe to tranferibe and tranfmit fuch copy and copies of the faid letter and letters of attorney in man* ner aforefaid, (any ftlip or (hips in that time failing from fuch port or place to any port or place in Great Britain,) fuch regifter and regifters fo neglecting or refufing Aiall forfeit the fom of on penalty of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will 500I.	foe for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

' in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (ball be allowed.

XXXII.	And for the more effectual making of fucb letters rfsf-torney evidence of the agency of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame jhall be made, be it further enaCTecf by the authority aforefaid,

Tmecop’esof That true cop es of fuch letter and letters of attorney, and of letter* otat- tranftrripts under feal, tranfmitted by the faid regifter or regifters fluIMv luffi- l^e ^ourr an<l courts of vice* admiralty within any of his Ma-c»ent ewiitence jcAy’s dominions, and regiftered by the faid treafurer of Green-of the agency ivich hofpital, (hall, from time to time, and at all tiroes hereto "'ho^h*18 3'rcr’ ** 6°°^ an<^ fu®c*cnt evidence of the agency of the per* are^made/ ^ ^on °r Pcr^ons to whom fuch letters of attorney is or (hall be* made ; and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, (hall be r	admitted, without further or other proof thereof, to be legal

evidence in all his Majefty’s courts of record of law or equity; any law, cuftom, or ul’age, to the contrary thereof in any-wile notwithftanding.

XXXIJI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* faid, That no agent or agents for prizes (hall be liable to be fued, impleaded, or arrefted, by any perfon or perfons who Aiall be made run from his Majefty’s lervice, in the lifts to be duly certified of the names of the officers, fcamen, marines* foldicr*.

Agent* not liaole to be fued by -any perfon who ib*ll be made ran from his

Digitized by

Google

I

1776.J	. Anno decimo facto Georom I1L c. 5.	149

or others, who fhall be actually on board any of his Majefty VMajefty’s fer-fhips of war, at the taking of any prize or prizes, until the end *{je ef three months next after the expiration of three years, limited ftamen, itef1* by'thia ait for the claiming of prizes, unlefs the perfon or per* uniefs be pro. fans fo made run fhall, before any a&ion brought, obtain a c6r- duce a certifi. trikate of his ortheir^R or Rs being taken off, and rite forfeiture f**e o(	R

•fihis or their foam of fuch prizes being dlfcharged by the com- taken Biftorters of-his Majefty’s nary, who fubfcribed the faid lifts, addfoati produce fuch certificate to*he Arid agent or agents re-ipeftmcly, and unlefs the faid agent or agents* on the producing of fuch certificate or certificates, (hall refufc to pay the faid prize* money (in cafe the fame be due and payable, according to the diit&ions in his Majefty’s declaration) within two months after anyfuch demand made, and fuch certificate produced,

XXXIV.	'Provided always, Thaft nothingin this ad contain- Prowfo*

<d fhall be conftrued to reftrain his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, from giving fuch further rules and-dirsdions to his re» fpedire courts Of admiralty and vice-admiralty, as by his: Ma-

his heirs and fucceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, (hall be thought neoeflary or proper.	-	#

XXXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by Th** jrot

the authority afordaid, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- telfcu'which' tend, or be Conftroed to extend, to any (hip or vefiel -the pro- (ball have fail* perty of any perfon or perfons refiding in the (aid colonies of New ed for Grea^ nempjbire> Maffachufet's Bay, Rhode Iftand, ConneBicut^Nerju York, ?rij	?r

New Jerfey, Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware5	'

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, die,, on or

or any or either of them, which (hall have failed for Great Bri« before March,

tain, or Ireland, from any Britijh fugar colony or plantation in

the Wifi Indies, on or before the flrft day of March, one thoufand

(even hundred and feventy fix, laden with/ any goods or com-

modities wKich before the palling of this adfc might be fo la wfully

tranfported and carried in any fuch (hip or velTel; nor to any

(hip or veflfel the property of any perfon or perfons refiding in the

faid colonies of New Hamp/hire, Majfachufei*s Bay, Rhode Ifland,

Cmefticut, New York, New Jerfey, Renfylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, arid Georgia, or any or either of them, which on or beftrie the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, fhall have arrived at any of the Briti/b fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, laden with lumber and provi-Sons,hr either of them, and, after difeharging the fame at fuch fugar colony or plantation, (hall, on or before the firft day of sdkgkft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, lade and talfeonboatd there, in order to be tranfported from thence into Great Britain or Inland, any goods or commodities which may belawftHly tranfported from fuch fugar colony or plantation into Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, in any other Britijh vefiel, upon condition that th$ mafter or perfon having the charge of mb'tiiip or veflel which (hall have fo arrived on or before the fcifl&ft day of Ja7maryTomJthQvhvi& feven hundred and feventy^

M 2	fix.

Digitized by

Google

150

Anno decimo fexto GeorgiI III. c. 5.	£ 1776-

fi*, and (hall have been loaded on or before the (aid firft day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (hall pro* duce a certificate, under the hands and feals of office of the 00A-le&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of his Maiefty** cuftoms for the port or place where fuch goods (hall be laden* certifying that fuch (hip or veffel did arrive at fuch fiigar colony or plantation on or before the laid firft day of January* one. thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, laden with lumber and provifions, or either of them, as the cafe may be; and that* after having difcharged the fame in fuch fugar colony or plants^ tion, (he had taken on board the feveral goods therein laden for Great Britain or Ireland refpetf ively, describing the name and burthen of the (hip, with the name of the mafter, and the content* of the cargo, with the particular marks and numbers of the packages of each fort and fpecies of goods fo laden, the port or place where, and the time when laden, aod the port in Great Britain or Ireland to which the goods are configned, and that bond and fecurity has been given for the due landing thereof according to law; which certificate fuch collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms* are hereby required and enjoined to give without fee or reward.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the certificates befpre mentioned for fuch (hips or veffels as (hall be bound to Great Britain and Ireland, (hall continue in force for fix months from the dates thereof, and . no longer; and the mafter or perfQn having charge of fuch (hip val°'m G^cat1 or ve^* uPon his arrival at the port of his difeharge in Great Britain or Ire- Britain or Ireland, at the time he reports his fhip, is hereby reland, to deli- quired to deliver up fuch certificate to the colle&or and comp-ver up his troller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at (Uch port, on rh^co^f/ftor f°rfeiturc one hundred pounds: and if any officer or officers &c.on forfei- °f tilc cuftoms (hall give or grant any falfe certificate, for the tire of tool, purpofe required or diredled by this adt, fuch officer or officers Penalty on (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered giving a falfe incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs, and (bcceflors, in any certificate, or office whatfoeverj and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, or^tering1”8 era^e» *her, or	any	fuch	certificate,	or	any	licence ready certifi-	quired or directed by this adt, or (hall knowingly make ufe of

cate, &c.	any falfe certificate or licence, or of any certificate or licence fo

counterfeited, erafed, altered, Or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and fuch certificate or licence fiiall be invalid and of no Penalties how effedt; which laid penalties, if the fame (hall be incurred in Great Britain, or within the Britijb dominions in America, (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, and be divided* paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties, infli&ed by qny adl or a&s of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be profecuted, fued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied* by any a<5l or adls of parliament now in force ; and if the faid penalties (hall be incurred in the kingdom of Inland, the fam*

(hall

Certificates to continue in force for 6 months.

Mafter, See.

to be recovered.

Digitized by v^ooQle

177&] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. ^.5.	151

(hall tad may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and applied, in fucb and the like manner, as any forfeiture incurred by the laws now in force in the faid kingdom of Ireland, againft the running or intending to run goods into that kingdom, may, by any aft or ads of parliament now in force there* be profecuted, fued for* recovered, and applied.

‘XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be This ad not conftrued to extend, to any'(hip or veflel, or the cargo thereof, t0/?Ycl!d toj which (hall have been or may be cleared out from any port in oaUrom^ Great Britain or Ireldnd> before the firft day of January, one Great Britain thdufend feven hundred and feventy-fix, and (hall be bound to or Ireland any of the Britijh Sugar colonies in the Wejl Indies, 6r which before Jan. hath been, or niav be fo cleared out from the (aid Britijh fugar toundto the Colonies, and (hall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in cafe Weft Indies, it (hall appear by the regifter of fuch (hip or veflel that two-&c. thirds at the leaft of the owners of fuch (hip or veflel are his *f two-third* Majefty’s fubjeds reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Tome °"n?r* of the faid Britijh fugar colonies ; nor to any (hip or veflel, or fabi^a the cargo thereof* which (hall be cleared out from any port in refidine in Great Britain or Ireland, after the twentieth day of January ^ one Great Britain, thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix^ and (hall be bound to	tfie

any of the Britijh fugar colonies, or which (hall be cleared out °*ar after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, from the faid Britijh fugar colonies, and (hall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in cafe it (hall appear, by ' the oath or affirmation of ode or , more'of the owners qf fuch

Sor veflel, to be indorfed on the regifter thereof, to be takfen ire the colledor or other principal officer of the cuftoms at tiie port or place where fuch (hip or veflel (hall be cleared out*

(which oath or affirmation fuch colledor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, is hereby authorifed and required to ad-minifter) that two-thirds at leaft of fuch (hip or veflel are the property of his Majefty’s fubjeds reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in fome of the (aid fugar colonies or plantations.

XXXVIII.	4*d whereat many and large debts are now due from the inhabitants of the North American colonies herein before mentioned to divers of his Majejly's good and loyal fubjefts reftding in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh plantations in the Weft Indies, and many of fuch good and loyal fubjefts may have ejlates and effefts in fome of the faid North American colonies: and whereas goods and merchandize have been or may be Jbipped or laden in the fsii colonics, for and on account of fuch debts, ejlates, or effefts, and other goods and merchandize may be laden there, and font jrom thence td ionfejuence of orders given for that purpofe, be it therefore eroded by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this adTh'#a^ ftot contained (hall e'xtend, or be conftrued to extend, to any (hip*^J^d| to or veflel which (hall have cleared out and failed from any of cleared out thy (aid colonies for Great Britain, Ireland, or any of the Britijh from the co-plantations in thn tVeJt Indies, on or before the fjrft day ofI®n^#^>r. . jfafuary, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix * nor (hall

M 3	cx-

Digitized by L»ooQle

15*

fore Jan. i, 1776; nor to

?;oods <)upped or remittance*'to Great Britain, See. before Dec. »i, 177 j.

Kot to extend to any teliel the property of the colonial, which on or before Jan. h -*77^» thaH have fail-. cd from any port in Europe where (be might lawful-

ly 4c.

Nor to any veflel belonging to the ifland of Nantucket, employed in the whale-hdi-ery, and fitted out before h f775*

*CT

Sciimg of per-tooa, vcfTcb|

Aono dddmo fexto Georgii IIL g. 5.	[177^

extend, or be conftrued to extend, to forfeit any gpods or merchandize, or effects which (hall be laden or (hipped on board any (hip or vefiel in any of the faid North American colonies on or before the twenty-fifth day of Marche one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fix, as a remittance to. any of his Majefty’s fubjetfs, refiding/in Great Britain* Ireland, or the Britijh colonies or plantations in the JVeJi Indies* for or on account of any fuch eftates, effe&s, or debts, or in confequence;of any orders given for that purpofe, before the twenty-fujl day of Decetnber* 000 thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, provided proof thereof (hall be made, on oath of the parties to whom fuch goods, merchandize, or effcdls, (hall be eonfigned, or otherwise to the fatif-fadton of the judge or court before whom any feieure of fiich goods, merchandize, or ctifeds, (hall be depending, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiilg.

XXXIX.	Provided ajwayj* aod it is hereby further ent&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any (hip or vefiel the property of any perfon or perfons redding in the faid colonies of New Hampjbirer Majfachufet's Bay* Rhode IJland, Cennefticut* New Tort, New Jerfeyy Penfybania* the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland* Virginia* North Carolina* South Carolina* or Georgia* which on or before the firft day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (hall have failed from any port or place in Europe where Rich (hip or veflel might lawfully trade; or which on or before the faid firft day of January* one thoufand feven hundred* and feventy-fix, (hall be actually laden in any fuch port or place for Great Britain or Ireland* with fuch goods and merchandizes as fqch (hip or veflel might lawfully fa tranfport; nor to any fuch (hip or vefiel as (hall, on the faid firft day of January* ope thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, remain in any port of Great Britain or Ireland* any thing herein Contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwjthftanding.

XL. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded bv the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a& contained (hall ex* tend, or Ije conftrued to extend, to any-(hip or veflel being the property of any of the inhabitants of the Hland of Nantucket* employed in the wfiale fifhery only, if it (hall appear by the papers on board 'that fuch (hip or vefiel was fitted and cleared oqt from thence before the firft day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five; or if the mailer, or other perfon having thp charge of any fuch (hip or vefiel as aforefaid* (hall produce a certificate upder the hand and feal of the governor pr commander in chief of the province of the Mt^buftfs Bay* fetting forth, that fuph (hip or vefiel (exprefling her name, ao<| the name of her mailer, and deferibing her built and burthen) is the whole and entire property of his Majefty’s fubjeds of tin faid ifland of Nantucket* and was the property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five.

Aqi whereas* before the faffing this	andJince the catt~

Digitized by Google

I77&} £nno dccimo fcxto CrEORGlr III. c. 5.	153

mmcment of tie fati unnatural rebellion, divers perfons, vtjfils, ear- &c. dur-Vng m/ other effefts, may have been feized\ detained\ examined,the re bell ton jeartbedy damaged* or defrayed, for the publick ftrvice* in withft-nd- an£before the kg or JupprMng the faid rebellion, be it further enabled by the Ta/fhai?be ** authority aforclaid, That all fuch ads (hall be deemed ju(t apd deemed legal, legal to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes whatfoever: and Limitation of if aoy adion or fuit Avail be commenced or profecuted againft actions, any peribn or perfons for or by reafon of any thing fo done, qr for or by reafon of any4hing done or aded in purUiance of this ad, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants , N (hall and may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad and the General iflue. fpedal matter in evidence; and if the ad mall appear to have been done for the fervice of the publick, or in purfuance of and by the authority of this ad, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the feme, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be uonfuited, oc difeontinue his or tbeir adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment (ball be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts.	Treble cofts.

JLLII. And whereas an off was paffed in the fourteenth year of Ads tie reign of bis prtfent Majtfty, (intituled* An ad to difeontinue, 1+ Geo. 3.

* in fuch manner, and for fuch time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and difeharging, lading or (hipping of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town, and within the harbour of Boflon, ia the province of Majfachufefs Bay, in North America ;) and alfo One# paffei in the lajl ftjfton of parliament, (intituled, An ad to 15 Geo. j. riftrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Maffa- cap. 10. theftfs Bay 2nd-New Hampjbire* and colonies of Comufticut* and Rhode Ifiani# and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Groat Britain, Ireland, and the Briti/b iflands in the hVeft Indies; aadjo prohibit fuch provinces'and colonies from carrying on aay fi&try on the baaks of Newfoundland, or other places there- ' ia mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations;) and alfo mother aft paffid in the fame Jeffton9 (intituled, An ad to re- and 15 Geo. (bain the tr*4e and commerce of the colonies of New Jerfey* a* cap* it* Pmfykmia* Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great BruakyIreland* and the Britijb i(lands in the IVeft Indies, under certain conditions and limitations:) and whereas the prohibitions aniriflraints impqfed by the faid afts will be rendered unnecejfary by tiafrokhm of this aQ: be it therefore enaded by the authority afore&id, That from and after the firft day of January, one repealed, thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, the faid ads (hall be, and the feme are hereby repealed.

XLIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Comirtence-That this ad, Co far as^the fame relates to the capture and for- wient of this feitare of (hips and veffels belonging to the inhabitants of the ^ •bove-ttentioaed colonics, (hall, except in the cafes herein-be-

M 4	fore

Digitized by

*54

Pcrfons ao-fhorifed by

his Majefty may grant pardons to any colony, province, county, &c. by proclamation in hia> Majefty'* name*

after the iflu-ing of which, f hts a£t to be Void with re-fpe& to fuch fotopy, U c.

Provilb.

Aimo declmo fexto Georgii III. C.5.	[1776.

fore mentioned, commence and be in force from and after the firift day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and, feventy-fix ;• and fo’far as the fame relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other fhips and veflels that (hall be found going to trade in or at any of the faid colonies, from and after the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and feveoty-fix; and fo far as the fame relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other (hips and veflels that (hall be found trading in or at any of t\p faid colonies, or bound and trading from any port or place fa the fame, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; and (hall continue 16 be in force fo long as the faid colonies refpedtively (hall remain in a (late of rebellion.

XLIV. Provided always nevcrthelefs, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in order to encourage all well affefted perfons in any of the faid cplonies to exert themftlves in fupprefling the rebellion therein, and to afford a fpeedy pro-te&ion to thofe who are difpofed to return to their duty, it (hall and may be lawful fo and for any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Majefty to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or defeription of perfons, by proclamation, in his Majefty’s name, to declare any colony or province, colonies or provinces, or any county, town, port, diftridt, or place, in any colony or province, to be at the peace of his Majefty; and from and after the iffoing of any fuch proclamation in any of tht aforefaid colonies or provinces, or if his Majefty (hall be gra-cioufly pleafed to fignify the fame by his royal proclamation, then, from and after the iflbing of fuch proclamation, this afi, with refpedt to fuch colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, diftridt, or place, (hall ceafe, determine, and be utterly void; and if any captures (hall be made, after the date and iffuing of fuch proclamations, of any (hips or veflels, and their cargoes, belonging to the inhabitants of any fuch colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, diftritt, or place, or of any (hips trading to or from fuch colony or province, colonies or provinces refpedlively, the fame (hall be reftored to the owners of fuch (hips or veflels, upon claim being entered, and due proof made of their property therein, and the captors (ball not be liable to any adtion for feizing or detaining the faid (hips or veflels, or their cargoes, without proof being made that they had adtual notice of fuch proclamation having been ifliied.

XL,V. Provided always. That fuch proclamation or proclamations (hall not difeharge or fufpend any proceeding upon any ppture of any fuch (hip or veflel made before the date ana thereof.	'

q a ?,

Digitized by

Google

1776.] AnnodccinoofcxtoGeorgiiIII. c.6.	155

CAP. VI/

An aft for giving a puiluk reward unto fuch perfon or perfons, being bis Majefty* s fubjtft or fubjefts, as Jball difcover a northern paffago for veffels by fea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and alfi unto fuch as jball firji approach by fea within one degree of the northern pole. -

WHEREAS an aft of parliament paffed in the eighteenth Preamble year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second,

(intituled, An ad for giving a publick reward to fuch perfon or x perfons, his Majcfty’s fubjed or fubjeds, as (hall difcover a north-weft paffage, through Hudfon’s Streights, to the weftern and fouthem ocean of America:) and whereas many advantages / both to commerce and fcience may be alfo expefted from the difeovery of any northern pqffage for veffels by Jea9 between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may fee enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confqnt of the' lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament f ■ aflembjed, and by the authority of the fame. That if any (hip veflel, (hips or veffels, belonging to any of his Majefty’s fub- hi* Mafetty, jeds, or to his Majefty, (hall find out and fail through any paf- &c. (hail (all foe by fea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, in any di-^twceP reaion or parallel of the northern hemifphere to the northward of the fifty-fecond degree of northern latitude, the owner or beyond the owners of fuch (hip or (hips, vkffel or veflels, if belonging to $»d degree, any of his Maj&ty's fubjeds, or the commander or commanders, ^m?a.rJdcr» officers and feamen of fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, if bc-^*a Ipnging to his Majefty, (hall receive as a reward for fuch dif- wird 0f * govery thp fum of twenty thoufand pounds.	to^eol.

. , H. And whereas the Jbips employed both in the Spitzbergen feas, end in Davis's Streights, have frequent opportunities of approaching the north pole, though they have not time, during the courfe of one fitmmer, to penetrate into the Pacific ocean: and whereas fuch approaches may greatly tend to the difeovery of a communication between tbe Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as well as be attended with many ad- ( vantages both to commerce and fcience, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid,. That if any (hip or veflel, ihips or or (hall ap-veflels, (hall approach to within one degree of the northern pole, proach to * the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veffels, ^decree of the belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, or the commander northernpole, or commanders* officers and feamen of fuch (hip or veffel, (hips(hall recewea or veffels, if belonging to his Majefty, fo firft approaching toward of within one degree of the northern pole, his or their executors, S’000** adminiftrators, orafligns, (hall be entitled to receive, and (hall receive, as a reward for fuch firft approach towards the northern pole,, the fum of five thoufand pounds.

III.	And in order to afeertain who are tbe firfi difeoverers of the /aid northern paJTage into the Pacific ocean, and who are the firft ap-Prober: to within one degree of the. northern pole, and to whom tbe *	re-

Digitized by

*56	Anno decimo facto Gfioteil III. c. 6.	[>?7^

rewards by this aft refpeflively given do belong; be it further enaA-Commiffion- ed by the authority.aforefaid, That the commiflioners appointed cr* appointed for the* purpofes of the faid ad of the eighteenth of George tbe who'areTntf ^ccon<^ and	nfher	perfons	as	for	the	time	being	are

Se^toTheVaid c^HMflioaera for the difeovery of the longitude at fea, be, and s rewards j they are hereby appointed coowni(Boners for the purpofes of this who are im- prefent aA ; and are hereby authorifed and impowered to call p. «ered to for the refpeAive journal or journals, book or books, and papers, ca*1 ** i?*r- Kept on board the refpeAWe (hip or (hips, Veflel or veffels of the was,books, claimant or claimants refpeAively, and alfo to examine, upon oath, all fuch perfons as they the (hid1 commiflioners (haH think proper with1 regard to any claim or claims, as well as' any perfba or perfons* produced by the refpeAive claimant or clatmamk dF tbe refpeAive rewards given as aforefaid by this aA; (which oath the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter:) and the find Commiffion- commiflioners, or the major part of thofe that (hall meet (fuch ers to grant mayor part, nevertfielefs, at all times confiding of thirteen conr-v n Cr<»f mi®oncrs ** the Icaftf of which the lord high admiral, or firft SSdif., cotmniffroner for executing the office of lord high admiral of corny, &g. Great Britain for the rime being, and the royal aftronomcr of Greenwich for the time being, (hall be two) being fully fatisfied, upon examination and proof, that fuch northern paflage by fea into the Pacific ocean is effectually difeovered, and failea through ars aforefaid, and that fuch approach towards the northern pole* 4s stfbrefaid, has been then firfl aAually made by fea, or that either tlie one or the other has been fully accomplilhed within the meaning of this aA, as the cafe may be, are hereby authorifed* and required to grant a certificate or certificates accordingly, under their hand* and feals, to fuch perfon or perfons as 6n producing they (hall judge are intitled to the fame refpeAively $ which cer-whereof.eom-tificate or certificates (hall be produced to the lord high trea-SetrejSjr°^ ^rer orany t*ircc or morc °f the commiflioners of thetreafaty to pay^hc^re. &c ^mc being, aftd the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds, ward.	and the faid fuirr of five thoufand pounds, or the one or the

other, ar the cafe may be, (hall be refpeAively paid to fuch perfon or perfons as ate named in the faid certificate or certificates refpeAively, his, Her, or their executors, adminiftrators, it afligns, out of any the aids of fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament to his Majerty, his heirs, or fuccefibrs, after the feid difeovery of the faid horthem paflage into the Pacific ocean, and the faid approach to within one degree of the northern pole; or the one or the other, as the cafe may be, (hall be made, effeAuated, and proved, and the faid certificate produced a! All claims to aforefaid.

the rewards IV. Provided always, and be it farther enaAed by the author

to be made nty afbrefeid, That the refpeAive claim or claims on behalf df

month* after any	or ^*PS* vc^ or ve^*» unto the rewards given by

arrival at any	or cither of them, (hall be made refpeAively, and en-

port in Great tered with, or be by letter fignified to, the fecretary of the lord

Britain or	high	admiral, or firft commiffioner for executing	the office of

Ireland.	?	6	lord

L

Digitized by uooQle

rjy6-\ Anno decimo fexto Gborgii III. c. 7, 8,	>57

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being at the admiralty office in London, within fix months from the time that foch (hip or vefiel, (hips or veftels, (hall have arrived at any port of Groat Britain or Inland, otherwife the refpective claimant or claimants (hall not be inti tied to receive, nor (hall receive* either of the (aid rewardsj any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if the faid rewards, or either of them, (hall be Provifo, claimed by and adjudged to the commander or commanders, officer* and Teamen of any (hip or yefiel, (hips or vefiels belonging to his Majefty, the fame (hall be difpofed in favour of, and dinributed among fuch commander or commanders, officers and fcamen, in fucb proportions as (hall be diredled by his Majefty in council, and in no other manner. »

CAP. VII.

An aft far the regulation of his Majefty'i marine forces while on (hore.

C A P. VIII.

An all for mating perpetual fo much of an	, made in tho eighth

year of his	prtfent	Majefifs reign, intituAn aft to continue

and amend an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of hi* prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An adt for importation of felted \

** beef, pork, bacon, and butter, frorrf	for	a	limited

** time; and for allowing the importation of felted beef, pork,

“ bacon, and butter, from the Britijb dominions in America,

“ for a limited time,” as relates to the importation of faked beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland: and alfo another all, made in the fifth year of his prtfent Majefifs	intituled. An adt to

permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an alt was made in the eighth year of his pre- PresmMe.

fait	Majefifs reign, intituled. An aft to continue and Afb S Geo. p

nterfd an aft, made in tbe fifth year of the reign of his prefeat Majefty, intituled. An ad for importation offalted beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time-, and for allowing importation of faked beef, port, baton, and butter, from the firitidt dominions in America, for a limited time and whereas the faid ad hoi, by fevoral fubfepsent ads, been continued to tbe thirtieth day of March, one tboufand	Jeven hundred	andf and whereas and j Gep. j,

another ad was made in the fifth year of bis prtfent Majefifs reign, recited. intituled. An aft to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland', which ad bat, by another ad made in the twelfth year of hit prtfent Majefifs reign, been further continued until the twenty-, ninth day of September, one thoufand fevers hundred and ftvtnty-dgjot,and from sbente to the end of tho then next feffion of parliament; end whereas the faid ad, made in the eighth year of bis prtfent Ma-jtfifs	reign, fa far as tbe fame reifies to tbe importation of faltod -

beef, perk,	baton,and butter, from Ireland;	alfo tbe Jaid ad,

made hit be fifth year of his pnfent Majefifs reign, have proved very benefitial; may it therefore plcafc your Majefty that it may be _	enaft-

digitized by

Google

158	Anno decimo fexto Georgii IIL c. 8^ 10. f177^

• enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembkd, 80 much of the and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid re-aft 8 Geo. 3. cited a<c^ macje jn the eighth year of bis prefent Majefty’s reign, l*elaiIdeVnd as rc*atcs t0 the importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and the aft 5 Geo. butter, from Ireland; and alfo the faid recited aft, made in the 3. made per- fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall be, and are hereby petual. made perpetual. '

CAP. IX.

(An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the bun* dred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP, X,

An aft to enable bis Majejly to make leafed copies,'and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. \X7 H E R E A S his royal highnefs, George prince of Wales, Leafes and * * now fiends ftized of the dutchy of Cornwall, and the poffief-grant* made fton* thereof: and whereas it is necejfary to enable bis Majejly to by letter* - grant offices, and to make leafes and grants, by copy of court rollof patent or in- lands y and hereditaments, parcel of the faid dutchy, or thereunto an-denture*, ^exed or belonging, during the minority of his royal highnefs; be it or by copy of therefore enafted bv the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and vdthi* 7 year*™1*1 t*lc a(*v>cc an« confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, tocoi*e,ofAny and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the office*, land*, authority of the fame. That all leafes and grants, made or to be or heredi$a* made, by letters patent, or indentures, under the feal of Great JrfThe dPutdiy Britain, or °** the* court of exchequer, or by copy of court of Cornwall, n>H, according to the cuftom of* the refpeftive manors, within or annexed feven years next enfumg, of any offices, tnefluages, parks, lands, thereto, de- tenements, or hereditaments, (other thah honours, lordfhips, or woda^iinft inano*’s) Parcel of the pofleffions of the faid dutchy of Conrtvall, tUecrown* °r annexed to the iame, (hall be good and effeftual in law, ac-fo a* foch 9 cording to the purport and contents of the fame copies, leafes, leafes be not and grants, againft our foveneign lord the King, his heirs and for more than fucceffors, his royal highnefs George prince of Wales, and againft 3 lire*, or all and every other perfon or perfons yrho (hall at any time Vtei/^etcr- hcrcaftcr have» inherit, or enjoy, the faid dutchy by force of any minable upon aft of parliament, or .by other limitation whatfoever.

3 live* at the II. Provided always, That every fuch leafe or grant fo made, moft« or t0 be made, be not for more than one, two* or three lives, ot and if in ex* for 0ne and thirty years, or under, or fpr feme term of years reversion*** determinable upon one, two, or three l#es, or not above; and not exceeding ^	I**®55	or	grants be tnade in reverfion or expeftancy, that

3 lives, or * then the fame, together with theeftates in poflefiion, do not 31 years, exceed three lives, or the term of one and -thirty years, or fome and foa* the term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and ffifeu^able ^ not *n any wifc madc difpunifhable of wafte; and fo as upon of wafte; every fuch leafe or grant there be, or (hall be, referved thean*

cient

Digitized by LjOOQie

i?76.] Anno decimb fexto GeoRGII lit. c. io* iti	159

dent or moflufual rent, or more, or fucb rent as hath been re- and theufual ferved, yielded, or paid, for the fame lands, or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the . faid lcafes or grants; and where no fuch rent hath been referv- or,wheretbere ed or payable, that then, upon every fuch leafe, there be, or "a#

(hall be, referved a reafonable rent, not being under the twen- absent be tieth part of the clear yearly value of the melfuages, parks, referved. lands, tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, contained in fuch leafe or grant; and all leafes and grants otherwife made, or to be made, (hall be null and void.

III.	And be it further ordained and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all covenants, conditions, refervations, and other The cove- ^ agreements, contained in every leafe, grant, or copy of °°urt^Meafei or roll, made or to be made, as aforefaid, (hall be good and effee-' ’d*em-tual in law, according to the words and contents of the fame, ed good ia

as well for and againft them to whom the reverfions of the fame law. lands, tenements, and hereditaments (hall come, as for and	,

againft them to whom the intereft of the laid leafes, grants,, or copies (hall come, refpeltively, as if our fovereign lord the King’s majefty, at the time of making fuch covenants, conditions, and refervations, and other agreements, were feized of ah abfolute eftate, in fee Ample, in the fame lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

IV.	Saving always, to all and every perfon or perfons, bodies Refervatioa politick and corporate, their heirs, and fucceflors, executors, ad- °* ^ts. rainiftrators, and affigns (other than to our faid fovereign lord .

the King, and his heirs and fucceflors; and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs; and all and every other perfon and perfons that (hall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the faid dukedom of Cornwall> by force of any a^ of parliament, or other limitation whatsoever) all fuch rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, tenures, claims, and demands whatfoever, ot what nature, kind, or quality foever, of, in, to, or out of, the faid offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or

Sof them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have Ltd ire the making of this alt, to all intents and purpofes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this alt had never been had or made j. this alt, or any thing hereim contained to	*

the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XL :

An aft to continue an oft made in the lajl feffion of parliament, inti* tuledy An alt to amend and render more effeltual in his Ma-jefty’s dominions in America, an alt, pafled in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for punijhing mutiny and dtftrtion, and for the better payment of the army and their quar-	#

ten; and for extending the Proviflons of the faid aft to his Mayfly's marine forces in America.

WHEREAS an aft, pajpd in the fifteenth year of his pre Preamble* fent Maj fly's reign, intituled. An alt to amend and render Aa 15 Geo.]*'

more recited.

Digitized by



>6d	Aanodedmo	fatto<iEO*on IH. C.12,13.	[1776.

more efieftual in his Majefty’* dominions in America an aft, paffed in the prefent'feffion of parliament, mtitaled, An a& fer . pumflnng mutiny and dejertion, amt fir the better payment of the army and their quarters; ami for extending the provisions of the find aft to his Majefty’8 marine forces in America; tubich a St,was if continue and be in	force in all Majefty's dominions m America,

from the twenty-fourth day o/March, in the year one thousand hundred and feventy-five, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one tboufand feven	hundred and and whereas it bat been

found necejfary that the faid aSi be continued for. a further term; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaft-ed j and best enafted by the King’s mod:-excellent majdfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, inrthis prefent parliament aflemUed, and •nt* fur^er by the authority of the fame. That the <faid aft fhall be, and the SS* f>AK i* hereby cominued until the twenty-fourth day of March * 84, i77j, - in the year , of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight.

CAP. XII.

An a£l to continue, for a farther	, an made in the feventh

year of bis prefent Mpjefiy’s ,	An aft to dtfcoo*

tinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe.

Preamble.	E R E A S an ad of parliament,	in the feventh yeas'

Aft 7 Geo. j. t▼ of the reign of bis prefent	(	, An aft to <fif>

recited, continue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of fallow, hogs-lard, and greafe:) and whereas by two alls, made in the tenth and thirteenth years of his prefent	reign,

the faid aft had been continued until the twenty-fifth	March,

one tboufand feven hundred and fevenly fix: and whereas the allowing the importation of	tallowbogs-lari, and greafe, for a further

time, dutyfree, may be of great advantage; may it therefore pleafe <	your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the

King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemUed, and by the authority of the fame, and further That the faid aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and all and every the claules, provifions, penalties, for-sjikSI1*" feitures, allowances, matters and things therein contained, (hall *’ 779‘ be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

CAP. XIII.

An all for the better fecuring a fund, belonging to certain ptrftns of the theatre royal in Drury-lane, applicable to charitable u/es-, and for other purpofts therein mentioned.

Preamble. \A7 H E RE AS in or about the year one tboufand feven hunirei ▼ V and fixty fix,a contribution was begun at the theatre royal *» Drury-lane, towards the charitable purpofe of tftablijbing a	fa

e	the

Digitized by

Google

Anno<ledmoleiMGEOitGnlU. 0.13.	rft

the/upper t tffitch performers belonging to the fond theatre as through op, infirmity, or accident, Jbould be obliged to retire from the fiage\ tbe managers if which chanty have fence extended the fame to tbeecca-jtmalrelief ofperformers in cefeeffuknejs, and^alfo to the relief and -/effort of the widows and children of deceafod performers belonging to the /aid theatre: and whereas by the profits arifing from fovenal plays* a8ed for the benefit of the find charity, and the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the fold company, and other perfons, a fund, to the amount of four tboufond pounds, or thereabouts, is nowin the bands of certain trifiets applicable to the purpofes aforcfoid: to the end therefore that the money contributed as aforefaid, or wbieb may hereafter be contributed towards inertaftng the faid fund, may be applied to the purpofes aforfaid, and to prevent, as far as may be, any mfoppUcation or embezzlement thereof \ may it pleafc your Majefty that itmay be ena&cd; and be it ena&ed bythe king's naoft excellent Majefty, by and .with the advice and copfent of rfhe lords _ fpirirualand temporal, and commons, in this prelentparliament affetnUed, and by the authority erf the fame, That, from andSabTcribert after the pafling o(f this ad, all and every the fubferibers to the 'meoeponted^ hid fend for the time being, during fuchr time as he, (be, and they, refpedively (hall pay tothe fame, <haH be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politick, in deed and in naibe, and (hall be called by the name ckWhofocietyeJiMijbed for/roriurnwrao* r the relief of indigent perfonr belonging to his Mqfofiy's company ofxod famm*. comedians of the theatre royal in Drury-lane: and by the fame name they (hall have perpetual fucceflion and a common feat j and that they, and their fucceflors, by the fame name may fee and be foed, implead and he impleaded, anfwer and be anfwercd unto, in all or any court or courts of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their fucceflors, by the name afore faid, (hall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflefe, and retain, fetrhe purpofes aforefaid, all and every fuch fum and Turns of money as have been paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, or (hall at any tithe or times hereafter be paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purpofes hereinbefore men-tinned; and that they, and their fucceflors, by the name aforc-fud, (hall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of five hundred pounds.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the paf- l>*fe6tors ap-r ling of this ad, Thomas King, John Pacter, John Moody, James P°^cc<* * jfitin, James William Dodd, Robert Baddeley, Francis Waldron,

Richard Hurft, William Brereton, James Wrighten, William Par-

font, John Palmer, and William Davies, (hall be, and they are

htfeby appointed, directors for managing the faid fund, until,

the fifth day of April, which (hall be in the year of our Lord orie

thouftnd f^ven hundred and feventy-feveil: and that the faid who may alter

diije&ors, and their fucceflors, to be ele&ed in manner herein-fe*jC^inott

after mentioned, or the majority of fuch directors for the time *

being*

/	Google

16a	Anno	dedtno fexto Georgii III.,cJ tp [177&

being, (hail have full power and authority, from time to time* to difpofe of the faid common feal, and to-altar or make new the make bye-	fame, and to direA the ufe and application thereof; and to

laws,	make, ordain, and conftitute, fbch.and lo many bye-laws, con-

ftitutions, orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, (hall feem neceflary and convenient for the appropriation of the faid fund, or touching,or in any wife concerning the affairs and bufinefs of the faid corporation; and the fame bye-laws, conftitutions, orders, and regulations, fo made, to put in ufcand enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleafure to revoke, change, and alter the fame,, or any of them: which faid byelaws, conftitutions, orders, and regulations, fo as aforefaid made, (hall be duly kept and obferved by the faid corporation, and every member thereof, provided the fame be reafonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the ftatutes, cuftoms, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this aA. andappoint nl. And be it further enaAed, That the faid directors may, ®fficcrs# and are hereby impowgred to appoint a treafurer or treaforers, and fuch other officers as they (hall think neceflary for the purposes of this aA; and (hall and are hereby required to take fuch Security from their treafurer or treasurers as a majority of the faid directors (hall think proper.^

FUt election	IV. And be it further enaAed, That fuch fubferibers to the

of directors, faid fund as may hereafter be entitled to receive any benefit therefrom, (hall meet together at fome convenient place, in or near the faid theatre, on the twenty-fifth day of March which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred feventy-feven, or within ten (fays after, for eleAing direAors for Manner of	the year enfuing 5 and that previous to fuch election, the names

tlctt,0D* of all the directors for the time being (hall be written ondiftinA pieces of paper, being all of an equal fize, and rolled up in the fame manner, as nqar as may be, and (hall be put into a box, or fome other convenient receptacle, and (hall be lhaken together, after which fome perfon, not interefted in fuch aleAion, (hall draw out the faid names one by one, until the number remaining in the faid box or receptacle (hall be reduced to fix, and the fix perfons whofe names (hall fo remain ihall be fix of the direAors for the enfuing year; after which the faid fubferibers prefent (hall proceed to eleA feven other perfons from amongft themfelves, (either fuch as were, or were not direAors for the preceding year); and the feven perfons fo eleAed, together with the fix perfons whofe names remained undrawn, as aforefaid, (hall be the direAors for putting this aA in execution for the EJeftionstobe year next enfuing: and the faid fubferibers (hall alfo meet to-gether on the twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, in every fucceeding year, and elcA direAors, in manner before-mentioned, for the year then next enfuing: and in cafe any one or more of the faid direAors hereby appointed, or to be eleAed in manner aforefaid, (hall die, or refufe to aA in the execution of this aA, the faid fubferibers (hall and may me^t together, at fome convenient place, in or near the faid theatre, and ^	clert

Digitized by )OQle

i>26.] Anno decimosexto GeoRGH III. c. 14—18.	163

c|cdl a dirc&or or diredors in the room and (lead of the diredor or diredors fo dying or refufiog to ad as aforefaid ; and every diredor fo to be eleded, in any or either of the cafes aforefaid,

(haU have the fame powers and authorities, for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution, as the diredors herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That notice Notice in of every fuch election (hall be affixed in writing, in fome con- anting to be fpicuous part of the faid theatre, for three days at the leaft, im-mediately preceding fuch eledion j and that all eledions (hah be dav* before decided by a majority of votes ; and that every fubferiber to the eledion.

(aid fund (hall have a right to vott in every fuch eledion.

VI.	Provided alfo, That at every annual eledion of diredors A majority of

for the purpofes of this ad, a majority of the diredors for the diredors to enfuing year (hall confift of perfons belonging to, or employed t0 lhe at, the faid theatre.	‘ IC*

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall be ad- Publick ad. judged, deemed, and taken to be a publick ad; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other

perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XIV. .

An ad for re&tfyifig raiftakes in the names of fcvrral of the coramitfionert appointed by an ad. made in the lift feflion of parliament, to pot in execution an ad made in the fame ftflion, intituled. An ad for grant-lag an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Gieat Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fivej aod for appointing other commiflioners, together with thofe nam?d in the firft mentioned ad9 to put in execation an ad of this feflion of Parliament, tor granting an aid'to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and feventy fix.

C A P. XV.	•

An aGt for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within (he parifli of Saint George, in the county of Middleftx ; and for clranfing and lighting the fquares, ttreets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, hod other open paftages and places} and for keeping and regulating a slightly watch within fuch parts of the faid parifli as are not wituin the liberty of the tower of London.

CAP. XVI.

Ah ad for enlarging the term and powers, granted by three ads of par. figment, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale end beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and fuburbs thereof, for the purpoies in the faid ads mentioned.

CAP. XVII.

Ah *d for building a bridge icrofs the river Severn from Benthall, in t|xe county of Salop, to the oppodte (bore at Madely wood, in the faid dbanty 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the fiine.

■ # ’	CAP.	XVIII.

An ad fo^ enlarging the term of letters patent granted by his prefent Majefty to Elisabeth Taylor of the town of Southampton, widow, for the (ole ufe and exercife of certain engines, tools inltrumentf, and otr*e^ apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, ufed in the rigging of (hips.

VOL. XXXI.	N	Pre-

Digitized by

Google

164	Anno	decimo	fexto	GeorGII III. C. 19,20.	[1776.

Preamble. His Majefty’* royal letters patent to Elizabeth Taylor of Southampton* widow. All the powers* privileges* &c. contained in the %	before-recited letters patent* by this aft granted to Walter Taylor, his

executors* See. for a further term of 14 years. Specification of improve, ments to be inrolled in the court of Chancery within 4. months, otherwise this aft to be void. Walter Taylor to grant licences* See. on certain conditions* PubUck aft*.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England* for one year* beeinning the twenty-fifth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and liven ty-fix.

CAP. XX.

An aft for the better fupply of mariners and Jeamen to ferve in bis Majejiys Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips% and other trading Jbips and vtjfels.

FO R the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in Its Majejlfs Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other trading Jhipr and vejfels; be it enafted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and Commons* in this prefent parliament From the paf-affembled, and bv the authority of the fame* That from and fiftg m # h a^tcr PaffinS °* ^is a<^> until the twenty-fifth day of Marcb% 15,1777, mer-one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and no longer* chant (hips* (except in refpeft to fuch merchant fhips, and other trading (hips or veflels, which fhall be on their voyage before the faid twenty-fifth day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, who fhall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigatea in the manner as herein-after is provided), it fhall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip or other trading (hip or vefiel, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonics or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubjefts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip or other trading (hip or vefiel; and that one-fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen fo employed be, at all times, natives of his Majefty's naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain * (fudden death, and hazard and cafualties of war, and the feas, faved and excepted); one aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft for the encouraging and encreafing of /hipping and navigation,) or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithflanding.

This aft not II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall to teftrain his extend to take away or reftrain the effeft of any fuch royal pro-^ptoclama-* c^amatI0n as h,s Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, are impowered tiou* &c.	* t0 make by virtue of an aft, pafied in the thirteenth year of his

1	#	late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better fupply of ma-

riners and jeamen to ferve in his Majejiys Jbips of war% and on boar I merthantJbips % and other trading Jbips and privateers*

CAP.

&c. may be navigated with 3-4ths foreigners.

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno dccimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 21—23.

1H

C A P. XXI. •

An aft to amend an aft, pa fled in the third year of his (ate Majefty** reign, intituled, An aQ jar making navigable the river Stroud water, in tba county of Glouceftea, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wall-bridge, near the town of Stroud, in the fame county \ and tor giving other powers, for the purpofe of making a navigation from Framiload to Walibridge aforelaicL.

c a p. xxn.

An aft for rebuilding the parifti church of Tardebigg, in the counties of Worceder and Warwick.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for the better regulation and government of the pilot* condufting (hips and veflels into and out of the port of Bolton, fti the county of Lincoln) and for affixing and fetting down mooring-polls upon the banks or high marlhet within or adjoining to the haven and harbour of the faid port) and for affixing and laying down bridges over the creeks upon the high marihes within or adjoining to the faid haven and harbour) and for preventing mifehiefs by lire in the faid haven and har* hour.

Preamble. Letters patent granted to the corporation by Queen Elizabeth, recited. Commiffioners appointed. Firft meeting. General meeting to be held annually. Mayor to have the calling vote. Commiffioners to defray their own sixpences. How to proceed if mayor negleft his duty. New commiffioners to be chofen in the room of thole dying, Sec. Com-miffioners, after due examination, to grant licences to pilots. Penalty on perfons afting as pilots without licence. Exception, in favour of coal barges, and veflels in diftrels. Rates of pilotage afeertained. Foreign veflels to pay double rates. Additional rates. Additional rates reftrift-cd, See. Extraordinary allowance for piloting veflels from The Knock-buoy, &c. Commiffioners to afeertain what part of the pilotage (hall be paid for the hire of doops, See. Commiffioners impowered to make byelaws, See. and to impole a penalty of cl. on aggrelTors. Pilots may be fafpended for breach of bye-laws, Sec. Bye-laws to be printed, with a lilt of the pilots and their fees. If pilots milbehave, commiffioners may vacate tbeir licences, Sec. Pilots, though refufed to be taken on board, to be paid their ufual fee. Mailer to give the pilot true draught of (hip, Sec. on penalty of 40s. Manner of proceeding in cafe pilot iufpe&'the mailer's account. Difputes to be fettled by the mayor, Sec. Pilotage of (hips outward bound to be fecured. or pilot may retufe to take the charge. On nonpayment of pilots rates, the mayor, Sec. may dillrain. Penalty for heating pitch, Sec. on board any (hip in the port, or the limits thereof. Mayor or jallice to hear and determine offences. If penalty not paid on demand, to be levied by dillrefs. If no goods can be found, offender to be committed. Application of penalties. Power to mitigate penalties. Perlons aggrieved may apptal to the feffions, whole determination (hall be final. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Form of cpn-viftion. Commiffioners to affix and iet down mooring-pods, Sec. and to lay down bridges over the creeks. Affixing mooring-polls and bridges re-drifted to certain places. No mooring-pods, Sec. to prejudice any works executed under the drainage aft of a Geo. 3 Additional rates to be taken after june 14,1776. Coals, ficci to be delivered within the didrifts of Wainfleet, Sec. exempted from the tonnage. Commiffioners impowered <b borrow 2000I. and to affign the duties as a lecurity. Affignments to be entered in a book. See. Affignments may be transferred. Form of transier. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and allow them fala ies-Treafurer and colleftor to give lecurity. Officers to fettle accounts, and pay the balance, fchen required by commiffioners Any officer refufing to account, Sec. to be committed. Commiffioaer holding any office at

N a	profit

Digitized by

Google

166	Anno	decimo	fexto Georcii III. c. 24.	[1776.

, profit under this aft, not to aft as fuch. How colleftor, &c. to proceed in cafe of veflels departing without paying duties. King's (hips of war, &o. exempted from duties. Mooring potu and bridges to be kept in repair. Application of the duties arifing by this aft. Extent of the harbour and haven, &c. Writings to be without damps. This aft not to affeft the Trinity Houfe of Kingfton, Sec. Saving of rights. This aft not to prejudice the work* of Black Sluice commiflioners. Did refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, See. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Limitation of aftions. General ifliie. Treble cofts. No aftion fhall be brought till after one month's notice. Publick aft.

CAP. XXIV.

. An aft for vefling certain ejlates, now held in trufl for the benefit of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, in the commiffiomrs and governors of the faid hofpital, incorporated by his Majejtf s Utters patent.

Preamble. XX/HEREAS their late majejlies King William and Queen Recital of let- W Mary, by Utters patent under the gnat feal of GreatBri-Kin/wmiam ta*n’ ^eartn& ^ate twenty-fifth day of October, which was in the and Queen fixth year of their reign, did give and grant unto ftr John Somers M^ry, dated knight, then keeper of the great feal, and fundry other perfons therein Oft. *5, in the named, a certain piece or parcel of ground, with a capital mejfuagt their reT n ere£ie^ thereof fituate and being within the parijh of Eaft Green, granting to fir w*c^ *n the county of Kent, in the faid Utters patent particularly John Somers, mentioned and deferibed, to bold to the faid fir John Sopiers and the and others, a other grantees, their heirs and ajfigns for ever, to be holden of the ProCund &c in crown as °f *** manor °f Eal* Greenwich in free and common foe-Eaft*Green- ^ ca&* b fea^y only and without rent, to the intent that the prtmfes wicb,&c. Jbould be converted into an hofpital for the relief of feamen of the royal navy incapable to maintain themfelves, their widows and children, and for the encouragement of feamen and improvement of navigation ; and that fo foon as the buildings Jbould be finijbed, and the crown Jbould ejlablijh a corporation for the government of the faid hofpi-tal, the faid grantees, and the Jurvivors of them, his or their heirs and ajfigns, Jbould, by appointment of the crown, convey the premifes (	unto Juch corporation : and whereas their late majejlies Queen Anne,

King George the Firft, and King George the Second, and his prefeni Majdly, did frjerally grant unto certain per fens feveral commijfions, enabling them to profecute and complete the building of thefaid hofpital, and did alfo grant feveral powers for the management thereof; but no corporation for the purpofe aforefaid was efiablijhed until the fixth day of Decern ber now lajl pajl; and whereas th: feveralgran-tees named in the faid letters patenUhave long fince departed this life, and it cannot be difeovered at this diflance of time who was the fur-vivor of the faid grantees, or in whom the Ugal eflatc of and iu the foid piece or parcel of ground and capital meffuage, in the faid Utters patent mentioned and deferibed, is now vejled: and whereas, in pro-fecution of the fcheme for building the J'aid hofpital, and providing fuitable accommodations thereto, it became necejfary to purchafe fundry mefjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, adjoining to the be-fore-mentioned piece or parcel of ground and capital mejfuage; and fucb mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, no corporation

being

Digitized by Google

1776. ] Anno decimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 24.	16y

being then eflablijhed, were conveyed at divers times to fundry perfons, who were then commijjioners or governors of the faid hofpital,for the ufe thereof by means whereof the legal ejlates of and in Juch pur chafed prmifes became and are now vefted in many perfons, fame of whom are wholly unconnected with the affairs of the faid bofpitaly and others of themy from the great effluxion of time fmce fuch pur chafes were Jo madey cannot now be, aifcovered: and whereas by an a Cl of parliament, made and puffed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his Recital of aft late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for vetting %%£co'1}' for the fevcral eftates of James late earl of Derwentwater9 and Charles	the

Ratcliffe deceafed, comprifed in feveral fettlements therein men- iate carj 0f tioned, in truftees, for an abfolute eftate of inheritance for the be- Derwentwa-nefit of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, and for railing certain	Cha*

furns of money, out of part of the faid eftates, for the relief °f Radcliffe, in the children of the faid Charles Ratcliffe \ after reciting as therein the benefit of is recited, it was enabled, That the baronyy manor, or lordfhip of Greenwich Langley, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof in the hofpital, &c. county of Northumberland, and alfo all thofe the manors of Whit-tingftall alias Quittingftall, and Newlands, Dilfton alias Devel-fton, Aydon-Shields, Warke, Elrington, and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurte-nancesy in the faid county ^Northumberland, and all thofe manors or reputed manors of Spindlefton, Utchefter, Throckley, Coaftley, Middleton-Hall, Eaft Thornton alias Thornton Eatt, Weft-wood, and Thornborough, and every of themy with their and every of their rightSy membersy and appurtenances, in the faid county of Northumberland ; and alfo all that the advowfon of the church of Symondburne, with the appurtenancesy in thefaid county of Northumberland ; and alfo all thofe manors or reputed manors 0/Caftle-rigg and Dcrwentwater alias Kefwick and Thormhwaite, with their and every of their rights, membersy and afpurtenanctSy in the county of Cumberland 5 and alfo all that the manor ^/'Scremerfton, with the rights, membersy and appurtenances, in the county palatine of Durham ; and alfo all and fingular the meffuages, grangeSy far ms y landSy meadows, pa (lures, feedings, woods, underwoods, tenement s9 and hereditaments whatfoevet, late the ejlates of ihe faid James earl of Derwent water, or whereof he was fe'vzed of any eftate of inheritance in pojfeftion, reverjion, remainder, or expectancy, fituate, lying, or being in the faid counties ^/'Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appur-tenanceSy which, by certain indentures of leafe and rcleafe therein re-died,bearing date the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve y were fettled, limited, and offered to the ufes in the Jaid indenture of releafe of the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, mentioned, and the reverfton and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rentSy iffues, and profits, ofall andfingular the fame premifes Jhouldffrom and immediately after the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe in the faid ad named, be, and be deemed to have been, divefted out of his thenMaieJly, his heirs andfurteffors, and fettled upon and vefted in, and the fame were thereby from thenceforth fettled upon and vefted in% the mo ft noble

N3	Charles

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo (exW Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the right honourable Henry Fox efquire, their heirs and ajftgns, freed, acquitted, and ab-folutely difeharged, 0/, /raw, W againfl all and every the ufes, efates, and limitations, 10 W by the/aid indenture of releafe or Jet-tlement, dated the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand /even hundred and twelve, limited and created of and concerning the fame, to and for the fir ft and other fons of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and the ijfue male ofjuch fir ft and other fons, and freed and abfolutely dif-charged of and from all fucb right, title, efiate, interefl, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his faid Majefly, his heirs and fuccejfors, by virtue of the feveral attainders in the faid aft mentioned, or of the fit-veral afts of parliament in the faid aft recited, or any of themm, and elfo freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all fuch fight, title, )ejlate, interefl, claim, and demand, as was vefied, or that might or could accrue or belong to his faid late Majefly, his heirs or fuccejfors, by reafon or means of James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radcliffe, in the faid aft named, or either of them, having been born out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, or ctberwife howfoever, (fave as therein after was faved) to the srfe of them the faid Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, adminiflrators, and affigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of five hundred years, to be computed from the day of the death of the Jaid Charles Radcliffe, and from thence next enjuing andfully to be compleat and ended, without impeachment of wqfte; and, from and after the end, expiration, or other fooatr determination of the faid term, then to andfor the only proper ufe and behoof of the right honourable Archibald Hamilton efquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith efquire, James Gunman efquire, fir John Thompfon knight, fir James Creed knight, Peter Burrell efquire, William pawkener efquire, William Baxter efquire, Edward Vernon efquire, Thomas Ripley efquire, ioftor David Cockburn, James Spilman efquire, William Allix efquire, Fitzwilliam Plumptre efquire, William Young tfquire, and captain Francis Danfays, then being fixteen of the commtjjtoners or governors and direftors of the faid royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, their heirs and affigns for ever; in trufl nevertheltfs, for themfelves and the reft of ibe commiffioners or governors and direftors for the time being of the faid royal hofpital, for the ufes and furpofes following ; (that is to fay,) In the firfl place, for and towards the finijbing and tompleating the building of the faid royal bof-pital; and after the building of the fame fhould be compleated and/ nijhed, for and towards the fupport of the faid royal hofpital, and for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital worn out and become decrepid in the fervice of their country: and it was thereby further enabled., that the manor and lordjhip of Alftonc alias Alftone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the ,	,	and

appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the faid county of Cumberland, and all thofe the two parts (the whole into three parts to be divided) of the manor and lordjhip	of Newton Hall the faid county	Nor-

thumberland ; and all that the moiety or one half part of the village tr towrjhip of Buteland, its tbepar of Chollerton W county of

jtfor*

Digitized by C^ooQle

i?;6.] Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 24;	169

Northumberland ; and all tbofi the reftories or parsonages of Kirke-Welpington, Harburne alias Hartburne, and Midford in the /aid county of Northumberland; and all and fingular the meffuages, tithes, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoevtr, fituate, lying, and being in the faid county of Northumberland, which, by certain other indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date the twenty-third and twenty fourth days of March, one tboufandfix hundred and ninety-one, in the faid aft mentioned, were fettled, limited, and af-fured to the ufes in the faid indenture of releafe, of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufandfix hundred and ninety-one, mentioned; and which by virtue of the feveral attainders in the faid aft mention-ei, and of the feveral afts of parliament in the aft now reciting re-fpeftively recited, or fome of them, did then remain vefied in his faid late Maje/ly, his heirs and fucceffors, fubjeft to fucb appropriation of the rents and profits thereof for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hojpital at Greenwich as in the aft now reciting is mentioned; and the reverjion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rents, iffues, and profits, of all andJingular thefaid loft-mentioned premifes, fhould from thenceforth be divefied out of bis faid late Myfiy* bis heirs and futcefiirs; and the fame Jhould be, and Jbould be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth fettled upon, and vefied in, the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon,/r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener,

William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cock-burn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre,

William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and affigns, to the ufe of them, their heirs and affigns, for ever, in truft nevertbelefs% for tbemfelves and the refi of the commiffioners or governors and directors for the time being of the faid royal hofpital, for and towards tbe fimfhing and compleating the building of the faid royal hofpital, and, after tbe building of the fame Jhould be compleated and finijbed, for and towards the fupport of the faid royal hofpital, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital worn out and become de~ crepid in tbe fervice of their country, freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all fuch right, title, efiafe, interefi, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his faid Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, by virtue ojf the feveral attainders in the aft now reciting mentioned, or of tbe Jemal afts of parliament therein alfo recited, or any of them, or other-wife howfoever, and freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all fucb right, title, efiate, interefi, claim, or demand, as any other perfon or perfons whatsoever then had, or might, or could have had, in or to tbe faid lafi-mentioned manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account wbatfoever, fave as thertin-after is mentioned: and it was thereby alfo enabled, That the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith,

James Gunman, fir John Thompfon, fir James Creed, Peter Surrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon,

Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William AUix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and affigns, fhould, in trufi as of 'oref aid, but fubjeft to the term of five hundred years, (as to tbe premifes com-

N 4	t	prifti

Digitized by	*

• 170

Anno decimo fexto GeoRGH III*. C. 24.	[	1776.

prlfed in the faid fettlemcnt of the twenty-fourth day of June, ont thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and as the fame was therein-before created and limited,) held and enjoy all and finguhr the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprifed in the faid fettlements of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, and twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelves and which were therein before vefied, or mentioned to be vefied, in the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon,/r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Dar.fays, and the fame Jbould be, and be deemed to be, held of the faid late King’s majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, as of his faid late Majefiy’s manor of feaft Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common foccage tenure; but neverthelefs the Jaid manors, lands) tenements, and hereditaments, Jhould be, and Jbould be deemed to be,JubjcCl to fuch quit-rents, crown rents, and duteby-rents, ijfuing thereout refpedively, as the fame were reffectively liablt to on the twenty-third day of June, one thoufand Jeven hundred and fifteen t ! Commifiion- and it was thereby alfo enacted and declared, That the then prefent cr r rs atcounTa fuiure corfimiffioners or governors and directors of the faid royal hofpi-liie to the > of-at Greenwich, or any of them Jhould not be anfwerable or account-pital only for able to any perfon or per fins, other than to the faid royal hofpital, for profits ot	or in refpeCt of all or any part of the rents, ijfues, and profits, of the

lands, See.	ja^ manQrsf lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprifed in the

indentures of leafe and releafe of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, in the faid aCl recited, which had accrued or become due from the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, and which had then already been, or Jhould there-Exception, after be received by them, or any of them, except by laying fuch cc- j counts before his Majejly and both houfes of parliament, as by a certain ad, of the eighth year of his faid late Majefiy’s reign, is directed; but that all fuch rents, ijfues, and profits, and all fines and fum of . money which had accrued or become due or payable from the death of the faid Charles Radcliffe, Jhould be appropriated and applied to the ufes and for the purpofes in the faid aCl, of the eighth year of his faid tare Majefiy’s reign, mentioned, and in the cCi now reciting mentioned\ never thelefs, that they the faid commiffioners or governors and directors for the time being, Jhould from time to time lay the accounts of their receipts, payments, and dijburfements, before his Majefiy and both houfes of parliament, as by the faid recited ad, of the eighth year of his faid late Majefiy, is directed, as well with refpeCt to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprifed in the faid fettlemcnt of the twenty-fourth day of j une, one thoufand feven hundred and twefvme,as with refpeCt to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprifed in tin faid fettlemcnt of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-one; and after reciting, that by reafin of the limitation therein-before made to the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon,y?r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Ed-

Digitized by

Google

Anno declmo fexto Georgii til. c. 24.	tjrt

ward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, Jamds Spil-mart, Wiiliam Allix, Fitzwilliam PJumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, of the /aid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner aforefaid, a doubt might be made whether the tenants of the faid ejlates ought from thenceforth to do fuch afts and ferviees, and pay fuch fines and Jams, as, by the nature and tenure of their ejlates, founded upon Immemorial ufage and cufiom or otherwife, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof \ in cafe the limitation of the faid manors, lands, tenements, andhereditaments, was made to a particular perfon only and his heirs; in order to make the like provifions as were made by the aft of the eleventh year of his faid late Majefty's reign, for obliging the tenants of the faid ejlates to do fuch afts and ferviees, and to pay fuch fines andfilms of money as aforefaid, it was further enafted, That upon the death of®?0* his faid late Majefty, and alfo upon the death of every fuccejfive King and Queen of this realm, all fuch afts and ferviees Jhould be done and &c. enabled* performed, and all Juch fines and fums of money Jhould be paid by the that ferviees rejpeftive tenants of the faid ejlates to the faid commiffioners or goiter- be done, and nprs and dire ftor s Jor the time being of the Jaid royal hofpital at Green-	tenants

wich, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contraft, law, ufage, agreeable to or cufiom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in cafe the ancient tt-faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be, nure. or were aftually vefied in his faid late Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-Jbrs ; and that be and they were to be confidered as private perfons only, and not in their politick capacity; and for default of performance of fuch afts and ferviees which ought fo to be done and performed, ana for dejault of payment of any fuch fines andfums of money which ought fo to be paid, fuch forfeitures and penalties Jhould accrue and become due, and it Jhould be lawful for the faid commijjioners or governors and direftors for the time being of the faid royal hojpital, in the name of any one of them, to ufe and take all fuch ways and means Jor recovering and taking advantage oj the faid f orfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully ufd or taken by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffoTs, tn cafe the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were aftually vefied in his faid Majefty, his heirs andfuccejfors, and that he and they were to be confidered as private perfons only, and not in their politick capacity \ any law, ufage, or cufiom, to the contrary notwitbftandtng: and it was thereby alfo further enafted. That the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the furvivor s and furvivor of them, and the executors and adminifira-tors of fuib furvivor, Jhould Hand pojfejfed of and interefted tn the barony, manors, lands,- and hereditaments, by two feveral indentures, both bearing date the fifteenth day of February, one thoufand fevtn hundred and forty-eight, in the aft now reciting particularly mentioned, refpeftively bargained, fold, and affigned unto the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman,y?r Edward Bellamy, fir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, adminifirators, and affigns,for and during all the rejl, refidue, and remainder then to come and unexpired, of tffe feveral terjps of five hundred years and five hundred years in the fame ‘ * ‘ r	‘	*	'	jnden*

Digitized by

Google

*

*7*	Anno, tfccimo facto Georgia III. c. 24. [1776.

indentures mentioned; and that they the (did Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, Jaipes Gunman, fir John Thompfon, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the furvivors and Jurvivor of them, and the refpeftive heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, Jucb jurvivor,	fiand poffeffed of and interejled in the

fum of three tboufand pounds in the aft now reciting mentioned, <2*i /£* barony, manors, ZaWj, and hereditaments, charged with the payment thereof \ in truftyfor the commiffioners or governors and direftors for the time beings of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, and to the intent that the faid lafl-memioned terms offive hundred years andfive hundred years might attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance of the premifes therein refpeftively comprifed% and by the aft now reciting limited to the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon, fir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, Dav/d Cockburn, James Spilman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Dan-fays, and to proteft the fame from all mefne incumbrances, if any fbould happen to be; but fubjeft nevertbelefs, and without prejudice, to the faid term of five hundred years therein before limited to the faid Charles duke */* Richmond and Lenox and Henry Fox, their exe-actors, adminijlrat ors and affigns, asaforefaid: and it was thereby Comraiflion- further enaftedy That it fbould and might be lawful to and for the ers or govern- commiffioners or governors and direft or j,for the timebeingy of the faid or* impower- y0yal hofpital at Greenwich, or any feven or more of themyfrom time ftcwa*df°re- t0 ttme* an(* at ^ itmei thereafter* to appoint fiewardsy receiverSy or ceivers, &c. hailiffsy of the faid manors9 landsy tenement/, and hereditaments, and to invefi them with full power to receive and get in the rents, iffutSy and profits thereof \ and to give receipts9 iifchargeSy and acquittances for thefamey and to hold courts, and to do and perform all aftsy matters y and thingSy neceffary for the managing of the Jaid'premifes, ufually done and performed byfiewardsy receivers, and bailiffs, and alfo to aj-fign and allow fuch jalaries and rewards to the Jaid Jlewardt, re-'	eeiverSy	arid	bailiffs, as the faid commiffioners or governors and direc-

tors of the faid royal hofpitalfor the time beingy or any feven or mere of and to fell themy fbould think requifite and neceffary in that behalf; and alfo that timber. it fbould and might be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners or governors and direftors of the faid hofpital for the time beingy or anyfeven or more of themyfrom time to time, and at all times thereofter, to contra ft for the fale of, and accordingly to make fale and difpofe of, all or any fuch part or parts of the timber or timber trees on the faid eflateSy as they toe faid commiffioners or governors and dir eftor j, or any jeven or more of themy fbould think fity and to authorife and appoint any perfon or perfons to make any contraft or contrafts for the fale of all or any part or parts of fuch timber and timber trees9 and to recetve the pur-chafe-money for the famey without being obliged to make any application for all or any ofthofe purpofes to his Majejlfs court of exchequer, or to any perfon or perfons whatfoever: and it was thereby alfo further enaftedy That the money to arife by the fale of the faid timber fbould bq applied to the ufe of the faid hofpital \ but fo nevertbelefs as that no perfon or perfons who fbould pwrchofe any part of fuch timber fbould bq

an-

4

Digitized by C^ooQle

*776*3 Anno dccimo fexto Georoii III. <^*4.	175

anjwerable for tbi application of Juch purchafe-money; and that it jbould and might be lavoful to and for the/aid commiffioners. or governors and directors of the Jaid bofpital, or any feven or more of them, to direfl the ratting down, from time to time, Jucb timber and timber trees from tff the faid ejlates as they Jbould at any time adjudge necejfary or fitting to be ufcd in the repairing any boufes, tenements, buildings, or efec-tions, on the faid ejlates, or to be ujed in the building any new boujis, tenements, edifices, buildings, orJiruflures, as they Jbould judge fitting to be ere fled on the faid ejlates, or Jbould think it necejfary or reafon-able to build or ere ft for any tenants of the faid ejlates, or for the. be-aefit or improvement of the premifes, or any part thereof: and it was Co® toereby further enabled. That it Jbotdd and might be lawful to and for ^were^to" tbq commiffioners or governors and directors for the time being of the grant leafes of . faid royafbojpital at Greenwich, or any feven or more of them, from mine*, lands, time to time, and at all times thereafter, to demife and grant all and &c- for 11 every or any of the mines of lead, coal, and other minerals, as wellycarg* opened as not opened, within and under any of the afore faid lands and premifes, to any perfim or perfons,for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, and to grant leafes of all or any of the afore-faid manors, lands, tenements, and beredit&tnints, unto any perfon or perfons for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, to take effeft in pojfeffion, and not in reverfion, referving in every leafej demife, or grant of mines, fuch dues, rent or rents, and profits, as they Jbould judge mojl reafonable: and referving on every other leafe and demife the bed yearly or other rents or dues which can be reafonably gotten for the fame, without taking any fine, premium, or foregift; and that it Jbould be lawful for /he faid commiffioners or governors and directors of the faid bofpital, or any feven or more of them, to grant in every fucb leafe, demife, and grant of mines and minerals, to the refpeflive adventurers, lejjee or If [fees of fucb mines and minerals, full power and liberty to win and work the fame mines and minerals, and to do every other raafonoble aft and thing requifite and necejfary for that purpofe j but it was thereby enafled. That in every fuch demife and leafe there Jbould be contained a condition of re-entry for nonpayment of the rent and rents thereby refpeflively to be referved; and it'jbould be requifite for the refpeflive le/fees to execute counterparts of all fuch demifes and leafes > and no clauje Jhould be contained in any of the faid demifes or leafes, other than in the demifes or leafes of the faid mines or minerals, whereby to give power to any lejfee to commit * • tvafle, or to exempt him, her, or them, from punijhment for committing the fame: and after reciting that the fines, cuftoms, and fiervices, by and under which feveral of the tenants held their farms, lands, tenements, and ejlates, lying and being within feveral of the aforefaid manors, were agreed, aftertained, or exprejfed, in fome articles, indent ture, deed or writing, then or late in the cujlody or power of fiotne of the faid tenants, which, if produced, might be a means to prevent dij-fiutes, differences, andfuits, concerning the Jaid fines, cufioms, and fiervices, and for the quiet and benefit both of the lord and tenants; and it might happen that fuch tenants might refufe to produce orJhew fuch articles, indenture, deed, or writing, it was therefore enafled,

%bat it Jbould and might be lawful, to and for any feven or mqre o£

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1776.

the commiffioners or governors and direQon of the faid hofpital for the time being, to apply to bis Majejiys court of Exchequer at Wcft-minfter, by a motion in a fummary way, again/} any tenant or tenants bolding any farms, lands, tenements, or ejlates, lying and being within the faid manors, or any of them, of whofe having in his, her or their cujlody or power any fuch articles, indenture,	writings proba-

ble evidence Jhould be Jhewed tg the fatisfaflion of the faid court, /*r fuch tenant or tenants to produce and Jhew forth the fame; upon which motion it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the faid court of Exchequer to examine and enquire into the faid matter, and make fuch order or orders with refpetl to the producing and Jhewing forth any fuch articles, indenture, deed, or writing, by any fuch tenant or tenants appearing to the faid court to have the fame in bis, her, or their cujlody or power, and with refpeft to any copy or copies to be had and made thereof and fuch other order and orders concerning the fame, as the faid court Jhould think proper and jujl: and it was thereby further Truftees ita- enabled, That fo foon as it Jhould happen that fo many of them the faid powered, fo Archibald Hampton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, fir John Thompfon,fr James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, be reduced to William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David ii, to chufe Cockburn, James Spilmaq, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plump-new ones,&c. tre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, the truftees nominated and appointed in and by the faid aft, for and on behalf of the faid com-mijftoners or governors and directors of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, Jhould happen to die, fo as that the number of fuch tru-Jlees Jhould be reduced to eleven, or to any UJfer number, that then, and in that cafe, it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the com-mijftoners or governors and directors of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any feven or more of them, and they were thereby autborifed and impowered at any time thereafter, by any deed or infrument in writing under their refpeflive hands and jeals, to be inrolled in bis Majejlfs high court of Chancery, to nominate fuch other perfons as they the Jaid commijftoners or governors and directors of the faid hofpital, or any feven or more of them, Jhould think fit, in the plate of fuch pf the faid truftees as JhouldJo happen to die; and that it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the Jaid commijftoners or governors and directors of the Jaid hofpital for the time beitgg, or any feven or more of them, and they were thereby autborifed and impowered, from time to time, and at all times afterwards, when and fo often as any other of the faid truftees, or when and fo often as any of fuch other perfons as Jhould be fo nominated as aforefaid, or any other perfons to be afterwards nominated in purfuance of the faid all (which they were thereby autho-rifd and impowered to nominate accordingly) Jhould happen to die, by any fuch deed or injirument in writing os~ aforefaid, to nominate fuch other perfons as they the faid commijftoners or governors and directors, or any feven or more ofthem, Jhould think fit, in the place of all and every the perfon and perfons fo dying: qnd it was thereby alfo enabled and declared\ That from and immediately after every fuch nomination, all andfingular the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, thereinbefore limited and given to the faid Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman,J/r John Thompfon, fir Tames Creed,

Peter

Google

177&] Anno decimo fexto Geprgii III. C. 24.

Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilmart,

William Allix, Firzwiliiam Plumptre, William Young,' and Francis Danfays, and their heirs as aforefaid, jhould be well veiled in the perfons who from time to time Jhould be fo nominated as aforefaid, jointly with the furvivors of the fa'td truflees, or fuch other perfons as aforefaid, and in their heirs, in trufl, for the faid commjffiioners or governors and dire ft on of the faid hofpital, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the perfons fo to be nominated at aforefaid had been actually named in the aft now reciting, and the the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, had been thereby limited and given to them and the furvivors of the* faid truflees, or fuch other perfons as aforefaid, and their heirs: and whereas the perfons, in whom the faid manors, meffuages, lands, te-nements, and hereditaments were, by or by virtue of the . faid aft of parliament, vejled, have been feveral times reduced to eleven or a lefs number, and thereupon appointments of new truflees have been from time to time made, executed, and inroiled in bis MajeJly's high court of Chancery, purfuant to the faid aft of parliament: and whereas the commiffioners and governors of the faid hofpital, ft nee the paffing of the faid aft of parliament, have made fome fmall pur chafes of lands, tene~ ments, tithes, and hereditaments, in the counties ^/'Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, for the better accommodation of the tenants of the manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised or mentioned in the faid recited aft of parliament; and fuch purchafed premifes have been conveyed to fucb perfons as, at the feveral times of making fuch pur chafes, were truflees of the ejlates lately belonging to the faid earl of Derwent water and CharJes Radcliffe, for the ufe of the faid hofpital: and whereas bis1*arioaiJeN latemujefly King Charles the Firjl, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the thirteenth day of February which was in the twelfth Granted year of his reign, did appoint that certain light-houfes which had been i»Car. 1. erefled by fir John Meldrum on the North and South Foreland, jhould be continued, and that he might alter, renew, remove, or change them, and that there Jhould be collefted from every vejfel, whether belonging to fubjefts or firangers, paffing byjuch light-houfes, certain duties per ton, and gave feveral directions for collecting and getting in the fame, and granted the faid duties to the faid fir John Meldrum, bis executors, adminiflrators, and affiigns,for fifty years from the date of the faid latters patent, under the rent of twenty pounds, pay-able into the Exchequer by half-yearly payments: and whereas bis lute majefiy King Charles the Second, by his letters patent, bearing *3 Car. u date on or about the twenty-firft day of July which was in the twenty-third year of his reign, did grant the faid duties to John Smith, tffuire, for the further term of thirty years, to commence from the expiration of the former grant to the faid fir John Meldrum: and whereas the faid duties afterwards became the property of Robert CHbolfton efquire: and whereas her late majejly 2>ueen Anne, by 3 Anne. ber letters patent, bearing date on or about the fit ft day of June which was in the third year of her reign, did grant the faid duties to the faid Robert Olbolfton, for the further term of feventeen years, to com-

mence

Digitized by

Anno detimo fexto GeoRgii III. c. 24'.	[1776!

mince from the expiration of tie former grant to the faid John Smith \ and tbe faid duties, together with three mejfuages or tenements fttuate on Saint Peter’s Hill in the city of London, by virtue of the will of tbe faid Robert Ofbolfton, bearing date on or about tbe tenth day of October which was in tbe year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and [even, became the property of the faid 3 Geo. *. hofpital: and whereas his late majejly King George the Second, by bis letters patent, bearing date on or about the fourteenth day of July which was in tbe third ye/sr of his reign, did give and grant unto fir John Jennings, Jofeph Soanes, Philip Cavendifh, fir Gerrard Conyers, fir Edward Bellamy, fir John Thompfon,y?r Thomas Colby, Samuel Holden, William Fawkener, Baltzar Lyell, John Hanbury, Ralph Radcliffe, Nicholas Clarke, William Baxter, Sidney Godolphin, Charles Chamberlain, Edward Vernon, John Guy, William Collier, Jayes Sewell, Richard Moretoq, Colin Campbell, Charles Vanburgh, and Jofeph Bell, their exe-tutors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, full power and authority, at their own charges, with the advice of Jkilful feafaring men, to continue, maintain, ere ft, alter, renew, and change, the refpeftive ligbt-houfes and lights upon the North and South Foreland; and did give and grant unto them, their executors, adminijlrators,‘ and ajjigns, certain duties payable for Jhips and other vejfels having the benefit of the faid ligbt-houfes and lights, with powers to colie ft the fame, to bold to them, their executors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, for ninety-nine years, from tbe expiration, furrender, forfeiture, or other fooner determination, of the letters patent therein recited, and tbe grant thereby made to tbe faid Robert Ofbolfton, in trufi, for the foleufe, benefit, and behoof, of the poor feamen of the faidhofpital: and whereas his pre-and if Geo vfent Majefty, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the fixtb day of December now lajl paft, after reciting the letters patent granted by King William and Queen Mary, Queen Anne, King George the Fir ft, and King George the Second, for the founding, erefting, and managing the Jaid hofpital, as htrein-before mentioned; and alfo reciting, that it had been found that the powers contained in the faid recited letters patent had not been competent for the collefting, receiving, and applying, the revenues, rents, profits, and emoluments, given, appropriated, and belonging, or which might thereafter be given, appropriated, or belong to, or to the ufe of the faid hofpital, and bad alfo been found infufficicnt for other necejfary and beneficial purpofes, -	.	whereby great inconveniences and Ioffes had happened to the faid hofpi-

fons fin	tal, did ordain, appoint, and eftablijb. That certain perfons, in the let-

reciting patent ters patent now reciting named and deferibed, Jbould for ever thereafter deferibed, in- be, by virtue of the faid letters patent, one body politick and corporate, corpora ted:	jn jeej ang jn nme, by the name of The commiflloners and go-

theirname. vernors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent; and did alfo give fundry powers to fuch corporation for the better regulation and management thereof: and whereas great in-conveniences will arife to the faid corporation in cafe the legal'eftatesof and in the piece or parcel of ground, capital mejfuage, and other mtft fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein-befort mentioned to befituate, lying, and being at Greenwich and on Saint Peter’s Hiil

afore-

Google

1776.] Anno decimd fexto GfioRGn III. C. 24.	ij}

oforefaidj and of and in the jaid barony, manors, mjfuages,landsytene+ aents, and hereditaments, herein-before mentioned to be fituate, lyings and being in the counties ^Northumberland W Cumberland, and county palatine j/*Durham, vefled by the faid recited affs of parliament or purchafed as aforefaidy and of and in the faid light-houfe duties,/ball continue and remain in fo many per Jons as the fame are now vefed iny and which inconveniences will be wholly removed by vejiing Jucb legal efates in the faid corporation, who are now capable by law of taking and holding the fame\ may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted 5 and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every After May 1, the barony, manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and *776. all hereditaments, and light-houfe duties, with their feveral rights, members, and appurtenances, heretofore given, granted, devifed, heretofore* fettled upon, or vefled in, or conveyed or limited or devifed or given or affigned to, any perfon or perfons whomfoever, in truft for, or granted to, or for the ufe or benefit of the faid hofpital, or given, granted, or Greenwich °f* devifed to the faid hofpital, by any gift, grant, letters patent, hofpital,vefled will, letters of adminiftration, adt of parliament, indentures, in the corpo-deed poll, or other deed in writing, or otherwife howfoever, and ration of the the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, rents, T^vem-^ iffups, and profits thereof, (hall, from and after the firft day of org>

Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, be divefted out of all and every fuch perfon and perfons, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and adminiflrators, and the fame (hall be, and lhall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth fettled upon and vefled in the faid corporation, being the com-miffioners and governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich in the county of Kenty their fucceflors and afligns, to the ufe of the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, their fucceflors and afligns, for ever, freed and abfo* lutely difeharged of and from all fuch right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, and demand, as any perfon or perfons whatfoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the faid barony, manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and light-houfe duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account howfoever, fave as herein-after is mentioned.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Adt 12 Geo. 2. from'and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hurt- &c- repealed, dred and feventy-fix, all and every theclaufes and powers here-

in-before recited to be contained in the faid adt of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second ; and alfo fo much of the adt pafled in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, as relates to laying the accounts of the commiflioners or governors of the faid hofpital before his Majefty and both houfes of parliament; (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.	T .

III.	And be it further enadted, That the faid commiflionefs	barc£"

and governors of the faid royal hofpital, their fucceflors and af- ny, lands. See.

a	figns,	are to be held.

Digitized by

-

Services to be performed, and fines paid, by thetenants, agreeable to the ancient tenure. See,

How forfeitures and penalties may be recovered.

Anno decimo facto Georgii lit c.24.	[1776.

figns, (hall hold and enjoy all and lingular the faid barony,, manors, tnefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and the fame (hall be and be deemed to be held of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as of his Majefty’s manor of Eajl Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common foc-cage tenure; but neverthelefs the faid barony, manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, (hall be, and (hall be deemed to be, fubjedt to fuch quit-rents, crown-rents, and dutchy-rents, ifluing thereout refpedtively, as the fame are now refpeflively liable to.

IV.	And whereas, by reafon ofthe fettling ofthe faid barony, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the faid com-miffioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital in manner aforefaid, 0 doubt may be made whether the tenants ofthe faid ejiates ought from henceforth to do fucb afts and fervices, and pay fuch fines and fiums as, by the nature and tenure of their ejiates, founded upon immemorial ufage and cufiom or otherwife, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof, in cafe the fettlement of the faid barony, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, was made to a particular perfon only and his heirs: now, in order to make the like provifions as were made by an a ft ofparliament, made and pajfed in the eleventh year, and of the faid aftpajfed in the twenty-fecond year of his late Majejiy's reignfor obliging the tenants of the faid ejiates to do fuch afts and fervices, and to pdy fuch fines and fums of money as aforefaii, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the death of his prefent Majefty, (whom God long preferve for the benefit of his people), and alfo upon the death of every fucceffive King or Queen of this realm, all fuch adis and fervices (hall be done and performed, and all fuch fines and fums of money (hall be paid, by the refpeSive tenants of the faid eftates, to the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contract, law, ufage, or cuftom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in cafe the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were adiually vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and that he and they were to be confidered as private perfons only, and not in their politick capacity; and for default of performance of fuch adU and fervices which ought fo to be done and performed,, and for default of payment of any fuch fines and fums of money which ought fo to be paid* fuch forfeitures and penalties (hall accrue and become due; and it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital to ufeand take all fuch ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the faid forfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully ufed or taken by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in cafe the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, were actually vefted in his Majefty, his heirs andTuCceflfors, and that he and they were to be confidered as private perfons only, and not in their politick capacity; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V. And

1776.]	Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. e. 24.	179

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That All ftock an-all and every perfon and perfons, in whofe name or names any vcited for" ftock annuities, or other monies, is or are now (landing or being {J/ufe Qf the in truft for, or for the ufe or benefit of the faid hofpital, or in hofpital, to be whom any ftock annuities* or other monies, hath or have been transferred to invefted for, or for the ufe or benefit of the faid hofpital, and the ^e corpora, ftirvivors and furvivor of them, or the executors and admini- tlon# ftrators of fuch furvivor, (hall, as foon as conveniently may be

after the paffing this a&, afiign and transfer fuch ftock annuities, or other monies aa aforefaid, unto the faid corporation,

VI. And whereas divers penalties, forfeituregifts % duties, and ether benefits^ have been given9 granted, fettled, appropriated, and efiablijbed9 for the ufe and benefit of the Jaid royal hofpital% and the maintenance thereof in and by divers ftatutes heretofore made and now in forces and divers modes have been preferred by fuch ftatutes for the recovery of fuch penalties, forfHtures, gifts% duties, and other benefits ; and inconveniences have arifen in turfuing fuch modes for the 1 recovery thereof; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the firft dty of May, one thoufand feven All penalties, hundred and feventv-fix, alt and every penalties, forfeitures, gifts,etc^given gifts* duties, and otner benefits, given, granted, fettled upon,to or vc™ m or veiled in, any perfon or perfons whomfoever, in truft for, or fo/th^benefit for the ufe or benefit of, the (aid bofjpital, or given, granted, or of the hofpital, appropriated to the faid hofpital, (hall be deemed to be, andthey fhall, after are accordingly from thenceforth fettled upon, veiled in, and f» l^l6* appropriated to the commiflioners and governors of the royal j£e commifli-hofpital for feamen at Greenwich in the county of Kenty their file- oners, etc. ceflors and afligns, for the ufe and benefit or the faid royal hofpital; and that all fuch fuits as (half or may be neceflary to be brought for the recovery of any fuch penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, or other benefits aa aforefaid, or any part? of them, or either of them, (hall and may be brought, commenced, and pro-fecuted, by and in the name of The commiftioners and governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent, in fuch and the fame nrtanner as if fuch penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, and other benefits as aforefaid, had accrued to the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid hofpital in their corpoT rale capacity; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always. That all and every the Tuits, bills, Provife* plaints, informations, or anions, which are now depending in

aby of his Majefty’s courts of record, (hall and may be profe-cuted and carried on in fuch and the fame manner as if this a<5t had not been made.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That all and every leafe and demife of Thli not ill, or any the lands, tenement*, mines,-and hereditaments, of to invalidate or belonging to the faid royal hofpital, (hall and may be, and l*afea,etc. art hereby deemed to'be valid and effectual to all intents and purpofes, in fuch and the fame manner as if this aft had not

been made.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Vol. XXXI.	O	That

Digitized by Google

iffo	Anno	decimo	fefcto	Georgii	III.	c.	24—28.	[1776.

Part of an aft That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand (even 33 Geo. a. re- hundred and feventy-fix, fo much and fuch part of an adfc, made pealed. . ancj paffoi \n the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more effeftud fecuring the payment of Juch prize and bounty-monies as were appropriated to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled\ An alt for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effeltual manning his Majefty’s navy, as relates to the manner of levying and recovering penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or granted to or for the benefit of the faid hofpital, (hall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, Publick aft, X. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be a pub-lick alt; and all judges, jultices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpccially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for lighting and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other publick pailages and places, within the borough of Bolton, in the county of Lincoln ; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances* and obftruftions therein.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and Peck-ham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for eftahlifhing a foot patrole between Peckhaa and Blackman-ftreet in the borough of Southwark*

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for better cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paflages, within the borough of Dorchefter, in the county of Dorfet, and in the tithing of Colliton-row, in the town of Dorchefter aforefaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horfeways of fuch parts thereof as are turnpike; and for paving the footways and repairing the horfeways of fuch parts thereof as are not turnpike * for removing nuifances, annoyances, and cbflxuftions therein $ and for preventing houfes or buildings, hereaf ter to be ercfted in the faid borough and tithing, from being thatched.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the ♦own of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcetter, to join the Staffbrd-(hire and Worctfterlhire canal, at or near Stourton, in the county of - Stafford; and alfo two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens, upon Penfnet-chace, to communicate with the intended canal near the.Junftion of Wordelley-brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delpb, upon the faid cbace, to join the firft-mentianed collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parifh of Kingfwinford, in the faid county of Stafford.

Preamble. Names of the proprietors; who are incorporated: their powers. Courfe of the canal and cuts defcribed. Company of Proprietors liftpowered to fupply the canal with water from the adjoining brooks, &c. to enter lands or grounds to take furveys, See. and to dig and carry away ftone, gravel, &c. Company may build bridges, fluiccs, &c. make fences, and towing-paths, &c. doing as little damage as pofiible, and making

*	fatiu

1776.] ^nno dcdmo fexto Georgii III. g. 28.

fatisfo&ion for the fame. Company not to dig clay, See. in any lands of Mr. Hodgetts. Provifo. Proprietors not authorifed (without the confent of Mr. Hodgetts) to lay earth,JSec. on certain places j nor to carry the canal within 30 yards of his plantation at Hatcut 5 nor to leave fpoil or earth on his land near the road from Hafcut to Stewponey. Proprietors not to extend canal within one mile and a half of Birmingham canal, &c.

No water to be taken out of Birmingham canal navigation, Sec. Proprietors not to take or divert certain waters. Refervauon of waters for the ufe of the navigation. Proprietors not to make refervpirs on the fouth-eaft fide of the turnpike road between Dudley and Brierly-bill. See. Watte water to be conveyed to Mr. Fofter's leatber-pnill. Proprietors may ere& weirs, for carrying off fuperfluous water in times of flood. Provifo. Proprietors to erelt weirs upon the canal above Bell's mill. No quays. Sec. to be made in Mr. Fofter's land in Nager’s Fields. Direction of towing-path through Nager's Fields. Breadth of canal, towing-paths, &c. re-ftn&ed. Power to take water from mines * and alfo to make refervoirs, trenches, See. making recompence for damages. Proprietors of fire-engines, &c. to lift their water into the canal. Sec. How to proceed if parties cannot agree upon the compenfation, Sec. Punifhment of owners of fire-engines, Sec. who (hall refufe to raife the water as above mentioned. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to fell and convey. All perfons indemnified who (hall fell or convey, Sec. by virtue of this alt. Copyhold rights to be preferved. Commiflioners appointed. Commiflioners powers: they may determine what fums (hall be paid for land. See. and for damages. In what cafes juries to be impanelled. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to afeertain the fums to be paid for purchafe-money, damages, Sec. Their verdi& to be final. ^ Penalties on fheriff, jurors, Sec. neglecting their duty. Expences of Juries how to be paid. Perfons re-quefting juries to enter into bond to profecute, Sec. No complaints to be made to commiflioners, until application hath been made to proprietors* Penalty on giving falfe evidence. Upon payment or tender of monies

rid on for purchafe of lands, &c. the faid lands vefted in proprietors, may enter on the fame, Sec. Determinations, verdi&s, Sec. to be recorded, and lands to become vefted in the company. Purchafe-monies to be laid out to the fame ufes, &c. and, until fuch purchafes are made, to be placed in fome of the publick funds, Sec. Commifiioners to fettle proportions of money to be paid to perfons interefted. In default of payment of damages, how'to be recovered. If Damages and cofts not paid within, four months, may be levied by diftrefs and (ale. Commiflioners to enter their proceedings in a book, and appoint a clerk. Deltroying any works belonging to the navigation made felony. Offender may be tranfported for 7 years. Sec. or fined double the value of the damage. Proprietors may raife amongft themfelves 30,0001; to be applied in making canal, Sec. Money to be raifed (hall be divided into 300 (hares.) and deemed personal eft ate. No perfon, body politick, &c. to haveinore than ten (hares. Five percent, to be paid till the works are completed. Subfcribers to have a vote for each (hare, either in perfon or by proxy. General aflemblies to be held twice in every year. A committee to be chofen. A fpecial meeting may be held, after ten days notice. Committee fubjeft to controul of general aflcmbly, &c. Provifo. Books of account to be kept. Sec. General aflemblies to confift of 100 (hares. Power of general aflemblies and / committees. Owners to pay their (hares when called for, See. Penalty on negle& thereof. Shares not to be forfeited until after perfona! notice. See Trcafurer to give fecurity. Security to be inrollcd, within 3 months after given. General aflemblies may remove committee men and officers* and make bye-laws. In cafe of death of fubferiber, executors. Sec. may an-fwer^calls, or in default thereof, (hares may be diipofed. of. Proprietors may fell their (hares) the mode of doing it. No fale pending cads. Form of transfer of (hares. Clerk to be appointed j his duty. Penalty, for de-fault therein, 5I. Rates to be taken tor goods navigated on the canal, Sec.

If rates not paid on demand, proprietors m/y fue for the fame, or diftrain the veflel. See. Additional tonnage for goods left dn company’s wharf above *4 hours. Exemptions from rates in certain cafes. Perfons carry, ing paving-ftoacst &c. may make ufe of towing-path?, See. Proprietors

sSi;

Oi

may

\

Digitized by

Anno dcckno facto Georgii HI. c. 281.

may alter rates from time to time. Mo redu&ion to be made, without the approbation of a majority at a general meeting. Three-pence to be taken f6r every ton of coals which mail have parted through any of the locks on the intended Dudley canal. A duty of id. per ton per mSIf* may be laid upon all coals that (hall be navigated upon the Staifordfliire canal navigation. Proprietors of Staffordlhire canal impowered to reduce their tolls, and to raiie them again. At what places the aforefaid toll of a d. per ton on coals, on the Staffordlhire canal, is to continence. Matter* of boats, See. to give an account in writing to the colle&ors, of goods on board. Penalty on default. How many feet of timber to be deemed a ton, &c. Collt&ors may weigh or meafure goods. Charges of weighing. See. how to be paid. Navigation to be free on payment of tolls. Mo boat under 15 tons to pafs through any lock, Sec. , Owners of adjoining lands may ufe pleafure-boats. Drains, ore. to be made for the benefit of lands adjoining, and kept in repair by the proprietors. Towing-paths to be fenced from the adjoining lands. Gates, bridges, Sec. to be ere&ed. If

Jproprietors negieft to feparate towing-paths, &c. Occupiers of adjacent anas m&y do it, who (hall be reimburfed by the proprietors. In default of payment, to be levied by diftrefs. In cafe the company neglect to re-

§air rails, hedges. Sec. occupiers of lands may do it. Coals, Scc. found in igging the canal, may be taken by proprietors of lands. Proprietors of mines, Scc. may make drains to carry water from the fame, Sec, Mines not 'to be worked within n yards of canal. Method of getting coal. Sec, under canal. Method of difeovering when mines are working under or near the canal. How proprietors to proceed in fuch cafes. Company to infpeft coal mines. Sec. On failure whereof,, owners may work the famcj or the company fhall make them fatisfa&ion. Difputes to be fettled by the commiffioners, Sec. Owners of mines may make cuts through tbetr own grounds. Owners of mines impowered to make rail-ways. Sec. If < parties cannot agree, may apply to the commiffioners, who are to view the place, and fettle the differences, Sec. Proprietors may ere& a towing-bridge over the Staffordfhire canal $ making latiifaftion for damages, Lowermoft lock on canal, not to be of iefs fall than 10 feet. Canal, be-tween Stourbridge and Bell’s Mill, to be on a level. Time limited for finifhing certain parts of canal, Sec. Owners of adjoining lands may ereft bridges, &c. at their own charge. Company reftrained from erecting or taking down certain buildings, dec. or cutting down timber, 5cc. fexcept as excepted.) Proprietors impowered to take down certain (hops, etc. belonging to the earl of Stamford. If parties cannot agree, difference to be fettled oy commiffioners, &c. Company not to take down certain hoofes, without content of owners, dec. Land-ownrrs, may ereft warehoutes, &c. on their own lands, &c. If land-owners negleft to build, See. after twelve months notice, proprietors may do it, making fatisfa&ion to the owners. Proprietors not to make i^ads over lands of the earl of Stamford, Sec. without their content, nor to leave goods on their wharfs, longer than 6 days, &c. Rates for wharfage to be paid to land-owners. Company of proprietors may ere£ cranes, Scc. on wharfs, if owners negleft. Weight of the lading of veflels to be marked on each fide, and names of the owners, &c. on penalty of 40 s. Boats, &c. to be meafured: Penalty, on yefufal, 40 s. Boatiuaiter or owner made anfwerable for damages done by the crew. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in. Penalty on placing vertels fo as to obftrutt the navigation, &c. Veflels funk to be weighed. Perfons floating timber on the canal, or over-loading veflels, •r throwing gravel, Sec. into canal, to forfeit, 51. Regulations for veflels parting the locks. Penalty of 40 s. for each offence. Canal not to be under the power of commiflioners of fewers. If company negledt to pay annual rents. Sec. Commiflioners may appoint *a perfon to receive the rates, and pay the feme. Sec. Refervation of rights of lords of manors, See. relating to mines, Sec. Company not to ere£t warehoutes, dec. without content of land-owners. Refervation of exclufive rights of filhfry, be. Care being taken not to injure canal, towing-paths, See. Unqualified per-fons not to carry any gun, fifhing-net, Sec. on board any veffei, on penalty of 5I. for each offence. When commiffioners die, or refute to aft, new taes to be chofcn. Joftices at. quarter ftffioiu impowered to nominate

com-

Digitized by L 3Qle

i?7«] Anno derimo fexto Georqii in. <c. 29.	*&g.

commiflioncw in certain cafes. Qualification of comraidioncrs. Any per-fonafting, not qualified, to forfeit 50). Commifftoners to give 14 days notice of their meetings. CominifBoners to be fwom. Their oath. Com-nifikmers may a ft as Juft ices No commaffioner to aft as fuch while ho poflefies any place of profit, &c. Five commiffioners, on requed of proprietors, See. may appoint a general meeting of commHlioners. Power to bold fpecial meetings for afeertaining damages. No meeting to be held, but within two miles of the canal, £c. The right, &c. to lands, in cafe navigation not completed, See. to be re-conveyed to original owners. In cafe of difpate, jury to award the confidcration-money, &c. Subfceibero who negleft to pay their fubferiptions, may be compelled, &c. Ex pence* of this aft how to be paid. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without damps. Proceedings not to be / qaaflied for want of form, See. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful foe want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the felfions. limibtiot of aftions. General iflue. Double cods. . Publick aft.

CAP. XXIX.

Ac off for vejling in John Liardet, clerk, bis executors, admtmfira-tors, and affignsthe foie ufo and property of a certain eompofitlm nr cement of his invention, throughout his Majtftfs kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, fa <* limited time.

WHEREAS his moft excellent majejly King George the Preamble* Third, by his letters patent under the great fieal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weft minder the third day of Apnl, which was in the thirteenth year of bis reign, did give and grant unto John Liardet, of Great Suffolk-ftreet, in the parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county 0/Middlefex, clerk, bis executors* admini-Jlrators, and affigns, his foie privilege and authority to make, ufo, exercifo, and vend, a certain.compofition or cement, fa all the branches concerning buildings to which the fame was applicable, within that part of Great Bntian called England, bis dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in any of his Majejly's colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, unlefs the term granted by the/aid letters patent be prolonged, and the property of the Jaid John Liardet in the fold invention better fecured, not only within that part of Great Britain* called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majejly's colonies and plantations abroad, but alfo within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it wilt neither be pojfibli for the fold John Liardet to receive an adequate retompence for his labour, ex-pence, and time, nor for the publick at large to reap the various advantages in point of utility and oeconomy, as well as ornament in building, which would arife from this invention were its ufo univerfolly dffiufed, and its price lowered, upon which the demand, and confe-qutntly the profits of the proprietor mujl depend: and whereas the cement from its nature grows too hard for ufo if not ufed foon after it is made, and therefore mujl be made where ufed, or near it, from which citcumfiance the ufo thereof has hitherto been confined to the metropolis and a few miles about it, as training workmen and eridling works is difficult and expenfive: and whereas,. if the term is not enlarged, the fame narrow plan mujl be continued, a general plan of

O 3	erea-

Digitized by LnOOQle

184

The foie pri vilege of mak ing and vend ing the cement vefted in John Liardet, his executors, &c. for eighteen years.

Penalty on

Other perfons making cement without licence, etc.

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c.29. [1776.

ere flirt? vdorks and training men all over the kingdom, which is necef-fary if the ufe of the cement is to be univerfal, cannot upon fo /hort a profpefl be undertaken, the circle cannot be enlarged, and the price mufi continue fuch as may indemnify the proprietor for his expence, out of the profits arifing from a very fmall conjumption only, during bis prefent term: to the end therefore that thefaid John Liardet maybe enabled and encouraged to profecute and compleat bis faid invention, fo that the publick may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullefi extent, may it pleafe your Majefty (at the humble petition of the faid John Liardet) that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the au-thority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this * the foie privilege and advantage of making, ufing, exercifing, ’ and vending^ the faid compofition, or cement mentioned in the faid letters patent, with the additions and improvements fince made therein, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and his Ma-‘ jelly's colonies and plantations abroad, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be, vefted in the faid John Liardet, Jiis executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, for and during the term of eighteen years from thenceforth next enfuing, and fully to be compleat and ended; and that he the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, and every of them, by himfelf and themfelves, or by his or thpir deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or lhch others as he, the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, (hall at any 'time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein-before Uft mentioned, lhall, and lawfully may, make, ufe, exercife, and vend, the faid compoli-tion or cement herein-before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majefty’s colonies and plantations abroad, in fuch manner as to him the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, or any of them, fhall in his or their diferetion feem meet; and that the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, and every of them, lhall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coping, growing, accruing, and arifing, by reafon of the, faid invention, for and during the faid term of eighteen years herein-before mentioned, to have, hold, exercife, and enjoy, the faid privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the laid John Liardet, his executors, adtpiniftrators, and aftigns; for and during and unto the full end and term of eighteen years as afore-faid; and that no cither perfon or perfons, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations abroad, (hall at any time, during the faid term of eighteen years, either directly or indirectly, make, ufe, or put in practice, the faid invention, or any part of -the fame, nor in anywife counterfeit, imitate, or refemblc the fame, nor lhall make, or i'	’	'	'	r	... caufe

Digitized by

1776.] Anno decimQ fextd Georgii III. c.29.	i8f

caufe to be made, any addition thereunto or fubftraftion from the fame, whereby to pretend himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, the inventor or inventors, devifor or deviTors thereof, without the licence, confcnt? or agreement, of the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, in writing under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals firft had and obtained in that behalf, upon fuch pains and penalties as can or may be juftly inflicted on fuch offender or offenders for his, her, or their contempt of this a#, and further to' be anfwerable to the faid John Liardety his executors, adminiftrators, and afllgns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occationed.

II.	And whereas the faid John Liardet has hitherto furnifhed the fend cement at the rate of fixpence per foot fquare on the furfaces of all plain buildings, and two-pence per foot running meafure for arrifes\ to the end therefore that the publick may be affiired of the advantage of this invention at the fame price during the continuance of tkL aft,

be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall John Liardet not be lawful for the faid John Liardet, his executors, admini- not t0 k\\ hi*, ftrators, or affigns, during the continuance of this aft, to a(k, th^ceitaTa^ demand, or take, any greater price than fixpence by the foot prices men-fquare, and two pence per foot as aforefaid for arrifes, for cover- tioned. any plain work with the aforefaid cement or compofition.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Thit aft not in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to t0 binder the prejudice or hinder any perfon or perfons from making or ufing ^poStion any compofition or cement, or any thing relating thereto, for which is not the purpofes aforefaid,-or for any other purpofe, which is or arc the invention not at prefent of the invention or application of the faid John John Liar* Liardety or which has or have been publickly ufed or exercifed dcr*ctc*

by any other perfon or perfons before the date of the faid letters patent herein-before recited; but that all fuch* compofition or cement, and every thing relating thereto, which is or are not at prefent of the invention of the faid John Liardety or is or are not particulirly afeertained and deferibed in the inftrument or fpecification herein-after mentioned, (hall be and remain to the publick, and to the refpeftive inventor or inventors thereof, in like manner as if this aft had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitfiftanding.

IV.	And be it hereby declared and enafted. That every ob-jeftion which might have been made to the faid cement's not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an aft of the twenty-firft of James the Firft, fufficient to invalidate letters patenr, may be made in bar to any aftion brought by virtue or in eonfequence of this aft.

V.	Provided always, That if the faid John Liardety his cxe- If John Liar-cutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or any perfon or perfons who der, etc.* AaJl (hall, at any time during the faid term of eighteen years, have p^vije^^f or claim any right, title, or intereft, in law or equity, of, in, or making cc-to, the power, privilege, or authority, of the foie making, ufing, mem to more exercifing, and vending, the faid compofition or cement, (hall *han 5 Pcr-prafce any transfer or alignment, or pretended transfer or affign- Ctc*

O4.	tnent.

x8 6

Anno decitno fexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1776,

tnent, of the faid liberty or privilege hereby vefted in die faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, or any mare or (hares of the benefit or profits thereof, or (hall declare any trufts thereof to or for any number of perfons exceeding tbe number of five; or (hall open, or caufe to be opened, any book or books for publick fubfcriptions to be made by any number of perfons exceeding the number of five, in order to the railing of any fum or fums of money under pretence of carrying on the faid liberty or privilege hereby vefted in the (aid John Liardet^ his executors, adminiftrator9, or aftigns; or (half, by him or themfelves, or his or their agents or fervants, receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever, of any number of perfons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for fuch or the like intents or purpofes; or (hall prefume to ad as a corporate body, or (hall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby vefted in the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, into any number of (hares exceeding the number of five ; or or (hall do any (hall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any thirS to tiie niattcr» or thing whatfoever, during fuch time as fuch per-icoted ad of f°n or Pcrf°ns (hall have any right or title either in law or 6 Geo. i* equity, which (hall be contrary to the true intent and meaoing of an ad of parliament, made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Fir ft, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring certain powers and privileges, intended to be granted by his Majejiy by two charters^ for affurance of Jhips and merchandizes at fici and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable praftices therein mentioned ;) or in cafe the faid power, privilege, or authority, (hall at any time become vefted in, or in truft for, more than the number of five perfons or their reprefentatives at any one time, otherwife than by devife or fucceflion, (reckoning executors and adminiftrators as and for the Angle perfons whom they repre-fent, as to fuch intereft as they are or (hall be intitled to in right this ad of fuch their teftator or inteftate) that then, and in every of the to become faid cafes, all liberties and advantages whatfoever, hereby vefted vold*	in the faid John Liardet, his executors, adminiftrators, and

aftigns, (hall utterly ceafe, determine, and become void, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anyT wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded and declared by Jcbn Liardet, the authority aforefaid, That if the faid John Liardet, his exe-iTieeficabon * cutors’ adminiftrators, or aftigns, or feme or one of them, (hall ofTh/nature tlot particularly deferibe and afeertain the nature of his faid in-ot his inven- vention in its prefent improved ftate, and in what manner the tion to be in. fame is to be performed, by an inftrument in' writing under his rolledinChan- han(i and fca|# an(j Caufe the fame to be inrolled in the high 4. nv>nth$),n COUTt of Chancery, within four calendar months after the pafting or to loft ’/ e	ad	;	that	then,	al]	the	liberties,	powers,	privileges,	and

benetu ot ims advantages, hereby vefted in the faid John Liardet, his execu-*tt.	tors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, lhall ccafe, deter m.nc, and be

antj

Digitized by v^ooQle

1776.3 Anno decimo fexto Georgii JII. c. 30.	187

and become abfojutely voi4> any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That this alt (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a pub- Poblick aft. lick ad $ and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXX.

4* 00 mere effectually to prevent the fleeting of deer, and to repeal feveral former flatutes made for the like purpofe.

WHEREAS the flatutes now in font for difeovery and puniflment of deer flealers are numerous, and many of them ineffectual: and whereas the good purpofes thereby intended might be better effected, iffuch of the /aid flatutes as are found to be defective were repeated, and fluh good proviflons as are therein contained, together with Jucb further proviflons as may be expedient, were reduced inU one aft 1 be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent jnajeily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon Preamble, pr perfons (hajl coqrfe or hunt, or (hall take in any flip, noofe, Penalty on toyle, or fnare, or (hall kill, wound, or deftroy, or (hall (hoot ^ar|j°JJ^ho at, or otherwife attempt to kill, wound, or deftroy, or (hall carry away, any red or fallow deer, in any foreft, chafe, purlieu, or or Jhoot at/ ancient walk, whether inclofed dr not, or in any inclofed park, etc. any fal-paddock, wood, or other inclofed ground, where deer are, have	deer, iin

been, or (hall be uftjally kept, without the confent of the owner, pjfc^c/ or without being otherwife duly authorifed, or (hall be aiding, without being abetting, or aflifling therein or thereunto, every perfon fo of-duly autho-fending, by courfing, hunting, (hooting at, or otherwife at- ”***• tempting to kill, wound, or deftroy, or by aiding therein or fhereunto, (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds; and every perfon fo offending by killing, wounding, or deftroying, or by taking in any flip, noofe, toyle, or fnare, or by carrying away, or by aiding therein refpedively, (hall, for every deer fo wounded, killed, deftroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds; and if the offender in	'

any of the cafes aforefaid (hall be a keeper of, or perfon in any manner entrufted with the cuftody or care of deer, in the foreft, chafe, purlieu, ancient walk, or inclofed park, paddock, or wood, or other inclofed place, where the offence (hall be committed, every fuch offender (hall forfeit and pay double the penalry hereip-before appointed to be paid by other offenders; , and if any perfon or perfons, after having been convided of any pf the aforefaid offences, (hall offend a fecond time againft this ad, by committing any of the aforefaid offences, fuch fecond pffence, whether it be the fame as the firft offence, or be any pther of the aforefaid offences, (hall be deemed and adjudged to l>c felony, and thp perfon guilty thereof, being lawfully convid-

Digitized by v^ooQle



i«S

Perfon s coft-viCted under former a&s, ftill liable to penalties, etc.

How juftices to proceed on conviction of offenders.

Juflices may grant warrants to fearch fufpeCted houfes, Sec. tor heads and (kins of deer, &c.

Penalty on ;»cr(ons in u hole cuftody any fuch (hall jbjs found. See.

Anno decimo fexto GtEorgii IJI. c. 30.	[1776.

rf upon indictment, (hall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s plantations in America for the fpace of feven years.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That every perfon who hath been, or, before the commencement of this aCt, (hall be, convicted under any ftatute now in force, for unlawfully hunting, courting, killing, taking, or carrying away, any deer out of any foreft, chafe, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or jnclofed ground, (hall be.fuhjeCt and liable to the feveral pains and penalties by fuch ftatute provided, in like manner as if this a$ had not been made; and in cafe any fuch offender (hall, after the commencement of this aCt, be guilty and convicted of any of the aforefaid offences againft this aCt, (the legal proof of fuch firft or former conviction having been firft made,) every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and adjudged to have committed a fecond offence againft this aCt, in like manner as if this aCt had been in force at the time of fuch firft conviction, and as if fuch conviction had been made under the provifions of this aCt.

III.	And, to the intent that the profecution of perfons who /ball offend a fecond time in. manner aforefaid, may be carried on with as tittle expente and trouble as is pofftble, be it further enaCted, That the juftice beforelwhom any perfon (hall, after the commencement of this aCt, be convicted for the firft time of any of the offences before deferibed, (hall tranfmit fuch conviction, under his hand and feal, to the quarter feflion which next after fuch conviction (hall be holden For the county* riding* divifion, city, town, or place, wherein fuch firft offence (hall be committed, there to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and to be kept amongft the records of the peace; and fuch conviction fo filed, or a true cdpy thereof certified and fubferibed by fuch clerk of the peace, (hall be fufficient evidence to prove the conviction of fuch firft offence as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for any one juftice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on oath by any credible perfon, that there is reafon to fufpeCt any perfon or perfons of having in his, her, or their cuftody or poflef-fion, or in any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, yard, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, which (hall have been unlawfully killed* or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any flip, noofe, toyle, fnare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch perfon and per-fons, and fuch dwelling-houfe, out hoi;fe, garden, or place, to be fearched; and if any red or fallow deer, fufpeCted to have been unlawfully killed, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any flip, noofe, toyle, fnare, or other engine, fufpeCted to be ufed for the unlawful taking or killing of deer, (hall be found in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, or in fuch dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, garden, or place, to caufe the fiine and fuck perfon or perfons fo having pofleflion, or in whofe dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, garden, or other place, the fame (hall be found, to <be brought before any juftice of the peace having

'	p	^urif-

Digitized by Google

177^3 Anno decimo fexto Georgii HI. c.30:	189

jurifdidtion; and if fuch pcrfon or perfons (hall not produce before fuch juftice the party of whom he, (he, or they received the fame, or fatisfy fuch juftice that he, (he, or they came lawfully by fuch deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or bad a lawful occafion for fuch flip, noofe, toyle, fnare, or other engine, or did not keep the fame for any unlawful purpofe, then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit any (um not exceeding thirty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds, at the difcretion of fuch juftice.

V.	And be it further enadted, That if any red or fallow deer. In cafe the (aid fufpedted to have been unlawfully killed, or the head, (kin, or Pcrf°™ can“ other part of fuch deer, (hall, on a fearch under a warrant fropi £0* any juftice of the peace, be found in the pofleflion or cuftody of juftice* are any perfon or perfons, or in any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, to proceed, garden, or other place, or (hall be proved to have been in the pofleflion, houfe, out-houfe, garden, or place, of any perfon or perfons who may be juftly fufpedted to have come difboneftly or unlawfully by the fame as aforefaid 5 and fuch perfon or perfons lb in pofleflion, or the owner or occupier of fuch dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, garden, or other place, (hall nor, under thp provifions aforefaid, be liable to convidtion; then, and in every fuch cafe, for the difcovery of the party or parties who actually killed or Hole fuch deer, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace having jurifdidtion as the evidence given and the circumftances of the cafe (hall require, to fummon before him, at his difcretion, every perfon through whofe hands fuch deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof fo found, (hall appear to have pafled5 and if the perfon and perfons from whom fuch deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, (hall appear to have been firft received, or who having had pofleflion thereof,

(hall not give proof, to the (atisfadtion of fuch juftice, that he,

(he, or they came lawfully by the fame, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, on every convidtion, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding thirty pounds, nor lefs than teij pounds, at the diforetion of Inch juftice.

VL And be it further enadted, That in cafe it (hall appear, Sufpefled per-on the oath of a credible witnefs, that any perfpn or perfons f°ni baling hath or have had in his, her, or their pofleflion, houfe, ^cin their houfe, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, or the (kin, pofleflion, * head, or other part thereof, and (hall be reafonably fufpedted to how 10 be have come difltioneftly or unlawfully thereby, then, and in every proceeded fuch cafe, every fuch perfon or perfons, and all other perfons through whofe hands the fame (hall appear to have pafled under the like fufpicion, (hall and may be proceeded againft in like manner and form, and on conviction (hall be fubjedt and liable to the fame penalty or penalties, as if fuch deer, or the head,

(kin, or other part thereof, had been found in the pofleflion, fioufe, out-houfe, garden, or place, of fuch perfon of perfons, upon a fearch made under and by virtue of any fuch warrant 3$ aforefaid.

yXlf And be it further enadted, That in cafe any perfon or

............t...................'	  P*-

Digitized by

Google

d

»9°

Penalty on perfons fet-nng nets* wires. See. for taking -deer, in any foreit, chace, dec.

Penalty on perfons pulling down pales or walls, &c. of any fore ft, park, See. ,

Penalty on perfons car-rving firearms, into any toreft, park, &c. w»ih inrent to deltroy <lcer«

Anno decimo fexto Georg 11 III. 0.30.	[1776.

perfons (hall fet, lay, or ufe, any net, wire, flip, noofe, toyle, or other engine, for the purpofe of taking or killing deer, within or upon any foreft, chace, purlieu, or antient walk, or in the ring or outer fence or bank dividing the fame from the adjoining lands; or in any indofed park, paddock, wood, or ground, where deer are, have been, or (hall be ufually kept, fuch period or perfons, not being the owner of fuch foreft, chace, purlieu, antient walk, park, paddock, wood, or ground, or intruded with the care of the deer within the fame, and (hall be comri&ed of any of fuch offences, every fuch offender (haU forfeit and pay, for the firft offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor than five pounds; and if afterwards convided of any of the offences lad mentioned, (hall, on every convi&ion after the firft, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor Ieiii than ten pounds; which (aid refpedUve forfeitures, (hall be fet at the diferetion of the judice or judices before whom the offender or offenders (ball be convided of fuch firft or further offence.

VIII.	And be it further eroded, That if any perfon or per* fons (hall at any time wilfully pull down or deftroy, or cauie to be wilfully pulled down or deftroyed, the pale or pales, or any part of the walls of any foreft, chace, purlieu, antient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, where any red or fallow deer (hall be then kept, without the confent of the owner or perio* chiefly intruded with the cudody thereof, or being otherwife duly authorUed, every perfon fo offending (hall be fubjed unto the forfeiture and penalty hereby infixed for the firft offence of killing of any deer*

. IX. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per-Tons, carrying any gun, or other fire-arms or any (word, ftaff,

, or other offenfive weapon, (hall come into any foreft, chace, purlieu, or antient walk, or into any indofod park, paddock, wood, or into any other.ground where deer are ufually kept, bo the fame incJofcd or not inclofed, with an intent unlawfully to (hoot at, courfe, or hunt, or to take in any flip, noofe, toyle, fnare, or other engine, or to kill, wound, deftroy, or take away, any red or fallow deer, it (hall be lawful for every ranger or keeper, or perfon intruded with the care of foch deer, to ferae and take from fuch perfon and perfons, in and upon fuch foreft, chace, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, to and for the ufe of the owner thereof refpedively, all fuch guhs, fire-arms, flips, noofes, toyles, fnares, or other engines, and all dogs there brought for courting deer, in the fame and like manner as the game-keepers of manors are impowered by law within their refpedive manors, to feize and take dogs, nets, or other engines, in the cuftody of perfons not qualified by the laws to keep the feme ; and if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall there unlawfully beat or womad any ranger or keeper, or his or their fervants or affiftants, in .the execution of his or their office or offices, or lhall attempt to refeue any perfon in the lawful cuftody of any fuch ranger, Jcee^r, forvant, or afliftant,

J every

Digitized by

Google

1776J Atmo cfeciroo fexto GeorguM. c. 3a	«	191

every perfon fo offending (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and on being lawfully cohvi&ed on ind'uftment,

(hall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s plantations in America

for the fpace of feven years.	1

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That, upon complaint or in- How juftices formation upon oath, of any one or more credible witnefs or to proceed 00 wttnefles, before any one juftice of the peace having jurifdi<5tion, offences!* of any offence committed againft this a<5t, it (hall and may be

lawful to and for fuch juftice (except in fuch cafes only where the juftice is fpeciaily directed previoufty to fummon the party before hkn) to caufe the perfon or perfons, wh,o (hall be charged	,

by filch complaint or information, to be apprehended by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, and to be brought before him at fuch time and place as (hall be fpecified in and by fach warrant, and thereupon fuch juftice (hall and may proceed to hear the matter of fuch complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the fame; and in fuch cafe where it is pro* sided by this a<ft that the party complained of (hall be fummon-ed to appear, if the party fo fummoned (hall not appear according to fuch'fummons, then, upon due proof made of the fervlce filth fummons, either personally, or by leaving the fame at his dweHrng-houfe, lodgings, or other ufual place of abode, it (halt be lawful for the juftice, before whom the party was fo	*

fommoned to appear, to apprehend fuch party by warrant* and to proceed as if no previous fummons had been directed by this adt.	'

XI.	And be tt further enabled, That all the pecuniary penal - Penalties how ties of this a<ft (hall be recoverable before one or more juftice or to be reco-jnftices of the peace for the county or other divifion in which vered and the offence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the;app ie * oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or on con-

feffion of the offender; and one moiety of each penalty (hall belong to the King's majefty, his heirs and fuceeffors, and be paid, for his and their ufe, into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid juftice or juftices (hall direeft, and the other moiety thereof (hall belong and be paid to the informer or informers profeeuting for the fame; and in cafe of non-payment thereof, ff not paid With the charges incident to the convi<5tion, immediately upon onconvic-the convi<ftion, the faid penalty or penalties, and the charges in-•tdent, (hall be levied by difyrefs and fale of the goods and diitrefr* chattels of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and fcal or hands and feals of the juftice or juftices before whom fach convidfcion (hall be made; and for want of fufl&cient dlftrefs, the offender or offenders, except in fuch cafes only where it is otherwife provided by this a<ft, (hall be fent by^the faid juftice orjuftices to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence (hall be committed for the fpace of one whole year, without bail or mainprize, unlefs the faid penalty, and charges incident, (hall be foorter paid.

XII.	And,, to the end that perfons, convicted of any of the offences for which pecuniary penalties are infixed by this may not. by

fight

Digitized by

Google

Juft ices may order offend-

fies are not immediately

pai*.

Provifo.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	[1776*

flight or removal after conviction, evade imprijonment where fuch penalties Jball not be paid on convictions and fufficient dijlrefs cannot be found for raiftng fucb penalties, be it farther ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace, before ers mto cufto- whoSj_ai^ Offender (hall be convi&ed of having incurred any y, u pena - p^^jjj.y penalty of this a6f, immediately after fuch'convi&ion* to order him or her into cuftody, in cafe he or (lie (hall not immediately pay the penalty due on fuch convf&ion, during fuch time, not exceeding three days, as fuch juftfce or juftices (hall think proper to allow for return of the warrant for railing the penalty by diftrefs and fale as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided always, That if it (hall appear to the fatis-fadion of fuch juftice or juftices, either by the confeflion of the party convi&ed, of otherwife, that fuch party hath not goods or chattels fufficient whereon to levy the penalty or penalties lo. due, then, and in fuch cafe, the fa;d juftice or juftices (hall and may, without iffuing any warrant of diftrefs, proceed to commit ,the party fo convi&ed, as if a warrant of diftrefs had been ifliied, and a nulla bona returned thereon.

Regulation* XIV. Provided alfo, That if any perfon, committed for any for juftices	firft offence againft this a£t, (hall, before his commitment to

where fecurity	prifon, procure fecurity to be given by two fufficient fureties, to

is given, the fatisfa&ion of the juftice or juftices before whom he (hall be fo convi&ed, for payment of the penalty or penalties incurred, with the charges incident, within fix days, inclufive of the day of copvi&ion, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fucb juftice or juftices to accept fuch fecurity, and upon non-payment thereof at the time to be ftipulated for that purpofe, to caufethe party convicted, and his faid fureties, to be aprehended by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence was committed, for fuch fpace of time as the party convi&ed was fubjedt ahd liable to have been imprifoned in cafe no fuch fecurity had been given, unlefs the penalty or charges (hall be foonerpaid.

Keeper of any XV. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be law-forett, park, • ful for any keeper or under-keeper of any foreft, chace, purlieu, &c. may ap- ancient walk, paddock, park, or other ground inclofed, where deer are, have been, or (hall be ufually kept, and their fervants oraffiftants, to feize and apprehend, upon the fpot, any perfon or perfons whom they (hall difeover in the adtual fad of hunting, courfing, killing, wounding, (hooting at, taking, deftroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer from any fuch foreft, chace, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclofed or not, or in any inclofed park, paddock, wood, or in any other inclofed ground, or attempting fo to do, or in fetting or laying any net* wire, flip, noofe, toyle, fnare, or other engine therein, for the taking, killing, or deftroying of deer therein, and to carry fuch offender or offenders before fome neighbouring juftice of the peace having jurifdi&ion, to-be dealt with according to law. XVI. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any offender for

his

prebend per-lons hunting, &c. of deer, or laying any net, Scc. therein.

Digitized by Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Geor6ii III. c. 30.	19	j

his firft offence againft this aft, (hall, for want of a fufficient In what cafes

diftrefs, be committed to gaol, and (hall, whilft in gaol, obtain

the confent in writing of the profecutor, and alfo of the ownft, ettI

ranger, forefter, keeper, or other perfon chiefly intruded with the larged.

care of the deer in the foreft, chace, purlieu, ancient walk, park,

park, paddock, or place, wherein the offencewas committed, for

his enlargement; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and

may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace having jurif-

diftion, at their quarter or general feflions, to caufe fuch offender

to be brought before them, and thereupon by their order to direft

the keeper of fuch goal to fet fuch offender at liberty ; and the,

laid keeper is hereby direfted to obey fuch order accordingly, any

thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. •

XVII.	Andy for the bitter difcovery of offenders againft this aCf9

be it further enafted, That any perfon who (hall offend againft Any offemfet this aft, and (hall make difcovery of any other perfon or perfons making dif-who bath or have offended againft the fame, fo as he, (he, or they, be duly convifted of fuch offence according to this aft; pcna}^ then, apd in fuch cafe, fuch difcoverer (hall be difcharged of all F the forfeitures and penalties of this aft, by him, her, or them incurred previous to fuch difcovery., % v

XVIII.	Andy in order to prevent the quajhing of convictions of offenders ogainft this aB for want of fornty be it further enafted,

That the conviftion and conviftions of all and every offenders Howjufticetto againft this aft (hall be certified by the juftice or juftices of the convlaionof peace before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next general offenders* quarter feflions of the peace, to be filed amongft the records of the (aid feflions5 and that fuch conviftion (hall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words, as the cafe (hall happen, or in any other form of words to the like effeft ; that is to fay, (to wit,)

BE it rememberedy That on the	day of	Form of con.

in the year	vi&ioi*.

A* B. was, upon the complaint of C. D. convicted before of the juftices of the peace for

in purjuance of an aCt pajfed in the year of the reign of his majefiy King George the Tbirdy for	(as	the c$fe (hall be).

Given under	hand	and	feal\	the	day and year above

written.

/

Which faid conviftion (hall be good and effeftual in law to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be quaftied^ fet afide, or adjudged void or infufficiem, for want of any form or words whatsoever*

XIX.	And be it further enafted, TTiat^no Certiorari (hall be pn wbat con-allowed to remove any conviftion made, or other proceedings, ditions Crr/#s* of, for, or concerning any matter or thing in this aft, unlefs the	*	"

parry of parties convifted (hall, before the allowance of fuch Certiorari, become bound to the perfon or perfons. profecuttng

in



Digitized by Goo< e

f 94	Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 30. [ 1776.

in the fum of one hundred pounds, with fufficient fureties as the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the offender was convided, with condition to pay unto the faid profecutors, with-, in thirty days after fuch convidion confirmed, on a Procedendo granted, their full cofts and damages, to be afeertained upon their oaths ; and (hall become alfo bound to the juftice or ju-ftices of the peace before whom fuch, convidion was made, with fuch fufficient fureties as fuch juftice or juftices (hall approve of, in the penalty of fixty pounds for each offence, with condition to profecute fuch writ of Certiorari with effed, and to pay fuch juftice or juftices the forfeitures due by fuch convidion, to be diftributed as by this ad is direded, or to render the per* fon or perfons convided to fuch juftice or juftices, within thirty days next after fuch convidion (hall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted ; and that in default thereof, it (hall be lawful to proceed to the levying of the penalty mentioned in fuch con* vidion, in fuch manner as if no fuch Certiorari had been a-„	,	warded.

to ceeTaf-	^nd	bc	lt ^urther ena&ed, That, after the confirmation

ter^onfirma-* anY convidion or convidions upon this ad, by any of the tion of con- fuperior courts at Weliminjier% and delivering the rule to the ftid vi&iont. juftice or juftices, wnereby fuch convidion or convidions hath or have been fo confirmed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to proceed againft the party or parties convided, in the fame manner a6 if a Procedendo had been granted.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and Perfons ag- enaded, That if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, grieved may her, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement or deterroi* quarte/fc?6 nat*on anY juftlce or juftices of the peace, upon convidion fcooss	of or for .any of the offences in this ad, and (hall not have

fought his remedy by removing the matter by Certiorari, as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal from the judgement of the faid juftice or juftices, to the general or quarter fef-fions of the peace, to be held for the faid county, divifion, or place, where fuch perfon or perfons was or were convided, next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of fuch convidion $ but the perfon or perfons fo appealing (hall, and he, (he, and they, are hereby required and direded to give at lead fix days notice in writing to the profecutor or prolecutois of fuch perfon.or perfons as (hall fo appeal, of fuch his, her, or their intention of bringing and profecuting fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, and (hall enter into recognizance before feme juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, divifion, or place, wherein the convidion or judgment was made or given with two fufficient fureties, to be approved by the faid juftice or juftices, on convidion to appear and try fuch appeal at the general or quarter fefiion which fhall be held in and for the county, divifion, or place, wherein fuch convidion or judgement was made or given, next and immediately after the expiration of ten days from the time of fuch convidion, and to abide by the order or determination of fuck court, and for payment of fuch cofts and charges as

Digitized by v^ooQle

\

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	195

(hall be awarded at the faid court; and every fuch appeal and whofedeter-appeals (hall, by the court at the faid general or quarter feffions, to which fuch appeal or appeals is or are made, be then examined, >e na ' and the facts and circumftances of the cafe fully inquired into, and the matter then finally heard and determined; and in cafe fuofc judgment, determination, or conviction, as aforefaid, fhall be then and there affirmed, the party appealing (hall pay unto the profecutor or profecutors, his, her, or their full cofts, to be af-certained by order of the faid court of general or quarter feffions.

XXII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any perfon or perfons, Perfons hava thinking him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, as aforefaid, (hall »ng pa»d t.'ie have paid the penalty inflicted by this act for the offence 0f pe^a-ty, or which he, (he, or they fhall have been convicted, or (hall be then imprifoned; every fuch perfon or perfons having fo paid, or appeal, &c. being fo imprifoned, may appeal to fuch judgment, order, determination, or conviction as aforefaid, on entering into recognizance by himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves only, and without any

furety or fureties, conditioned as before mentioned, the faid penalty remaining in the hands of fuch juftice or jullices, or fuch perfon or perfons continuing in prifon in the mean time, and until the merits of the faid appeal fhall be heard and finally determined .

XXIII.	Provided alfo. That no fuch. conviction made, or Proceedings judgment given as aforefaid, fhall be fet afide by the faid court not *0 be

or general or quarter feffions, for want of form, or for want °f want*of form dating, or through the miftating of any facts, circumftances, or	,	*

matter whatsoever, in cafe the facts aliedged in the faid conviction, or on which the fame (hall be grounded,* fhall be proved to the fatisraction bf the faid cot^rt; but fuch appeal and appeals fhall be decided on the merits of the cafe only; nor (hall fuch conviction or judgment be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Maje(ty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That if any perfon Defendants or perfons'(hall be fued or profecuted for any matter or thing may plead rhe which he or they (hall do in ptirfuance of this act, it (hall arid gcn,

may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo fued or profecuted to plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if a verdict fhall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff fhall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance; or if upon a demurrer judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant fhall have and recover his treble cofts, and have Treble cofts. the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath in any other cafe by law.

XXV/And be it further enacted, That every profecution for profecutions any offence againft this act, (hall be commenced within twelve under this a& calendar months, but not after, from the time of the offence tobe£?m' committed; and that fuch perfons as fhall be profecuted under this act for any of the offences aforefaid, (hall not be liable to Vqi,. XXXI.	P	’ pro-.

A

196

Limitation of actions.

Commencement of this

ad.

Parts of various ftatutes repealed:

13 Ric. a.

19 Hen. 7«

5 Eliz#

3 I*c- *• 7Jac. *.

>3 Car. a*

3 & 4 Gul. & Mar.

I Geo. i.

no Geo. z.

Anna decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	[	1776,

profecution for the fame offences under any other ad of parliament, or in any court of attachment, fwainmote, eyre, or any foreft court.

XXVI. And be it further enaded/That all adions, writs, and profecutions, to be Commenced againfl any perfon or per-fons for any thing to be done under or in purfuance of this t&, (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fad was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fad committed, and not otherwife.

XXVII. And be it further cnaded. That this ad (hall commence and begin to be in force on the tenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix: and from and immediately after the commencement thereof, fo much of the thirteenth chapter of the firft part of the ftatutes made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Richard the Second, as inflids a penalty on thofe who (hall ufe heys, nets, or other engines, for deftroying deer 3 fo much of the eleventh chapter of the ftatutes made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, as relates to deer; and alfo fo much of an ad, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft for punijbing of unlawful taking fijh, deer, or hawks, as relates to deer; and alfo fo much of an ad, made in the third year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled. An aft Qgainjl unlawful bunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer; and alfo fo much or an ad, made in the feventh year" of the reign of the faid King James the Firft, intituled. An aft for the explanation of one Jtatute made in the fecond fejjton ofthis pre* fent parliament, intituled. An ad againft unlawful hunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer, except fuch part thereof as repeals any part of the ftatutes of the third of James before-mentioned; xand alfo an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An a ft to prevent the unlawful courfwg, hunting, or killing of deer; as alfo an ad, made in the third and fourth years of the feign of their late majefties King IVUliam and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft far the more effectual difeovery and punijhment of deer dealers; and alfo an ad, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for making more effeftual an aft of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William Iand £)uien Mary, intituled. An ad for the more effedual difeovery and punilhment of deer dealers; and alfo fo much of an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for continuing an aft for the more ejfeftualpunijhing wicked and evil-difpofed perfms going armed in dijguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfom and properties of his Mnjejlys fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jujlice; and for the continuing two claufcs to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds, contained in an aft peffei in the fixth year of his prefent Majtflys reign; and for the more tf-fcftuai puni(bment of perfons removing any materials ufed for fecuring

imrjb

Digitized by

Google

177^*1 Anno decimo fcxto GeoRgii III., c.jr.	ijjf

marjb or fea walls or banksy and of perfons malicicujly felting on fin any mine, pit, or delph of cbal, or cannel coaly and of perfons unlaw* fully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forefts or cbacesy or beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forejlsy chacesy or parks; and for the more effectually fecuring the breed of wild fowl; as relates to the fecond conviction of any perfon or perfons for unlawfully courfing, hunting, taking in toyles, killing, wounding, or taking away, any red or fallow deef, in any open or uninclofed foreft or chace, or relates to beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forefts, chaces, or parks; lhall be, and the fame are hereby refpeCtively repealed.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That This aft not nothing contained in this aCt fhall extend to that part of Great 1° c*te"d t0 Britain called Scotland.	Scotland*

CAP. XXXI.

An at1 for fecuring a fundy belonging to certain perfons of the theatre royal Covent-garden, applicable to charitable ujes; and for other purpofes.

WHEREAS in or about the year one thoufand feven hundred Preamble^ and fixtyffivey a contribution was begun at the theatre royal Covent-garden, towards the charitable purpofe of efiablifbing a fundy for the fupport of fuch performers belonging to the f aid theatre as through agty infirmity, or accident, Jbculd be obliged to retire from the fiage ; and to the occafional relief of performers in cafe of fitknejs \ and aljo to the relief and fupport of t he widows and children of deceafed performers belonging to the faid theatre: and wbereaSy by the profits arifing from the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the fatd theatrey and otherSy and alfo by toe profits which have arifen from fome plays aCied for the increa/e of the faid fundy a capital to the amount of four thoufand three hundred poundsy or thereaboutSy is now in the bands of certain truflees applicable to the purpofes aforefaid: to the end therefore that the faid fundy and the growing produce thereof\ may be effectually fecured and duly appliedy may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the king’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletn-Hed, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after Subfcribers the palling of this a<5t, all and every the fubferibers to the faid incorporated, fund for the time being, during fuch time as he, (he, or they, refpe&ively (hall pay to the fame, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politick, in deed and in name, and (hall be called by the name of The fociety ejlablijhed for Their name, the relief of indigent perfons belonging to the theatre royal Covent- and power*, garden: and by the fame name (hall have perpetual fucceffion and a common feal \ and that they, and their fucceflors, by the fame name may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, an-fwer and be anfwered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their fucceflors, by the name afore-

P 2	faid.

A committee appointed j

make byelaws.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 31. f 1776^.

faiit, (hall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy* poffefs, and retain, for the purpofes aforefaid, all and every fuch fum and fums of money as have been paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, or (hall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purpofes hereinbefore mentioned; and that they,and their fucceffors, by the name aforefaid, (hall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchafe, take, or receive, hold, aqd enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly fum of live hundred pounds.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the pa(-fing of this a<S, Thomas Hull, George Mattocks, Thomas Baker, John Dun flail, Frederic Charles Reinhcldy Robert Benjley, Mat the w Clarke, Richard Rotten, and William Thomas Lewis, (haLI be, and they are hereby appointed, a committee for managing the faid fund, until the thirty-firft day of December, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix:

who may alter and that the l aid committee and their fucceflors, to be eleded m the common manner herein-after mentioned, or the majority of fuch commit-fcal, &c. tee for the tjmc being, (hall have full power and authority, from time to time, to difpofe of the faid common feal, and to alter or make new the fame, and to dired the ufe and application thereof; and to make, ordain, and conftitute, fuch and fo many byelaws, conftitutions, orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, (hall feem neceffary and convenient for tlie appropriation of the faid fund,or touching, or in anywife concerning the affairs and bufinefs of the faid fociety; and the fame byelaws, conftituticns, orders, and regulations, fo made, to put in ufe and enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleafure to revoke, change, and alter the fame, or any of them : which faid bye-laws, conftitutions, orders, and regulations, fo as aforefaid made, (hall be duly kept and obferved by the faid fociety, and every member thereof, provided the fame be not contrary or repugnant to the ftatutes, cuftoms, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this a6l.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid committee, or the major part of them, at a meeting affembled by virtue of this a6t, may, and are hereby impowered to appoint a treafurer or treafurers, and fuch other officers as they (hall think neceffary for the purpofes of this a (ft; and from time to time remove any fuch treafurer or other officer or officers, and appoint another or others in his or their ftead, if they the faid committee (hall think fit; and (hall, and are hereby required to take fuch fecu-rity from their treafurer or treafurers, or other officers, as (hall be adequate to the truft repofed in him or them.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid committee (hall meet together at fomc convenient place, in or near the faid theatre, on the aforefaid thirty-firft day of December^*or within ten days after, for electing a committee for the year enfuing; and that, previous to fuch election, the names of all the committee for the time being (hall be written oadiftindt pieces of paper, be-

.	ing

and appoint oflkeis.

Officers to give fecurity.

Firft ele&ion of the committee.

Digitized by

Google

1.776.] Anno decimo fcxto GeoRGH III. c. 32.	tgg

ing all of an equal fize, and rolled up in the fame manner, as near as may be, and be put into a box, or fome other convenient receptacle, and (hall be (haken together, after which fome per-fon, not intererted in fuch eleftion,- (hall draw out the names, one by one, until the number remaining in the faid box or receptacle (hall be reduced to^fix, and the fix perfons whofe names (hall fo remain (hall be fix of the committee for the enfuing year; after which the faid major part of the committee prefent lhall proceed to eleft three other perfons from amongft the fe-veral fubferibers to the faid fund, (either fuch as were or were not of the committee for the preceding year) and the three perfons fo elected, together with the fix perfons whofe names remained undrawn as aforefaid, (hall be the committee for putting this aft in execution for the year next enfuing: and the com-Eieaionstob# mittee thall alfo meet together on or before the thirty-firft day annual, of December in every fucceeding year, and eleft a committee in manner before-mentioned : and in cafe any one or more of the faid committee hereby appointed, or to be elefted in manner aforefaid, (hall die, or refufe to aft in the execution of this aft, the furviving or remaining committee-men (hall and may meet together, at fome convenient place, in or nedr the faid theatre, and the major part of fuch as (hall fo attend (hall and may eleft a committe-man in the room and (lead of each committee-man fo dying or refufing to aft as aforefaid; and every committeeman fo to be elefted, in any or either of the cafes aforefajd, (hall have the fame powers and authorities, for the purpofesof carrying this aft into execution, as the committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That at every a majority of annual eleftion of a committee for the purpofes of this aft, a committee-majority of the committee-men for the enfuing year (hall oon- men to belong fill of perfons belonging to or employed at the faid theatre. tolhc thcatre*

VI.	And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall be adjudg- pubjjck a£t ed, deemed, and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other

perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from tht Trent to the Mfcrfey, to »n*ke a navigable canal from the (aid navigation, on the fouth tide of Hirecaltle in the county of Stafford, to Frog-hall, and a rail w«y from thence to or near Caldon, in the faid county ; and to make other rail-ways.

Preamble. Aft 6 Geo. 3. recited- Aft$ 10 Geo. 3. and. 15 Geo. 3. recited Company of proprietors empowered to make a bran.h from the fouth fide Harecaltle to or near Caldon, etc. and to fupply the fame with water Proprietors may enter on lands, and lay earth, (tone, etc. Proprietors may make rail-ways, build bridges, etc. on land* adjoining; and alio maKc to ving-paths, banks, etc. for haling veflels; making fatisfaftion to the owners. Two parts to be made of the map and book of reference, which (hall be certified by the fpeakerof the houfe of commons, and then allowed to be given in evidence. Canal to be made purfuant to the plan, etc. Land-owners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obltruft the making the canals, etc. CommifiionerB appointed, who are to fettle and

P 3	determine

Anno decimo fexto Georoii III. C. 37. f 1776.

determine differences. Tonnage allowed to be taken. If dudes not paid on demand, company may Cue for the fame, or di(train the boar, etc. Company impowered to borrow 25,0001. and to aflign over the navigation as a fecurity. Form of afTignment No preference to creditor* on account of priority of alignments, Application of money borrowed. Alignments may be transferred. Interelt of money borrowed to be paid half-yearly. One half of the duties veiled in proprietors of coal-roinev, as a fecurity for 5000I. to be paid quarterly. Avfoon as the faid $oo?l with Interelt, (hall be paid, the half part of the duties to be revelled in the company, etc. Preamble; reciting a contra£fc, wherein oerrain proprietors of hmtllone quarries ag.ee to deliver to the company* yearly, bmc-ttone at the rate of yd. per ton. The above-mentioned contract ia itieJ and confirmed. A book to be provided, and entries to be made {herein of the quantities of limeftone ordered, etc. No order to beentued for lei's than 100 tons; and a depofit of id. per ton to be left with the clerk of trie faid company. Orders for limeftone may be given at other times of the year, on depofiting *d. per ton, etc. Penalty on either party making default, etc. At what times vefTels loaded with lime or limeltone may pals through the locks, etc. Occupiers of the forge or pool at Cun fall not to draw water lowef than nine inches from the top of the weir. Provifo, tor preferving the water of the river Churnett. Pow ers contained in three a&s (6,10, and 15 Geo. 3.) extended to the works to be executed by this ad; except as excepted.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a& to remove the danger of fire amongtt the fhips in the port of by preventing the landing certain commodities on the prefent quays; and for providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and do ring the fame; and for regulating the faid quay, and the lighten, boats, and other vefTels carrying goods for hire within the faid port of Briflol; and for other pnrpofts therein mentioned.

Preamble. Mafter, wardens, and commonalty, of the fociety of merchant venturers, impowered to enlarge the Floating-dock, and ro build ftore-lioufes, etc. Ground allotted for a new quay. Rules to be obferved by merchants. Timber planks, etc. not to be landed on the preient quays, after June 24,1777; on penalty of 50I. This a& not to extend to timber brought coaitwife; nor to prevent landing at private wharf*, etc. Duties ;iow payable on the importation of certain articles, etc. to continue fo on being landed at the new quay. Rates to be paid for ttoring of goods, etc. Mayor and juflices may lower the rates, etc. Tar, pitch, etc. not to he left on the quay longer than 7 days after gauging. Piece of ground to be appointed for laying up balks, malts, etc. The fociety of merchants to provide fufficient warehoufes, etc. for floring goods; or, in default thereof, to make good all damages.* Bodies politick, etc. p>fiefled of certain lands in Clifton, impowered to fell the fame. If any body politick, etc. refufe to treat, or can not produce a title to the premifes, mailer, wardens, etc. may apply to comm'ffioners herein-after named. A jury to be fum-* rooned. On negle&, etc! of commiflioners, the mailer, etc may apply to the quarter fefHons, who (hall caufe the matter in difpute to be inquired into by a jury. Jurors may be challenged, and witnefles examined on oath. Verdi6l of the jury, etc. to be final; and to be entered amongtt the records, etc. In cafe corporation omit to pay fums awarded, the fame may be levied by diflrefs, etc. Expences of a jury bow to be paid. On payment of parchafe-money by the fociety, premifes to be conveyed, etc. It parties Cannot evidence their title to the premifes, etc. or if mortgagees refufe to take in their mortgage-money, fuch purchafe money, or mortgage, to be paid into the chamber of the city of Briftol. Chamberlain to give receipts for fums received, which fhall be entered on record, and the piemifes vtfl-/cd in the fociety. Purchafe money to be placed out at intereft, etc. Mefoe profits recoverable, etc. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage-money, to convey the premifes, etc. Monty payable to bodies corporate, etc. to be reinvested in purchafe of other eftates. Contrails or agreements, already made, not invalidated by this a&. Commiffioners appointed. ‘M	Part

Digitized by v^ooQle

1776.] Anno deciino fexto Georgii III. c. 34*	*oi

Part of the parifli of Gifton exempted from the judicial jurifdiCtioit of Gloucefttrfhtre, and made partot Biftol. ThisaCt not to make any alteration in relation to taxes, etc. in Clifton. Mayor and jullices may fettle the rates of porterage, etc. All veflels kept for carrying goods tor hire, in the port of Briftol, to be regiilered. Other regulations relating \o filch veflels Quiy warden to examine all fuch veffels.etc. yearly ; and if he (hall difcover any fiaud, to pre«enf the lame, etc Penalty on quay-wardcn fm ne^lr# of duty, etc Offtn-.es agamlt tins a£t to be determined by jtittices, e’c. Pena’ties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Regulations tor unloading etc. of vefleU in the floating dock.

Penalty tor aCtmg contrary thereto. Provilo. Limitation of aCtions.

General iffuc. Treble colts. PubiickaCt.

CAP. XXXIV.

An afl far granting to bis Majejiy fevcral duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned and fcveral rates and duties upon indentures, lea fes,- bonds, and other deeds \ and upon cards, dice, and news-popers> and for raiftng the fum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with Annuities.

' Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeSls, the commons Preamble.

of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, being defirous to roije the neuffary fupplies, which we have granted to your Majejiy in this feffion of parliament, in the moft Jafe^ eafy, and expeditious manner we are able, have voluntarily refdved to give and grant unto year Majefty the Jeveral and refpeflive rates and duties herein-after exprejfedy and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That An aflditiona! an additional rate or duty of twenty (hillings per 'annum, beauty of *os. raifed, levied, collected, and paid, for and upon every coach, ^ancoachM bcHin, landau, chariot, calalh with four wheels, chaife*n»arine, berlin^etc.6*1 chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever * fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be cared or known, kept by or for any perfon for his or her own ufe, or to be let out to hire, (other than and except fuch coaches and other car- excCpt hack-mges as now are, or hereafter may be, licenfed by the commif- ney coaches, fioners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches)5 which faid yearly ad itipnal duty of twenty (hillings (hall from time to time be paid down by the perfon or persons keeping the fame, in like manner, and atihe fame time, and be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, by the fame means and methods, and under the like roles, regulations, directions, and penalties, as the annual duty of four pounds, given and granted by an aCt of parliament, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejiy Jeveral rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned ; and for raiftng the fum of one million, by way of lottery, to be (barged upon the faid rates and duties; is directed to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid.

P 4	II.	And

202	Anno	decimo	fexto'GEoftGii IIT. C. 34.	£1776.

After July 5, II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, 1776, ftage- frorn and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-a dutv of^ay ^rcc^ and feventy-fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and pcrann. e^ch. p^id, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, for and upon every coach, berim, landau, chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, that (hall be kept by or for any perfon or perfons as pufclick ifoge-coaches, employed in carrying pafTengers for hire to and'froip different places within this kingdom,(other than and except fuch coaches and o*her carriages as now are, or hereafter may be, licenfed by the. commilTioners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches) the yearly fum of five

J)ounds for every fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with bur wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, fb to be kept and employed as aforefaid ; which faid duty (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons who keeps the lame.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,.That the perfon or perfons keeping any fuch carriage or carriages, fo to be employed as ftage-coaches as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, give like notices, and make entry and payment in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, means, and methods, direftions, and penalties, as perfons keeping coaches and other carriages for their own ufe, or to let out to hire, are, by the above-recited aft, direfted to do ; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And whereas, by the Jaid recited act, it was provided, That no perfon Jhould be obliged to pay the yearly fum of Jour pounds for more than five fuch carriages, on which the duty of J cur pounds a year was thereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or for

Notice to be given, and payment -made, agree, able to aft 20 Geo. 1.

A clanfe in

faid aft, ex- ujg orjjy. further enafted and declared by the authority fons fr om^pay- aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this aft, the faid jng for more provifo, fo far as relates to the exempting fuch carriages, being than 5 cat ri- more than five in number, be, and the fame is hereby repealed ages,repealed. ancj ma<jc nuj| an(J void.

After July 5, V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, 1776, an addi- fr0m and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, la^on all in* throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe dentines, of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the rate and duty fol-bonds, etc. Jowing; (that is to lay). For every (kin, or piece of vellunvor

WeSafflSl*la’ Parchment> or ^eet or P*ece PaPer* upon which (hall be in-ftamp! gr°tfed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, for which a ftamp-duty of one (hilling is payable, by virtue of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, over and above all other rates and duties by the laid aft, or by any other a*ft of parliamdht impQfed* an additional ttamp-dpty of one dulling.

VI. And

Digitized by

1776.P Anno decimo fcxto Georgxi III. c.34."	203

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, After June 1, That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven *-776\a? addi;. hundred and Seventy-fix, theroltiall be raifed, levied, collected, ^laid^a ° and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and every pack of for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflorsj the rates and playing cards, duties following; (that is to fay). For every pack of playing‘^d#o°n cards, made fit for fale or ufe, in Great Britain, the fum of fix- dlce^mad/for pence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; and for faic/

and upon every pair of dice, made fit for fale or ufe, in Great Britain, the fum of two (hillings and fix-pence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; fuch rcfpedive duties tc/ be paid by the makers of fuch cards and dice refpedively.

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, After July 5, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven *-776|aI* addh hundred and feventy-Cx, there (hall be raifed, levied, colledfed, 0ne halfpenny and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and laid on every for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the rate and (heet or hair dpty following; (that is to fay). For and upon every news-pa- ftiect °* ncw8~ per, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occur- papcr‘ rences, printed in Great Britain, to be difperfed and made pub-

lick, whether the fame be contained in half a fheet or any lefs piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a (heet, and not exceeding one whole (heet; upon every (beet, and half (heet thereof, over and above all other rates and duties by any ad of parliament impofed, an additional duty of one halfpenny.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The du* That, for the better and more efiedual levying, collecting, and

paying, all the faid additional and new duties herein-before na^cme„t of granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and the commifii-management, of the commifiloners for the time being appoint- of ed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, rta“»p-duties. and paper,who,or the major part of them,are hereby required and impowered to employ theneceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe fuch new (lamps to be provided,.to denote the faid feveral additional duties, as (hall be requitire in that behalf ; and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this a& in execution, with relation to the faid feveral rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law, concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Commiflion-rity aforefaid,That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon ers may pro^ fuch pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of pa- v a nevV per, on which feveral duties are, by feveral ads of parliament, a'Uhefe-impofed, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commifiloners, veral duties, ipftead of the diftind (lamps directed to be provided lo denote

the feveral duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to caufe one new (lamp to be provided, to denote tjie laid feveral duties, and the duty granted by this ad, on every

piece

Digitized by

Google

After July 5, 1776, all vellum, etc. liable to the new duty, to be carried to the ftamp-office, etc before it is printed or wrote on.

To whom the duties are to be paid.

Commiflion-ers to fumUh the leveral parts of the kingdom with damped vellum, parchment, etc.

The price whereof to be fertlcd yearly, etc.

Stamps may be altered and renewed, etc.

Anno decimo fexto Gboxgii HI. 0.34^	[1776/

piece of vellum or parchment, or (heetor piece of paper, charged with the faid feveral duties.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duty of one '(hilling hereby charged, (hall, from and after the fifth day of %/y, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, before the lame (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed'upon, be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the faid cbmmiffioners, by themfelves, or by their officers employed under them, (hall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any perfon or perfons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this afl diredts, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be fo brought to them for that purpofe, the perfons fo bringing the fame, paying to the receiver-general of the ftamp-duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this adl; which (lamp or mark, to be put thereupon in purfuanceof this a6k, (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the duty hereby payable for the vellum, parchment, or paper, fo (lamped or marked.

XI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the (ame (the nece(Tary charges of raffing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpofe herein-after expreffed, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on ilamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiffioners for the time being (hall take care that the feveral parts of the kingdom of Great Britain (hall, from time to time, be fufficiently fumilhed with vellum, parchmcnr, and paper, (lamped and marked as by this adl is directed ; to the end that the fubjedts of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, may have it in their eledlion either to buy the fame or the officers and perfons to be employed by the faid commiffioners, at the ufual and moil common rates above the faid duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be (tamped and marked as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Xhat the price of fuch (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall be yearly fet, and fuch price marked, and fuch allowance made, on prefent payment of the faid duties for any quantity of the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, fo to be fold, in fuch manner as by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is directed.

XIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch (lamps as the faid commiffioners are hereby diredled

and



Digitized by uooQle

205

1776] Anno decimo fexto Georgji III, c. 34*'

and authorised to provide and ufe, (hall and may be altered and renewed, in fuch manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are by any former law, relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, direded to be altered and renewed 5 and that all perfons who (hall have in their cuflody or potfeflion, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which (hall be fo altered or renewed, or on which, being already (lamped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby direded to be imprefled, (hall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes directed.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any prrfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Any perfon counterfeited or forged, any feal, damp, or mark, to refembleco“nterfe^,n5 any leal, damp, or mark, diredted or allowed to be ufed by this a arap’e c’ or any other act of parliament, for the purpole of denoting the duties by this or any other ad of parliament granted 5 or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majedy, his heirs, and 'fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment,or felling or paper, or any cards, dice, or news-papers, liable to any damp- c^Letcf* duty, with fuch counterfeit damp or mark, knowing the fame marktd thereto be counterfeit; or (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any with, feal, d^mp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this or any other ad of parliament relating to the ftamp-dpties, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof * r lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as a fe-death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy. ^ Ion.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, didribution of pe- Powers, penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre- nalties, and fcribed or appointed by any former ad or ads of parliament re- forfeitures, of Jating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on which g to'the any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, (hall be ingrofled, duties on vel. written, or printed; or to the rates and duties on cards, dice, lum, parfch-and news-papers, and not hereby altered, (hall be of full force menr.etc.ap-and effcd with relation to the additional duties hereby impofed, j^£aW<tioi ,s and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colledine, and fccuring, the faid additional and new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, as fully, to ail intents and put pofes, as if the fame had fevcfrallv and refpcdtively been hereby enadled, with relation to the (aid additional and new rates and duties hereby impofed.

XVII.	And whereas a fraudulent praftice has prevailed of felling ■ cards that have been already ufed in play, calling the fame Jecond-hand

cards, to the great injury of the revenue, for remedy whereof, be it Any perfon further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, if any perion feUiogcardsto (hail, from and after the pafiing of this adt, fell or difpofe of any cards (by way of fecond-hand cards) in packs or parcels, after has been broke

the open,

20 6

(hall forfeit for each pack, 5

Produceof the duties to be cariied to the finking fund.

Preamble, reciting a re'o-lution of the houfe of commons.

A.1J per fans sviio have M'.adc depQliu, pul uaiu to * tile atorcltud



Anno decimo fexto Georg 11 III. c.34.	[1776.

the wrapper or cover, in which the fame have been inclofed and tied, (hail have been broke open, unlefs he or (he (hall, before fuch fale, mark the back or plain fide of every painted or pidured card, in fuch manner as to render the fame unfit to be ufed in play ; every perfon fo offending (hall, for every pack of cards fo fold, forfeit the fum of five pounds; to be recovered and diftri-buted in the manner diredfed by an adl, made^in the twenty-ninth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to bis MajeJly an additional duty on cards and dice.	t

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifing by the faid*fevera! and refpeftive rates and duties, (the neceflary charges of raifmg and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at fVejlminfier, diftinctly and apart from allother branches of the publick revenues, and (hall, for the purpofe aforefaid, be carried into, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XIX.	And whereas the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afi'embled, have refilled that, towards raifmg the fupply granted to. his MajeJly in this fijfion of parliament, the Jum of two millions Jhall be railed in manner following; (that is to Jay) the fum of one million four hundred thoufind pounds by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with an additional capital in refptfi of the fame, in manner herein-after mentioned 5 and the fum of fix hundred thoufind pounds by a lottery, attended with like annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; and that every contributor towards raifmg the Jaid fum of two millions, Jhally in refpeft of every one hundred pounds fubferibed, upon payment of fc-venty pounds to the cajhier or cajbiers of the governor and company of the bonk of England, at the times, and in the manner, herein-after mentioned, have, and be inti tied to, the principal fum offeventyfeven pounds and ten /hillings, in three pounds per centum annuities, re~ dcemable by parliament, (making together, in the whole, cue, million five hundred and fifty thoufand pounds) and, on payment of the re-maining fum of thirty pounds on every one hundred pounds fo fubfirib-ed, to three tickets in a lottery, to corfijl of fixty thoufand tickets, of the value of ten pounds each, amounting to fix hundred thoufand pounds; and that the whole of the find fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds be dijlributed into prizes, Juch prizes to be converted into like three pounds per centum annuities, as oforefiid< and whereas, purfuant to, and upon the feveral terms and conditions exprefjed in the /did re-folution, fever al perfitn have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, Jubfiribed together the whole fum of two millions, and made depojits of fifteen pounds per centum, on the refpeelive Jums by them Jubfiribed, with the cajbiers of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be it therefore enacted by the authority a to relate!, That it ill a 11 and may be lawful to and for all perfons, bodies politick or corporate, and their executors, ad-niiniftrators, fgccelTors, and ailigns, who have made fiich cj^po-fits with the caihier or calhiers of the faid governor and comply

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 34.	207

pany of the bank of England, (which cafhier or calhicrs is and refofution, are are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contri-butions, without any other warrant to be had on that behalf) to ^amde/of advance, and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and their Iubfcrip* pay, unto the faid cafhier or calhiers, of the faid governor and tions atcer-company of the bank of England\ the feveral remainders of the J?,in fums by them refpe&ively fubfcribed towards the faid fum or pcci e * two millions, at or before the refpe&ive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay) in refpedl of the faid ium of one million four hundred thousand pounds, the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; the further fum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-eighth day of Jung then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirty-firft day of July then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum% on or before the tenth day of September then next following; and the remaining fum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of October then next following: and in refpedt of the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds to be raifed by lottery, the further fum of twenty.five pounds per centum, on or before the fourteenth day of June% one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; the further fum of thirty pounds per centum^ other part thereof, on or before the tenth day of Augufl then next following; and the remaining fum of thirty pounds ter centum, on or before the third day of October then next following.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra- Contributor* tors, fucceffors, and affigns, (hall have, and be intitled to, an cnt,tled t(laa annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, up- ^™ cent per on his, her, or their part or (hare in the fum of one million five a„n. from p hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, being the amount of the April5,1776. capital of feventy-feven pounds and ten (hillings to be allowed to each fubfcriber of feventy pounds, as aforefaid, for one quarter of a year, from the fifth day of Apr 'iU one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, to the fifth day of Juiy following, to be paid and payable at the bank of England, as foon after the faid fifth day of July9lone thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, as fuch contributors fhall have completed his, her, or their payments, towards raifing the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds; and from thenceforth (hall be paid by half-yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in every year,

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,	.

That the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds to he raifed ^ raifed* by a by a lottery', and diftributed into prizes as aforefaid, (hall carry lottery, to7 an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annuwycuvry an inte-redeemablc by parliament, to commence and be computed fromrclto^3 P*r the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feveri-cent*

o	ty-

Digitized by

Gc ^le

ao8	Anno	decimo fexto-GEORGH III. c. 34,	[1776.

ty-feven, and (hall be paid by half-yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the filth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

XXII.	And be it further ©nailed by the authority aforefaid, Subfcribers to That all fuch fubfcribers, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-beaHowed m- cc{fors? and afligns, paying in the whole of the fums by them fnonic«°patd refpedlively to be paid, on account of their contributions to-in advance, wards raifing the faid fum ©f one million four hundred thoufand pounds, at any time after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and before the feventh day of September following; or dn account of his, her, or their re-fpe&ive (hare in the faid lotteiy, for fix hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the eighth day of Augufi next, (hall be in-titled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of fuch futp> fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeflively, (hall amount unto, after the rate of three

!>ounds per centum per annumy from the day of completing the ame, to the twenty-fourth day of Ofiobery one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, in refpedl of the fum paid on account of the afore-mentioned fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds; and from the day of the actual payment to the third day of Uftober, one thoufand feven hundred 3nd feventy-fix, in regard to the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds to be contributed for a lottery, as aforefaid; fuch allowance to be paid by the faid calhier or cafhiers, out of the monies to be contributed in purfuance of this a£f, as foon as fuch refpeftive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, Subfcribers to fhall have completed fuch payment: and that all the fubfcribers wving^in^the1 or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and whole of their afligns, paying in the whole of the fum or fums to be by him, fubferiptions, her, or them, paid and advanced, towards raifing the faid fum 1M1 receive 0f fjx hundred thoufand pounds by a lottery as aforefaid, (hall amount°thC ^ave *ottcry tickets delivered to him, her, or them, to the amount thereof. of the fum or fums by them refpedtively fubferibed and paid for the purchafe thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, as foon as fuch tickets can conveniently be made out.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Calhier of the That the calhier or cafhiera of the governor and company of the bank to give bank of England, who (hall hatfe received or (hall receive any ^nmbutors Part	*****	contributions, towards railing the faid fum of

for money one million four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, and fix received; hundred thoufand pounds by a lottery, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing, to every fuch contributor, for all fuch fum and fums of money fo received by him or them, and that firth which (hall be receipts (hall be afiignablc by indorfement thereupon made, at atngnable,etc# any time before the fifth day of December, one thoufand feven Calhier to give hundred and feventy-fix, and no longer: provided always, that fCo^d i^k t0thf ^uch ca^eror cafhiers (ball give fecurity, to the good liking commiflioners any lhrec or more of t*ie commiffioners of the treafury, or ofthe treau the high treafurer for the time being, for duly anfwering and furyj paying into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, for the pub-

lick

Digitized by Google

209

1776.]	Anno dccimo fexto Georgii III. c. 34-

lick ufe, all the monies which he or they hath or have already received, and (hall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of two millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in him and them repofed; and (hall, from time to time, pay all iuch monies, as and to pay all foon as h$ or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or monies rer-within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into, and, (hall ac- cxchc 'ucc count for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courle ** cr* thereof, (deducing thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by him or them, in purfuance of this adt) for which fums fo paid, allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful for three or more of the com Commiflmn-

miffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be- «r‘of tbetrea-

ing, to iflue and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums of mo-

ney, as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exche- moneypaidin

quer, by the faid cafhier or caftliers, to fuch fervices as (hall then by the cafhier*

have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this pre-

fent feflion of parliament.

XXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaul.

That in the office of the accomptant-general of the goverifcr Abooktobe

and company of the bank of England, for the time being, a book

or books (hall be provided and kept, in which the names of the ant-generar*

contributors (hall be fairly entered; which book or books the office, inwhich

(aid refpedtive contributors, their refpedtive executors, admint- contributor*

ftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (hail and may, from time to

time, and at all feafonable times, refort to, and infpedt, without	1

any fee or charge; and that the faid accomptant-general (hall,

on or before the fifth day of July*, one thoufand (even hundred

and feventy-fix, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on

paper, of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor

of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for

ever.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch contributors only paying their contribution-monies, Such contri-at or before the refpedtive times in this adt limited in that behalf, butor* only, and their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and who .thc*r affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue moides^c-1^ of this adt, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportionable cording to (hare of the faid annuities of three pounds per eentum perannumy this aft, inti* by this adt granted, and (hall have good and fure intereft and t!c<! t^hav^f eftates therein ; dubjedt neverthelefs to redemption, as is herein- awiuitieTeta after mentioned; and that all the annuities by this adt granted	*

(hall be free from*all taxes, charges, and impoGtions whatfoever; Money paid provided al ways* That in cafe any fuch contributors, who have already depofited with, or (hall hereafter pay to the faid cafhier ££ ihal"Pbe* orcafhiers, any fum or fums of mpney, at the times and in the forfeited to the manner before-mentioned, in part of the fura or fums to be by publick. them refpedtively contributed or paid, towards the faid fum of two millions, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fuc* ccffors, or affigns, (hall notudvaace and pay, to the faid cafhier

or

Digitized by

2IQ

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 34;	[1776.

or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums (b to be contributed or paid, at the timers and in the manner before-mentioned *, then, and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the refpe&ive fum or fums as (hall have been actually paid, in part thereof, to die faid cafhier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefir of the publick; and all right and title to the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft thereof, (hall be extin* guifrted; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

As foon as That, as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra-contributors tors, fucceflors, or afligns, (hall have completed their payments edThcir"1^-1* w^°^e ^um	by	them refpeftively towards the faid

ment8,r fum °f one million four hundred thoufand pounds, the principal

fum or fums fo by them fubfcribed and paid refpe&ively, toge-fcribed *etc X^er vv*t*1 additional capital of feven pounds and ten (hillings to be, in the f°r every feventy pounds by them advanced and paid, (hall forth* books of the with be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the bank, placed credit of fuch refpe&ive contributors, their execitfors, admini-to their credit. ftratorSf fucccflors, and afligns, completing fuch payments re-fpe&ively ; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be fo placed, their refpeftive executors, adminrftrators, fuc-ceflfors, or afligns, (hall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (}iare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, what-foever, in the books of the bank of England, and fuch fums (hall , carry an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled \>y the authority afore-

Annuities	That all the annuities by this aft granted and made pay-

granted bythis able, in refpelt of the faid fum of two millions, together with aft charged the additional capital thereto, (hall, from the refpeeftive com-upon the fink- rnencements thereof, be charged and chargeable upon, and are ^ un •- hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the monies

which (hall from time to time arife, and be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or for the furplufles, exceffes, overplus-monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fundy after paying, or referving fufScient to pay, all fuch fums of money as have been direfted, by any former afts of parliament, to be paid out of the fame.

Managers and direftors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers ol the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoed tickets, with an account of monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwi e into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets are to be

printed.

Digitized by

Google

211

1776.] Anno decimo facto Qeorgii III. c. 35,36.

printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001. to each nrft drawn ticket of the firft 3 days, and 1000I. to the lalt drawn. Tickets of the outermoft columns of the laft-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 13,1776. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. [Number of the fortunate tickets, and th«e fums to be printed, Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in prifon, difeovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. Managers to be fworn.‘ The oath. Cafhier may receive the fums fubfbribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame j which ihall intitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10T. fo paid. Contributors not making good tHeir pay* ments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits with refpe& to the lottery) and the tickets f6r fuch Turns to be delivered into the exchequer* Limit at ionof the faleof chances, See. Penalty. Office-keepers, Sec. fell-big ihares in tickets of which they are not poiTefTed, forfeit $ool. and fuffer 3 months imprifonment. Offences committed in Ireland a gain ft: ads for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punifhable: penalties may be fued for. m Dublin. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the times for fuch exchange. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering 'the names of perfons bringing tickets to be exchanged, See. Certificates to be figneo. See. Accountant-general of the bank to give credit to the perfons named in certificates for linns therein-mentioned | which may be aflignedj and (hall carry 3 per cent, intereft, Sec. Governor, Sec. of the bank to appoint a chief cafhier and accountant-general. Monies to be iiTued at the exchequer to the chief cafhier, for payment of annuities created by this ad* Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuties deemed perfonal ettate. All monies to which any perfons Ihall be inti tied by this ad, to be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferrable at the bankj and to carry an intereft: of 3 per cent. Books to be kept by accountant-general, wherein Ihall be entered aU transfers of fums advanced on this ad. Method of transferring. Perfons pofTefled of flock may devife the fame by will, Sec. Transfers not fubjed to ftamp duties. Coramiflioners of the treafury to difeharge all incident charges attending'the execution of this ad. The bank to continue accompany till redemption of the annuities. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies, or for ifTuing receipts, on penalty of aol. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. XXXV.

An ad for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fcrvicc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix.

CAP. XXXVI.

An ad for the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard-fifhery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

Preamble. Boundaries of the fix fieros afeertained. Poles to be ereded to diftingutfb the boundaries of fome of the Items. Time of continuing open the Items limited. The manner of taking items, and what intitles a boat thereto. No tuck-net to intitle a boat to take item. Time and manner of regiftering the turns or Items. Stems not regiftered to be forfeited. Penalty for making falfe regifter. Boats quitting a Item, others to facceed according to order, Sec. Any boat taking a frefh turn, after having (hot her feyne-nec, &c. Owner to forfeit rol. Seems at Gam Gtpwze, Pedn Olver, and Porthminfter, to be forfeited by going to the joathward of Porthminfter ftation, Scc. Stem to be forfeited by landing the warp.rope in another ftation. JDimeiffions of the feynes, tow-rope, and warp-rope. Seyne to be moored only with forty fathoms, and feyoe-anchors to have but one flock. Clerk, or regifter, by warrant, may enter any boat to meafure the warp-ropes and mooring-ropes, Sec. Expences of m^afiiring, bow. to be paid. Penalty on obftru&ing the entry of the clerk. See. Every anchor uled in mooring to have a fuffLieut buoy and buoy-VOL. XXXI.	Q*.	ropej

Digitized by

212

Preamble. ACt 15 Geo. recited.

Anno decimo fe^to Geqrqii III. c.37.	[1776.

rope; on penalty of ios. Penalty on leaving boat? at anchor without fire men on board. Penalty on putting a bbatto fea, fee. before the warp-rope if landed. Regulations for (hooting the feyne. Provifo. Secqnd boat not to out to lea till the firlt boat hath (hot her feyne. When feyne i9 partly fee# in one (tern, the remainder may be Ihpt in the adjoining ftemi if the fife go thither. When feyne is fyot, it ipay be worked through and moored in any other Hem. Twofeyneq may be iqoqred together, with 10 anchors qn th . north and fouth fides of fuch feynes. When the anchors pf the outern^oft feynes drive, the owners pf fuch feynes to replace the feyne. One anchor to the bunt of every feyne. Seyne that is firft moored to attend the mooring of every other feyne. Penalty for cutting off any rope be-longing to feynes, fee. Provifo, relating to veffels going into or out of harbour. Times for (hooting the feynes upon the leveral fteros or fit* tions. Owners of feynes, (hooting at improper times, to forfeit sol. for each offence. Commencement, fee. of mooting the feynes to be made known by a fignal. At what timet foe boats having turn on one (tem, may (hoot their feyne nets within the limits of another item* Regfter to be appointed: his duty* and (alary. Penalty on reeifter receiving bribes,

t;c. Regifter not to be interfiled in the pilebard-fifeery, fee. Penalty on feing for hook-fife, fee. between July 15, and December *5. Penalty on boats not keeping within so fathoms of the feore, between July sc. and December s 5. Gurries to be meafured and marked; on penalty of il. is. $artner(hipt may alter foe lize of gurries. Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. If fufficieitf dilteefs cannot be found, offender to he committed. Juftices for toe county, in certain cafes, may put this aft in execution. How mayor or iuftices to proceed, in cafe offender efcape into another county, fee. Prolccutions to be commenced within * months after offences committed. Small penalties may be mitigated. How juftices to proceed for convi&ion of offenders. Form of conyiChon*

Serfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftifions, who may ,hear and etermine the matter pf fuch appeals foeir order to be final. Limitation •* of aCtions. General iffue. Treble colts. Publick aCL

C A P. JfXXVIJ.

Jin aft for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, ■' and other articles, to bis Majeftfs fugar colonies in America, and to the ijland of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia* Bay Chaleur,. and Labrador; and for indemnifying all per fans with refpeft to advifing or carrying intp execution his Maje/iys orders oj council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the thirteenth . year of his Majcfiys reign, (intituled, An aCt to regulate *' the importation and exportatiori of corn), whenever the prices of certain fpecics of Britifticorn or grain exceed the prices therein limited, the exportation thereof from this kingdom ir prohibited^ under certain penalties in the faid ail mentioned, except in particular cafes allowed by that and fevered fubfequent alls of parliament: and wbareas certain quantities of wheat, meal, four, breads and bifcuits which were allowed to be exported to the, Britifh fugar colonies in America, for the fujlenance 'and ufe of the inhabitants, of the faid colonies, and certain quantities of bsfeuit and peafe allowed to be exported, to the iflood of Newfoundland,/^ the benefit of the Britifh fijhery there9 by two federal atl\ of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of

bis

Digitized by Google

1776.] AnnodecimofextoGeoKGII III. C.37.	a	13

bis prtftnt Myefty, the one intituled, An ad to allow the ex porta* tion of corn, grain, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; and to extend the provifions of an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, (intituled. An ail to regulate the importation and exportation of corn), allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflandsof Guern-foyand Jtrfey, to bread, bifeuit, and peafe j and to allow th* exportation of all the laid articles to the ifland of Alderney: and the other intituled. An ad to allow the exportation of a limited ouantity of bifeuit and peafe to the ifland of Newfoundland, for tne benefit of the Britijb filhery there; have been rendered infufft-dent by the interruption which has been given to trade, and the bits and	dffiurbanceswhich are Jlill fubf fling in many Of the colonies •,

in North America, and the inhabitants of the	colonies,	and

the British fubjeils carrying on the fijbery at Newfoundland, and at other parts in America, may be put under great difficulties and diflreft at ibis time, without further fupplies from this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and tie it cnaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this Certain quin-ad, it (hall and may be lawful to (hip and export, from the wne*t, porta of London, Briflol, Livtrpoole, and	only, any quart-

tity of wheat, wheat flour, bread, bifeuit, and meal | that is to exported fro* lay. Not exceeding in the whole, from the port of London, fifty London, Bri-thoufand quarters ; from the port of Brijtol, twenty thou find ftol, Liver-quarters ; from the port of Liverpool!,twenty thoufand quarters} E®0*?' ,IM* and from the port of Port Glafgow, ten thoufand quarters; at0 *wow* any time or times before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ferenty-feven, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, for the fuftenance and ufe of (he inhabitants of the .	<

laid colonies: and that it (hall and may be lawful to (hip and	^V*n'

export bifeuit and peafe, out of and from the feveral ports in this cu;t an(j pe3{e kingdom herein-after mentioned, to the feveral places herein- allowed to be after named, for the benefit of the Btitijh filhery carried on in exported to thofe parts, fo as the fame do not exceed the feveral quantities	for

refpeftively limited to thole places, any thing, in the faid recited ^negt 0f ads, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanditlg; (that the fifliery, is to fay),	from the ports

J	hereinafter

jp To the ifland of Newfoundland,,two hundred and fifty tons meotiontd'

“I of bifeuit, and three hundred quarters of peafe.

*}	To Nova Scotia,	two hundred tons of bifeuit, and thretf

2	J hundred quarters of peafe.

To Bay CMcuf, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and three

3	hundred quarters of peafe.

I	To Labrador, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and three hun-

£ l^dred quarters of peafe.

<1*

From

f	s

Digitized by

Google

H4

4

®9

o

]U

5

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 37.	[1776.

To Newfoundland, two hundred tons of bifcuit, and two hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Bay Cbaleur, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and awo hundred quarters of peafe.

To Newfoundland^ three hundred tons of bifcuit, and three hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred tons of bifcuit, and one hundred quarters of peafe.

To Boy Cbaleur, one hundred tons of bifcuit, and one hundred quarters of peafe.

To Labrador, one hundred tons of bifcuit, and one hun-.dred quarters of peafe.

To Newfoundland, three hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and|three hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

To Bay Cbaleur, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

im III*

•s i c£ 8 S.’S $ -5.

i&z| fgpi

g n a.o& U*

To Newfoundland, four hundred tons of bifcuit, and fiX'hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred tons of bifcuit, and •2 ^ two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Bay Cbaleur, two hundred tons of bifcuit? and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Labrador, two hundred tons of bifcuit, and two (.hundred quarters of peafe.





To Newfoundland, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and thirty quarters of peafe.

To Newfoundland, fixty tons of bifcuit, and one hun-||^^dred and twenty quarters of peafe.

b J To Newfoundland, one hundred tons of bifcuit, and | one hundred and twenty quarters of peafe.

I*.

II.	And whereas by an aft, pajfed in the'tbirteenlhyear of his prtftnt Majifly's reign, (intituled, An ad to regulate the importation and

tt'

Digitized by

215

177^-] Anno decimo fc*to Georgn III. c. 37. exportation of com) it- was (amongfi otherthings) enabled, That nothing therein contained Jbould extend to prohibit the exportation from the port of London, to the ijland of Saint Helena, of any quantity of wheat, mealy floury ryey barlfy% or malty not exceeding five hundred quarters in the wholey for the fuflenance and ufe of the inhabitants thereofy under the reftriftions and upon the conditions therein mentioned: and whereas the /aid. quantity of five hundred quarters of wheaty mealy floury ryey barley, or malty is not fufficient for the ne-coffary ufe and confumption of(be faii ijland <?/Saint Helena, and for . the united Esul India,company's ftttfoments in the Eaft ladies; be it therefore enaded by the authority a lore fa id, That, from and 3f- India ter the palling of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid united co™P*ny ,m* company to export annually from Great Britain to the faid ifland annu-of Saint Helenay Bencooleny and to their fettlements in the-£3/?allyioooquar-IqdieSy or any of them, any quantity of wheat, wheat meal, flour, »«rs of wheat, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding one thoufancj quarters in the ^r,^. from whole, under the reflrifiions and upon the terms and conditions ^SaintHele-in the faid recited aft provided and contained, as refpeding the na.Bencoolen, quantity of wheat,, aod other articles, thereby allowed to be ex- See. ported to the faid ifland of Saint Helena; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

• III* Provided always, and it is hereby further enafied by the authority aforefaid. That the faid articles exported as aforefaid, in. purfuance of this aft, (hall be fubjeft to the like fecurities at S^tojtheJika the refpedive ports from whence they are exported, that the fecuritie*, &c. fame (hall not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever other on exporta-than tljc refpedive places for which the fame (hall be entered and twn.asdired-dedared for exportation, and in all other refpefls not altered by	,4>

this ad (hall be liable to fuch and the like rules, reftridions, * 3‘ and regulations; and the perfons granting or making any falfe certificate,or counterfeiting, erafing, or falfifying any certificate, or knowingly publifliing fuch certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, or falflfied, (nail be fubjed to the fame difabilities, penalties, and forfeiture*, as are refpeftively preferibed and direded by the faid recited ads, made in the fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign ; which penalties and forfeitures (hail andpiay be fued for, pro-fccuted, and Aovered, and applied, in the manner direded by tbofc ads.

IV.	And whereas his Majeflyy by an order in councily hearing date the thirtieth day of June lofty was pleafed to order that a quantity of bifeuity not exceeding one thoufand tontyjhould be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur., and Labrador, front the date thereof \ until the twenty fourth day of July followings which time was afterwards prolonged by his Mojeftys further order in coun-eily bearing date the eleventh day of Augult lajl; and his Majeflyy by another order in councily bearing date the twelfth day of July lajl, was pleafed to order that two hundred tons of bifeuit Jbould be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, from the port ^/Tiverpoole; andalfo that fifty tons of bifewty and one hundred quarters of peafey Jbould be allowed to he exported from the port of Weymouth; and likewife two hundred quarters of peafe from the port of Poole; which faid

Q 3	orders

t Digitized by Google

ti6 '	Anno	decimo facto Georgii III. C.38.	£1776.

eritrs could not bt	juft if eiaccording to forms of law, and

yet wort ft much for moforvict of ibt and ft for the fafety and preftrvatitn of his Majefty's fubjetis in thofe , that the fame ought to bt juftified by a£l of parliament j and all -Jons advtfmg,ailing under, or in obedience to the fame indemnified j be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and ClauTe for in- every perfon and perfons who hare or (hall have a&ed or done demnifyingall any thing in advifing or executing the hud orders of council, or vffineorexe fouch>ng or concerning the fame, or relating thereto, (hall be cuting certain and are hereby faved harmlefs, djfcharged, acquitted, releafed, order? of	and indemnified in that behalf, as well againft the King's

council for	majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, as againft all and every other

allowing ex-	an(j	perfons; and all fuits and proceedings for any man-

bifc^t &c°	ner thing difeharged by this prefent a<5t, (hall be-utterly void

*	*	and of none efFedl, to all intents and purpofes j any law, ft at ufet

or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aB for the relief of infolvent debtors; and fig the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes.

Preamble.

Alphabetical lifts to be made out of prifoners in cuftody for debt on Jan. **, 1776, or tf nee that date*

WHEREAS many perfonsy by Ioffes and ether misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they^ are willing to make the utmoft fatisfa&ion they tany and many of them are able to ferve his Majefty by Jea or land, ye* are detained m prifon by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas fucb unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper obje&s of publick compaffion, and, by feveral alls of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in fucb afls men* tmed; for the relief, there forty of infolvent prifoners and fugitives, who /ball comply with the terms contained in this all, to be refpeiliveby ebferved by them, and faithfully difeover upon oath, and deliver up and ajfign all their effects and eftates whatsoever, for the benefit ef their creditors, and to prevent, as far at pofftble, the many fronds and abufes, which, in a great meafure, have obftrufled the good ends of fucb a5ls \ be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and confent or the lords fpirifcal and tern*

Eoral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and y the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this alt, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prifon, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hall, is, and aFe hereby required to make a true, exalt, and perfelt lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every perfon or perfons, who, upon the twenty-focond day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fix, was or were, or at any time firvee have been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at t^e time of making out every fucb lift (hall be, really an altual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prifon rcfpeltively, upon any procefs wbatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage cofU, Ann or Audi of money, con.

\	' tempt,

C tizedby Google

i?y6.] Anno declibb feSto GftoKGii III. c.38. \	21}

tempt, of OthefWife y and an account of the time when filch with the time prifonef or prifoners wai or were refpe<5lively charged in eoftody, wbencharged, or received in prifori, together With the ftaitie or names of the j!n.d at whofc perfon or perfons at whofe fuit of profecution fuch prifdner Of ,ult* prifoners is or ate detained; and (hall deliver the fame to the Lifts to be de. juftices of the peace, at their ftrft or fecond general quarter livered to the feffiohs df the peaGd» to be Held after the pafiing of this a<ft, or Suarter m ttt folRe adjotornment thereof fot fuch county* riding, divifion, on## city, feWrt* place, or liberty refpetftively.

II.	Aftd be it fuff her tfcadled, That the warden of his Ma- Warden of the Jefty’s ptifoh of the Fleet, and marfhal of the King's Bench Prifon, Fl^t, Sec. to lh*il fevefally* Oft the dehterirtg in of any fuch lift of prifoners J^dilwrlme ih their refpedtive cuftddy, take an oath, in the open court of^^glveri ® fuch general quarter feffioii of the peace, or at fome adjourn-itient thereof, to the effedf following} (that it to fay:)

1A• B. ufon tny corporal oath, tn the prefence of almighty God\ do 1 he oath.

folemnly fvuear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, Vibofo name of names is or are infetied and contained in the	'

ftrfl part of the tiff by Me UHu delivered in and fubferibed, was and were, to the btfe of my knowledge end belief upon the twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand /even hundred and feventyftx, really and truly prifoners, in a final tvjlody, in the prifon or gaol of

[infert the name ot the prifon*} at the fuit or Juits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refptfllvely mentioned; and aljo3 that ail and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are infer ted Ot contained in the fecotid part of the faid lift, novo by trie delivered in andfubferibed as of ore faid have, fence' the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fevtniyfix, been committed ot furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of [infer! the hame of the gatol ot prifon,] at the fuit or fuits of the >feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeftivtly mentioned \ except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in fuch lift particularly mentioned and dejiribei to have died, befit difeharged, or removed to feme other prifon, by procefs of lain, fertce the faid twenty-fecond day 0/January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyftx \ and alfe except fuch perfon of pfrfens, tube is or are in Juch life particularly mentioned and de-feribed to have been permitted to have gone out of the faid prifon, by day-rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or Kings Bench, as the cafe Hull be,] fence th? faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeveniy fex, to tranfafi their affairs; and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons ivho is or are therein alfo particularly rrien- v timed and deferibed to have, upon the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyftx, or fence, befit in the'rules of the faid prifon, of the [Fleet, or King’s Bench, as the cafe (Halt be*] by leave of the [warden or marfhal of the faid prifon,

*4 the cafe (hall Be $} and have, to the befe of my knowledge and Mtef, feally and tfufyi ever fence, continued and remained in afi&dl fieftody in the faid prifon, of the [Fleet, of King’s Bench, as the cafe (had btf,J of the liberties thereof, at the fuit or fuits of the fetterdl perfons W the faid Ift .refpofiively mentionedi [am if any prifonef

<U	or

Digitized by

Google

at8	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii III. C.38.	[1776.

of prifoners hath or have, fince the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, efcaped out of either of the faid prifons, then infert,] except [infert the name or names of the prifoneror prifoners who have efcaped,] who, without my knowledge, privity, or confine, bath or have t[coped out of the faid prifon of

and that the faid lift is a true, exafi, perfect, and juft lift ef all Jmb perfons who were really and truly prifoners in afiual cuftody in tb§ faid gaol or prifon of	on the faid twenty-

fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and who, fince the faid twenty fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prijoner or prifoners, in a final cuftody, in the faid gaol, or prifon of	or	the	liberties

thereof \ and that none of fuch prifonersto my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with deftgn, or in expefiation to take any benefit from or under any afi of parliament, to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, jurrendered ibemfelves, or been committed to the fatd prifon, or got their names entered as prifoners in the books of the Jaii prifon, or fince the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refded out of the faid prifon of	or	the

rules tnereof, [but if any have fo done, add, except naming fuch by name.j

All other	And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon of

gaolers on	prifons, in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or

^livenng in Jiberty, (hall (everally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift re-take^he** l° fpe<^ively, take an oath, in,thc open court of the general quarter following	fe(lions of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place, for

which he or (he (hall deliver in any fuch lift, and fwear to the effedt followings (that is to fay:)

Oath*	T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of almighty God, do

‘X folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names are inferted or contained in the firjl part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was and were, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, really and truly prijoners in afiual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfons therein refpefiively mention* ed; and alfo that all and every perfon and jperfons, whofe name or names rs or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the faid lift vow by me delivered in and fubferibed, as aforefaid, have, Jina the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of

[if any fuch prifoner or prifoners hath pr have, fince the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, been committed or fur-rindered to fuch gaol or prifon,] at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons thyrein refpefiively mentioned) except [if any cxcep-'	*	tion

Digitized by

177^*] Anno dccirao fexto Georgii III. c.38.	219

tion is ncccflary] fuch perfons as are therein particularly mentioned	/

and deferibed to have died, been difcharged, or removed to fome other prifon by procefs of law, or to have efcaped out of fucb prifon, without my privity, knowledge, <?r confent, Jrnce the faid twenty fecond day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and feventyfix; and that all and, every of them, whole name and names is and are contained in the firfl part of the faid lift (except as before excepted) to the bejl of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in aftual cujlody in the faid gaol or prifon of	ever fince the

faid twenty fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyfix, and that the faid lift is a true, exaft, perfeft, and juft lift of all fucb perfons as were really and truly prifoners in aftualcuftody, tn the faid gaol or prifon of	on the faid

twenty fecond day January, one thoufandfeven hundred and feveuty-ftx, ana who fince the faid twenty fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyfix, have, been really and truly committed, or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of (except as before excepted) to the bejt of my knowledge and belief; bnd that none of fuch prifoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with defign, or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made	relief of infolvent debtors,

furrendered or been committed to the faid prifon of or got bis, her, or their name or names entered as prif oner or prifoners in the books of the faid prifon, or, fince their commitment, have to my knowledge, or with my privity, refided out of the faid prifon of ' [if any have fo done, then add, except inferring their names.]	»

Which faid refpedtive oaths the faid juftices, at the firft or fecond Oath* to be general quarter feffion aforefaid, or at fome adjournment there- administered of, within their refpedrive jurildidrions, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter in open court: and the words of the10.0	*	.

faid oath herein-before directed to be taken by the faid warden	rubberibed

and marfhal relpedrively, (hall be entered or written at the endar the bottom or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered in by them refpec- of the lilt*, lively, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them refpedtively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every fuch gaoler or keeper refpedhvely (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which (hall be delivered by them refpedttvely, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them re-(pcdively in open court: and every fuch lift which (hall be fo Lifts to be 1 delivered in,* fubferibed and fworn to, in purfuance of this adt, kept by the (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or otherc!crlc °f'the officer a&ing as clerk of the peace of every fuch county, riding,pcacc* diviGon, city, town, place, or liberty refpedtively, in which any fuch lift as aforefaid mall be fworn to, for the better fatisfadlion of the faid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named; and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward. ,	#

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid*

That

Digitized by

. £20

Three copies of lifts to be -fixed up in each prifon, Icc.

Perfons in-fertcd in the lifts being prifoneri, without a fraudulent intention, on Jan. as,177*,

and conforming to this aft, (hall be dif-charged.

Perfons ar-retted for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 1,1776, furrendering themfelves on or before June *6,1776, and conforming to this a<5t. (ball be difcharged.

Juftices, on petition of any prifoner, and nit de» livering a fchedule of his eftatt,

Ahno decimo fcxto Georgii III. C. 38.	[1776*

That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prifon, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the firft or fecond general quarter feflions of the peace fhall be hdd, after the parting of this a<ft, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prifon (hall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in fome confpicuous place or places in every fuch prifon, and at the rood frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at the faid genera] quarter feflions, or at fome adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That all and every period and'perfons, whofe name or names (hall be inferted in any fueh lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, who, upon the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, were realty and truly prifoners in thea&ual cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper oft any prifon refpedtively of this kingdota, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prifon as a prifoner or prifoners there, with a view or defign to take the benefit of fome a<3 for relief of infolvent debtors, and who (hall take the oath herein-after mentioned, and fhall perform, on hrs or her part, what is required to be done by him or her by this adt* (hall be for ever releafed and difcharged from his or her hnprifonment, in fuch manner as hereafter is provided.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That any perfon or perfons who (hall have been arrefted and in adtuarl cuftody of an officer, for any fOm or fums of money by virtue of any writ or procefs, ifluing out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, on or before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and who (hall, on or before the twenty-fixth day of June, one jhoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, furrender him, her, or themfelves, in difeharge of his, her, or their bail, and ft)all thereupon be committed to prifon, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, upon due proof of the premifes upon oath, be difcharged from his, her, or their debts and imprifonment, in like manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had been actually in prifon on the twehty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix j fubjedt rteverthe* left to the fame refiri&ions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications* herein-before impofed upon perfons adtually in cuftody on the twenty-fecond day oi January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and alfo fubjed to the fame terms and conditions relating to the eftate and etfedls of every fuch prifoner as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice or juftices of the peace, within his or their refpedlive jurisdictions, upon every fuch prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning, and

at

Digitized by LjOOQle

22%

177$*] Anno dedrno fexto Georgii 111. c. 3S.

at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving With the juftice or juftices of the peace who (hall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, containing his or her intended difcovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general quarter feflion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or feme adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand^ayiAbe their and feal, or their hands and feals, to require the (heriff or brin^ ^hiin fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, of keeper of any fuch prifon within to t .^quarter the jurifdidion of any fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before the feffions, &c. juft ices, at the firft or fecond next general quarter feftion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpe&ive county, riding, divifion, rfty, town, place, or liberty, the body of any peffon being in the find prifon as afore fa id, with the warrant or warrants or his with ^1* war-or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe ordeuinerhllrc, caufes which he, (he, of they, is or are charged with in any fuch 1 gaol or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid; which warrant of every fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch (heriff and fheriffs, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII.	And be it alfo enacted, That the copy of every fcheduleScfiedule of

which (hall be left with any fuch juftice or juftiefe, (hall, within	to bcT#

ten days after the fame (hall be fo left, be tranftnitted by the^nf^^ juftice or juftices, with whom the fame (halt be fo left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, the peace, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or

liberty, in which the fame fhaH have been fo left, there to remain and be infpeded, from time to time, as occafion (hall re- for infpe&ioii quire, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to0* creditor*, infpc'ft the fame.

VIII.	And be it alfo enabled, That every fuch juftice or juftices Any joftice.

Who (hall refufe or omit, for the fpace of ten days, to tranfmitomi*},,rfB f0c the copy of the fchedule fo left with him as aforefaid, to the	a°

derk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of copy of the the peace, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or fchedule to liberty, in which the feme (hall have been fo left, (hall, for every clerk of ftich offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which (half ftiall^forfeit C* and may be filed for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts ,0jf

of record at Wtfimnfler, by adion of debt, together with cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who (hall profecute for the feme; and one moiety of wnich money forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the feme, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifti in which the offence (hall be committed.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That' all and every prifoner Pri*°ncri and prifonere, who (hall intend to petition to be difchargedSjJjJJJJP, tinder this aA, as aforeftid, (hall firft caufe puMick notice to be^ir dif-inferted in-three feveraf London Gazettes, previous to fuch general charge, are to quarter feffion, and the adjournment thereof, at which the faidSiv5 P«wqu« prifoner or prisoners (hall apply to be difcharged from any

in London^ or within the weekly bilk of mortality ; and if fuoiv&c,' -	*

pn-

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 38*	[1776.

prifoner (hall be in cuftbdy in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in fome newfjfeper which (ball be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or'place, in the gaol whereof he or (heihall be Contents of fo in cuftody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and uk nonce. two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch prifoner and prifoners, and the prifon wherein he, (he, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this a#; and mentioning fuch notice in each Gazette or newfc paper, to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the *d to be paid time of puhlifhing each of fuch notices5 and for the inferting of *aoh Time for each of which faid feveral notices in the faid Gazette, or in any infer ting no- Qther newfpaper, there (hall be paid, each time, by every fuch ***'	prifoner, two-pence, and no more: the firft of which faid notice*

be fo inferted in the faid Gazette, or in the hid other newf->

* papers, as the cafe may require, thirty days at lead, and the laft of the faid notices, ten days at lead, before any ftich firft on fecond general quarter feflion, and adjournment thereof, (hall be held as aforefaid ; fo that as well all the creditors who have, not charged the faid prifoner or prifoners in cuftody as thofe creditors who have charged fuch prifoner or prifoners in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife may have diffident notice thereof.

X.	Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full afii fuffieient time to eonftder the matters and things contained m the fchedule or fchedules intended' io be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Every debtor further enabled, That every fuch debtor, when he or (he (hall to debvtr a (according to the directions of this a6t) publilh the firft notice fchedule of cf an intention to petition for his or her difeharge, he or (he the gaoler,0	*n	^llc^ not*cc> declare that the fchedule, containing his or

and to declare her intended difeovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate, (to ; the fame in his be fworn to in manner as by this adl directed) is lodged in the firtt notice, hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of fuch gaoler or c*	keeper, of the prifon wherein any fuch prifoner (hall be confin-

ed ; and every fuch prifoner is hereby directed and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he (hall publifh fuch firft notice as aforefaid, figned by his or her own chriftian and furname, to be attefted On negleft by any fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and in cafe any prifoner thereof, to be (hall negledt or refufe to deliver one fuch fchedule to fuch gaoler, ' remanded keeper, or deputy, prior to fucb bis firft notice to be given as °Pn on* aforefaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of fuch negle§ to the fatisfa&ion pf the court to which fuch prifoner (hall make application for his difeharge, (hall be remanded back to prifon, there to remain till he or (he (hall have complied with the direc-Gaolertoatieft tIon* aforefaid: and every fpeh gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is* the prifoner's hereby dire&ed and required to atteft the fignafure of the pri-fignature to foner’s name to fuch fchedule, and to receive the fame into his andgW«him cuftocty an<? Charge, giving a duplicate thereof to every fuch a duplicate prifoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the * thereof} original} and he is hereby further required to deliver a true copy

of

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto GeoRGII III. c.38.	223

of any fuch fchedule,'figned by himfelf, upon requeft made to andalfoto him by any creditor for that purpofe, in writings fuch copy to«ivc a copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to fuch perfon as he (hall appoint to receive the fame, within thyee days after demand	q

made, on payment'for each fchedule after the rate of fixpence per fheet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for any lefs number of words: and if any fuch gaoler, Gaoler, See. keeper, or deputy, (hall negle& or refufe to conform to the ®n «?glc&t to directions hereby given him refpeCling fuch fchedule, every fuch- ***10 L gaoler, keeper, or deputy, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty pounds, to any perfon who (hall fue for and recover the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft* mnJUr% by aftion of debt.

XL And be it further enaCted, That the notices to be given by every prifonei, in manner directed by this alt, (hall be to the ene& following* videlicet:

I	[infert	the	name>	trade,	occupation.	Form of pri-

> and two laft places of abode, if fo many] now confined in foner’t notice* [infert the name of the prifon and county,] do hereby give this publick notice, being [infert the firfiy feemd, or third* as the cafe may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit of an ably pajfcd in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefiy.t reign, (intituled* An a& for the relief of infolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes 5) [and if it be the firft notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice y that a true and perfeft fchedule, containing a difeovery of all my real and ptrfonal ejiatty here-' after to be fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor apply-	1

ing for the fame* in manner aforefaidy to the gaoler or keeper, or hit deputy* of	[infert the name of the prifon

wherein fuch prifoner (hall be confined, and the county in which it is fituate:]

And every fuch notice (hall be figned by the prifoner, and Notice to be counter-figned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of fuch figned by the gaoler or keeper, of the prifon wherein fuch prifoner (hall be Prlfon*r> confined.

XII.	And be it further enidted. That every fuch prifoner as Prifoner being aforefaid, who, in purfuance of any fuch warrant as aforefeid, brought into (hall be brought to the general quarter fefiion, or any adjourn- p^«['aatioa ment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon oath, or by notices producing the faid three Gazettes and newfpapers before-men- proved, &c. tioned to the faid juftices, at any fuch fefiion, or the adjournment thereof, that fuch notices were infer ted in the London Gazette* and other newfpapers, where required, in manner as herein-befbre is directed, and that the perfon or perfons fo petitioning was or were actually a prifoner or pri foners on the (aid twency-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and (eventy-fix, or fince, in the gaol or prifon tn which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift of prifoners there delivered in-at any fuch firft or fecond fefiion, or any ad-

jpurn-

Digitized by Google



124	Anno	decimo	fexto	Georgii	IIL 0.38.	[1776.

journment thereof, as aforefaid, in purfuance of this ad, dull, in opea court, at the laid general quarter feflion, or any ad-to deliver in journment thereof, fubfcribe and deliver in a true fchedulc or a fchedule of account of all his or her real eftate, either in pofiefiion, rever-debtfta&e>	remainder,	or	expedancy; and alfo of the whole of his or

9*&c*	her perfonal eftate, which he or (he, or any perfon or perfon* in

truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or intitled to, or was or were in bis or her poffeffion, at any time'fince his or her commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her ieveral debtors, and where they refpedively live, or may be met with} and the ieveral fums of money from them rclpedively owing, and how the fame refpedively became due, and are iecured; and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contrad, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the feveral witnefies who can prove fuch debts or contrads, (if there be any fuch,) and (hall alfo make oath and fwcar to the effed following} (that is to fay:)'

Prisoner's T A. B. upon my corporal qatb, in the prefence of almighty God, do oaf h on de- x folemnly /wear, proteft, and declare, That on the twenty fecond day frhllrl"? m thC °f January, one tboufand jeven hundred and fcvtnty-fix, I was a prs-uc*	finer, or elfey [as the cafe may be,] that fmee the jaid twenty*

ficond day of January, one thoufand /even hundred andfiventy-ftx, / have furrendered, or have been committed to the prifin of

in difebarge of my bail, or for want ofbail, [as the cafe (hall be;] and that I was actually arrejled, and in the cuftody of an officer, before the /aid twenty focond day of January, one thoujmd feven hundred and fiventyfix, in the aftion or fiat, a&ions or fuits, in which 1 furrendered, or was committed as aforefaid, to the JaU gaol or prifon of	and that I have, ever	fine*

my faid fwrrender or commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of ,	in	the	oflual	cuftody	of	the gaoler

or keeper of the fiid prifon of	or	within	the

liberties thereof, at the J nit of	*	and	without

any fraud or collufion wbatfiever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, and fubferibed, doth contain, to the beft of my knowledge, re-membrance, and belief * field, juft, (rue, and perfect acCount and difi covery of all the goods, effe fts* and ejlates, real and perfinal* either m poffeffion, reverfton, remainder, or expeflancy, which f or any perfm in truft for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are feifed or pofftffai of, interefted in? or intitled to, or was or were in my pffiffien at cny time fence my commitment to prifin; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any perfon or perjons in truft for me\ and of all the /Securities and controls whereby any money now is, or wtll or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue 00 mej or to my ufe, or to any perfon or peefins in truft for me; mod the names and places of abode of toe Jeveral per fans from whom fetch debt* are due and owing; and of the witnefes (hat can prove fitch debts or eontrakfSy [if any fuch there be;] and that neither /* nor any ether perfiu or ptrfins in truft fir me, or for my ufe, have any lands, money*

Digitized by v^ooQle

177&] Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c.38.	225

flock, or any	eflate, rtal or	perfonol, in or re-

mainder, or txptflancy, other than what are in the /aid tained, accept wearing	apparel, bedding for tnj/elf

working tools, W neceffary implements for my occupation and together with a fum of money not exceeding forty /hillings, and theft in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty	and-that /

have not, nor any body for me bath, dirtily or indiref3h,jbld, leffened or other wife conveyed, difpefed of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts,	contrails,

or eflate, real or personal, whereby to fecure the fame, or to receive or expoft any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to-wbom lam or was indebted in anyvAfe bowfoever.

So help me GOD.

And the faid fchedule and oath (hall be, by every fuch prisoner, Schedule and fubfcribed in the prefence of the juftices in open feffion of the oath to be Tub* peace, as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain jfonb'da‘"the with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, the clerk for town, or place, where the (ante (hall be (uhicribed and taken, the examina-for the better information of all the creditors of fuch prifoner*,on ofcredl* who (hall delire, or may have occafion, to relbrt thereto; andtora* every fuch creditor (hall be at liberty, at fealbnable times in the day-time, to penile and examine the fame,

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That the juftices within Court, at the their refpedtive jurifdi&ioos, at anyXuch general quarter feffion, requett a or adjournment thereof, at the requeft of any creditor or credi-tors of any fuch prifoner, are hereby authorised to caufe the er, &c. ca deputy warden and marlhal of the Fleet and King’s Bench prifon, oath, and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, to come before them, and to examine them refpedtiveiy on oath, touching any of the matters Contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this adl to be taken, and tbe truth thereof j and if the oath which (hall have been The prisoner's taken in open eourt by any prifoner or prifoners, (hall not be .oath not be-di(approved by good teftimony of any credible perfon or perfbns JJ*

On oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of them, prefent diTcbargtbiro, at. any fuch. general quarter feffion, (hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any fuch refpedtive prifoner, then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch feffion, or Tome adjournment thereof, command the faid (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch, prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoner OF prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hilling for his or their attendance with every fuch on hit paying pFjfoner at foeh general quarter feffion, oe any adjournmentJ**®*'1,to thereof, in order for his, her, or their difeharge; (and which(n ”	*

every foch. (tariff or (tariffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of foch prifon or prifooe, is and are hereby authori fed to receive and take for every fuch order:) and every fuch order (hall be a

.	fuffi-	■ '

Digitized by

226	Anno	decimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 38*	[1 776,

who (hall be fafficicnjt difcharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of fuch prifpn or prifons, and (hall indemnify him or for the efcape. t^em againft any efcape or efcapes, or a<5tton or a&ions whatfo-ever for efcape, which (hall or may be brought/ commenced, or profecuted againft him or them.

Eftate and XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* efftftsof the *phat *]] the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch pri-bC d?fcha^ge” ^ncr> in, an^ unto» all-the real eftate, as well freehold and to be veiled in copy as cuftomary-hold, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, and the clerk of effects, of every fuch prifoner, (hall, immediately after the dif-tbe peace, charge of any fuch prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding* city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any fuch prifoner (hall whoistomakebe refpedtively difeharged; and every fuch clerk of the peace, town c^cr^» or ol^er officer adling clerk of the peace, is nees namfd hereby direfted and required to make ah aflignment and con-by the court; vcyance of every fuch prifoner’s eftate and efie&s, vfcfted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid prifoner, as the jufticcs at any general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their rcfpe<5tive jurisdictions, (hall order and direCt, (which alignment and conveyance (hall be good and effeCtoal in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper (lamped 5) and to veft the eftatrs thereby affigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame ihall be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the for which he eftate and intereft the prifoner had therein ; and for the prepar-fhall be paid ing, ingroffing, and executing of which alignment and convey-ance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, (hall take any greater fee than two (hillings; and every fuch aflignment and conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch prifoner, in refp$Ct or in proportion to their refpeCtivc Affignees im- debts; and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch aflign-powered to mcnt and conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are *	hereby	fully impowered to fue, from time to time, as there may

be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effects of any fuch prifoner, or execute any and alfo to execute any truft or power vefted in, or created for truft °r power the u^c or benefit of any fuch prifoner, but in truft for the foiier VT benefit of him or themfelves, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch prifoner; and to give difeharge and difeharges to any debtor or debtors of any fuch prifoner, as (hall be requifite: Affignees to and every fuch aflignee or affignees (hall, with all convenient fitate and *Peed» after bis or l^e*r accepting any fuch aflignment or con-effefts of fhe vcyance, ufe his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in piifuner, the eftate and effects of every fuch prifoner; and (hall, with all

con-

/

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 38.	227

convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch prifoner and make fal« veiled in fuch aflignee or aflignees; and if any fuch prifoner within two (hall be interefted in, or intitled to, any real eftate, either in mr pofleffion, reverfion, or expectancy, the lame, within the fpace^au# ^ of two months after evety fuch affignment and conveyance,

(hall be fold by publick auction, in fuch manner, and at fuch place, as the major part of the creditors of any fuch prifoner who (hall aflemble together, on any notice in writing publifhed in the London Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the prifoner before his going to gaol refided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpaper which (hall be

!)ubli(hed in or near the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, iberty, or place, in which fuch prifoner dwelt before he or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, (hall, under his band, or their hands, agree on: and every and make a fuch aflignee or aflignees, at the end of three months at fartheft dividend from the time of his or their accepting any fuch affignment or * conveyance asaforefaid, (hall make a juft and fair dividend of all fuch prifoner’s eftates and effects, which (hall have been then t recovered, amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to ea£h creditor's refpe<ftive debts; but before any fuchdrft making dividend (hall be made, fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall make UP coums^and an account of fuch prifoner’s eftate, and make oath in writing, verifyingthem before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, upon oath, riding, divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch prifoner (hall have been difcharged, that every fuch account con-' tains a juft and fajr account of the eftate and effedls of every fuch prifoner got in by or for fuch aflignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in refpedl thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every fuch dividend (hall be pub- 30 days no-lifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein- t,*fc t0 be before dire&ed to be publiftied, thirty days at lead before the fame (hall be made ; and no creditor (hall be allowed to receive dCnd * any (hare of fuch dividend, until he (hall have made out the ancj none (0 juftnefs and identity of his refpeltive debt by oath, or due proof receive any in writing, before fome fuch juftice or juftices: and if any (hare until creditor of fuch prifoner (hall be diflatisfied with the reality orthc^a^ j fairnefs of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the §2^ <ir fame, at the rcqueft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatif- £>et,ts"claimed fied, (hall be examined into by the juftices of the county, riding, to be examin-divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which fuch prifoner (hallhaveed into and been difcharged, at their next general quarter feffion, and whatd*tcrm,nwl by they (hall there determine in the premiles (hall be conclufive tothc court* all parties: and if, after payment of all fuch prifoner’s creditors. Surplus of the there (hall any of his eftate and efFefls remain after payment of priioner’s all rcafonable charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch prifoner, eft?{c to ^ his executors or adminiftrators.	toh,,n,

XV. And, to the intent that no loft may arife to any creditor or creditors from any niglefi or omiffion in the fcheduie not containing the fvhtde ofthe ejlate, real or per final, belonging to any prifincr who

Vol.XXXL

Digitized by

toil

Google



in the icbe-dale of pri-foner's eftate.

228	Annodccimo fcxto GeoRGII III. C.38.	[\yj6.

Creditors not Jball apply for bis or ’her difcharge, under the authority of this a&i to tuffer from be it enadted, That all the eftate, whether real.or perfonal, any om^flion which (hall belong to any prifoner or prifoners, and of which he, (he, or they, (hall be actually pofleffed at the time of making fuch fchedule, (hall be deemed, and taken to be, a part of* the eftate contained in fuch fchedule, though not inferted therein, and (hall in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as fuch, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been contained in fuch fchedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act.	t

XVI. Provided always, and be it enadted, That in cafe of the death or removal of any clerk of the f>eace, town clerk, ~or

On death or removal of

as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, in whom

: peace, prifoners eftates to be-Come vefted in their iuc-ccffors.

No fait in equity to be commenced, but by con-fent of majority in value of creditors.

the eftate, right, title, intereft, or truft, of any prifoner or prifon-ecs, (hall have been vefted by the authority of this adt; every fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, (hall become vefted in the fucceffor or fucceffors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, as aforefa d refpedtively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, under the provifions of this adt.

XVII.	Provided further, and be it alfo enadted, That no fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any affignee or affignees of any fuch prifoner’s eftate and effedts, without the confcnt of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch prifoner, who (hall meet together purfuant to a notice to be given in the London, Gazette for that purpofe.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforetaid. Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting peace to exhi- as clerk of the peace of every refpedtive county, city, and county ditor*orhhT*town» anc* county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and attorney, on place, with whom any fchedules of the eftates of any infolvent payment of ts. debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left, and his fuc-the fchedule ceflors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as sr’» eJates°n* c^cr^ Pcace as af°refcidi (hall, on the reafonable requeft

* c a 1 of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce apd (hew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedqle of the eftates of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, or his predeceflor in that office; the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe.any fuch fchedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule ihall be, or his deputy, the futn of one (hilling for his trouble in fearching for, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the lame (hall be perufed by the party or parties requiring Attefted copy to have the fame looked out, and to perufe the fame: and that Tbereof \ ° bf a truc c°py cvcry fuch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the c^tocc. P^’ town ckrk* or °thcr officer adting a* clerk of the peace,

iii

Digitized by LiOOQle

*77^*3 . Anno dedmo fexto GeorgiiIII. c.38.	S29

in wbofe cuftody the fame Ihall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on (lamped paper, (and for which copy no more (hall be paid than fixpence by the (heet, each (heet to domain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for a lefs number of words,) (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence of the fame: and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, Clerk of the town clerk, ^r other officer acting as clerk of the peace, (hall, on P«aee refuting reasonable requeft as aforefaid, negledl or refule to produce to fuclh^hedule any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or ckeir at- JJ.Cto deliver^ torney, any fuch fchedule as aforefaid, and to permit the fame copy theieof, to be infpefted as aforefaid, in the day-time, on fuch payment &c. or tender as aforefaid being made to him; or (hall a(k or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the (heet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for lefs than feventy-two words in a (heet; or (hall refufe to make and deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requeued as afore-laid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy, after the rate aforefaid; (hall, for (hall forfeit every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum 6f ten pounds; which »ol. and fliall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Mjjedy’stfcWc	*

courts of record at JVeJlminJlery by a&ion of debt, together with treble cods of fuit, in the name or any perfon who (hall profecute One moiety to for the fame: and one moiety of which money forfeited (hall,the Pro,ccu-when recovered, go to the party who profecuted for the fame, *°j^**2 and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pari(h in which poor 0f lhe the offence (hall be committed.	parifh.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That before fuch Affignee* of time as any affignee or affignees as aforefaid (hall enter on, or copyhold or take any profit from, any copyholder cuftomary efiate, as.afore-cuftomay faid, he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords compound of the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall beholden, forwjth the lord the payment of fuch fine dr income as, upon any furrender and of tne manor, admiffion thereto, hath heretofore been mod ufually accudomed

to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition, and to be >d-the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or mitred tenants fome fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for the faid manor thereupon, or manors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch affignee or .affignees, tenant to fuch copyhold or cuftomary prem.fes, according to the cudom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during fuch edate and intered as the faid prifoner had therein at the time of his or her being difeharged as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, cuf-toms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered in refpedt of the faid copyhold or cuftomary premifes.

XX.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-The prifoner** tend to prejudice or affeft apy edate or intered, or right what- right and in-foever, of any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid pri-

foner or fugitive, which'may be expectant upon, or fubje& unto, ^ tj,js the edate or intered of the faid prifoner or furtive, hereby vefted in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or >h:r officer Ifting

Kz	as

Digitized by

AH mortgage*, 5fC. to taice place pf eterable to claim* of an inferior nature.

Power* in prifoners of leaf ing land?, &c veited in affignees.

Th* a&ing gmler, it che ti ne of deli-vcring Ui<. ' lilts, only liabie to be fwom.

Anno decimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. 38.	[*776.

as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon and perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved to them, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXL Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the eftate of fuch prifoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch mortgage or mortgages refpedively; nor to prevent any ftatute-ftaple, ftatute-merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained againft any fuch prifoner or prifoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and alfo where any inquiGtion (hall have been taken updn any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the (heriff or proper officer, upon any fuch judgement, before fuch difeharge (hall be given in open feffion to any fuch perfon as aforefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch prifoner refpedively (hall be fubjed thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, refpedively, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner and prifoners refpedively, if this ad had not been made; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXII. /Ind whereas many perfons who may be in tit led to, and claim the benefit of this afl, are feifed'and pojjeffed of lands, tenements^ xand hereditaments, to hold to futh prifoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, referving Jmall rents on fuch efatesy for one, twoy or three liveSy in pojfejfon or reverfiony or for fome number of years determinable upon livesy which jaid powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of fuch prifoners; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leaGng fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be vefted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the affigneeor affignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner, by virtue of this ad, to be by fuch affignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforefaid.

XXIII. And wh f eaSy in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, the cffi<e of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otberwife, by perfons who n/ver aft as za.Urs or keepers tbemfelves y or know any thing of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome per fen or perfons under them os gaolers or keepers of Jueh gaols or prifons; be it therefore enacted, Tlut, in every fuch cafe* the perfon who (hall have been actually employed and aded as deputed gaoler or keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to b^ delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol

M	or



Digitized by

177^;] Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 38.	23^

. or prifon, at any general quarter feflions of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper,

(unlefe where fuch principal gaoler or keeper (hall ad as gaoler or keeper himfelf,) (hall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XXIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Court, on re the juftices, at any general quarter feflion of the peace, or ad-	of	a

journment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought in admiiSfter^n purfuance of this ad, (hall, if required by any creditor or credi- ©ath to the tors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofe his or gaoler, her difeharge, adminifter and give to the gaoler, or the perfon who ads as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time of bringing up any fuch prifoner, in order to be difeharged under this ad, an oath to the following effect; (that is to fay,)

I A. B. do fwear, That	was	really	and	truly	The

a prifoner in my cufiody, in the prifon of to the heft of my knowledge and belief at or upon the twenty fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyftx; and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of bis [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid and prodded to this court is or are a true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud #r deceit by me, or any other perfon wbatfoever to the beji of my knowledge and belief. '	/

So help me GOD,

And if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler *f foch P«rfon or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, on the faid twcnty-fecond'^^^uj^ day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, or oa'jan***, fince, (nail not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1776, then’he gaoler or keeper, of any fych gaol or prifon, at the time any fuch take lh< lift as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the ^oll°win8 juftices, at any fuch feflion, or hit any adjournment thereof, may and arc hereby required to adminifter and give to the refpeclive perfon or perfons who (hall be gader or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any fuch prilon to* the effed for-lowing; (that is to fay,)

I A. B. do fwear, That I have examined the commitments, or looks Oath. kept of or concerning the commitment, of prifoners to the prifon of in the [county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, ox liberty of	as	tbe	cafe	(hall	be;]

and that I do verily believe that the faid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, not calculated f0this purpofey and by them it doth appear that

was, on the twenty fecond day of January, one thoufand feven bun-

Rj

,	Digitized	by	VjOOgLC



232	Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. p. 3$. [1776.

dred and feventyfix, really and truly a prifoner in the actual cujlody of	the	then gaaler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of thefaid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

XXV.	Andy in order to difcover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifoners in any gaol books, be it further ena&ed by the Court, at the authority aforefaid, That the juftices, at any general or quarter requeft of a feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby fummon the^ authorifed, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors of any perfon who prifoner, to convene before them, at fome certain time, to be a&ed at gaoler appointed by them, any perfon or perfons, who was or were on Jan. »*, gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or 1776, oriince, prjfon wjthin their refpeftive jurifdidlions, on the faid twcnty-fecond day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-and examine fix, or at any time fince; and to examine every fuch gaoler or h»m, on oath, keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the com-mitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner, as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or adjournment, Sheriff or thereof, (hall think fit: and if any (heriff, gaoler, or keeper, £*°krdif- or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negle<ft or rcfufe to bring be-o^ourt °to 'r^orc	iu^‘ccs> at any feffion of the peace, .or adjournment

forfeit 1001, thereof, any prifoner as (hall be directed and required,by warrant with treble of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or to attend on being Aim-colli.	moned for that purpofe; or if any gaoler or keeper attending,

(hall rcfufe to make anfwer and difcovery in the premifes, as (hall be reafonably required, at fuch general or quartet* fefljon, or any adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending in ,	the premifes, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the

fum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of the party injured, byadlion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majeftv’s courts of record at IVeftminfter, together with treble cofts of uiit.

XXVI.	And whereas a great number of workmen Jkilful in the . ftveral trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and alfo many able feamen and marinersf finding themfelves unable to fatisfy the whole of their refpeClive debts, and dreading the mifcries of a gaol, have choje to leave their employments and native country, and have entered them-felves in foreign fervice : and whereas their continuance abroad mujl tie °f ireat prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore fo induce and enable fuch perfons to return, be it enabled by the . Debtors who authority aforefaid, That all and every.debtor and debtors, who were beyond was or were atfuljy beyond the Teas, in foreigh parts, on the la* fe^°fn 5 faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred furnnderi^ng* ?nd feventy-fifc and did not go into fuch foreign parts with the themfelvet, view or intent to gain or have the benefit <?f an infolvent debtor’s may take the a&, who (hall return and furrender himfelf or themfclves, within benefit of this fpun^n days next immediately after his or their landing in a 1	England, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of tbo

prifons

Digitized by

Google . .

1776.} Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. C.38.	233

- prifons of the King’s Bench, Marfhalfea* or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prifon or prifons of fuch county, city, town, riding, divifion, liberty, or place, where fuch debtor or debtors Iaft dwelt, for the fpace of fix ^ month?, (which faid gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and im powered to receive, and detain fuch debtor or debtors, furrendering as aforefaid, in order to their difeharge, as herein-after mentioned,) and who, from and iop-mediately after fuch furrender, do continue in adual cuftody of fuch gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his discharge, (hall be deemed a prifoner or prifoners within, and be, to all intents and purpofes, intitled to the benefit of this aft; and (hall, upon due proof of the faid premifes, by the oath of fuch debtor or debtors (not difproved by any credible witnefs,} / be difcharged in the fame manner as if he, (he, or they, had been actually in prifon on the faid twenty-fe:ond day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and continued therein as aforefaid j fubjecl neverthelefs to the fame reftridtions upon *he fame and provifions, and a compliance with the like terms, condi-tions, and qualifications, hereinbefore impofed upon the faid cra/^ prisoners adfually in cuftody upon the faid twenty-fecond day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and alfo fubjedt to the terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effeds of fuch prifoner, as aforefaid; excepting only fuch parti- except in cer-culars thereof as require the name of a prifoner to be inferted in *aifl P«rticu-tbe gaolers dr keeper's lift, as aforefaid, as relate to the oaths ofltn* fuch' gaoler or keeper herein-before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot poffibly be applied to the cafe of per-Tons furrendering themfelves .as aforefaid; and alfo except the laid Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by prifoners in cuftody upon the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fix; inftcad whereof, the perfon or perfons fo furrendering (hall take an oath, in open court, at fome general or quarter feflion of the peace, or fome atljourn-1 ment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, divifion, place,

. or liberty, in the prifon of which ahy fuch fugiti^ or debtor fhafl be held, after the furrender of any fuch fugitive or debtor,

. to the eflfedt following; which the faid juftices authorifed to put this a& in execution, are hereby required and impowered to ad-minifter in fuch manner as the oaths herein-before mentioned are to be adminiftered.

,T A. B. upon my corporal oath? in the prefence of almighty God, Fugitive's JL folemnly j'wear* protejl, and declare; That I was actually* on the oalh* twenty-fecond day ^January, one thoufandfeven hundred andjeventy-Jix* beyond the fees in foreign parts j videlicet, at and that I did* within fourteen days next immediately after my landing* furrender myfelf to the evjlody of the keeper of [as the cafe may be j] and that 1 have ever fince fuch my furrender continued a prifoner in his cuftody; and that the fchedule now dedher-od* and by me fubfcribtd, doth contain* to the beji of my knowledge*	v

R 4	r/-

Digitized by

Google



234	Anno	dccimo fexto Georgii III. c. $8. [i 776.

rmembranct, and belief, a full, juft, true, and perfefl account end difeovery, of all the real eflate, goods, ejfefls, and other perfanal aflat**,

" in arty wife belonging to me; and alfo of all fuch debts as are tefme ' owing, or to any perjou or perfons in trujl for me; and of au the ' • fecurities and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any other perjon or per-Jons in trujl for me; and the names and places of abode of the Jeutrd perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing; and of toe wU-neffes that can prove Juck debts or contrails, [if any fuch there be j] and that neither I, nor any perfons in trujl for me, is or are fiifid of any real (ft ate, in pojfejfion, reverfton, or remainder, or expeflaney, er of any perjondl eflate of any kind whatfoever, other than what are in the faid Jchedule contained; except my wearing apparel, and bedding for rnyfelf and family, my working tools, and neceffary implements forney occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding forty y	Jhillings,	and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds ;

and that I have not, direllly or indirectly, fold, lejfened, or otherwife conveyed, difpofed of in trujl, or concealed, all or any part of my reed eflate, money, goods, chattels, flocks, debts, fecurities, controls, or per final ejlate whatfoever, whereby to fecure the fame,fo as to reubvo or expeft any profit or advantage therefrom to myfilf or family, or with any view, intent, or defign, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom 1 am indebted in any-wife bowfiever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their refpeftive debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitives ar- XXVII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That if .any fitgi-retted, intend- tivc intending tofurrender to the terms of this a6\, (h?dl, within dcg ^nthied*1 *Pace	mentioned	of	fourteen	days,	be	arrefted	in	any

to^he benefit ^ or a<^on> which caufe of a&ion accrued before the faid at this a&.	twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and

feventy-fix, fuch fugitive giving notice (as before dire&ed,) to any juftice of the peace at the next general quarter feffions, and hi all other fefpefts complying with the terms and conditions of this aCt, (hall be intitled to the benefit of the fame; and every (heriff, bail#F, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prifon, in whole euftody fuch fugitive (hall be detained, (hall conform him or thcmfelves to the directions of this aCt, in like manner as before mentioned.

XXVIII. And whereas a great number of commijfion and warrant officers, in his Maiefly's fea and land fervice, * who, through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themfelves in debt (and many of them, through neceffity, have taken up 'money on terms very difadvantageons to thcmfelves, tending to haften their ruin) are now unable, though willing; to ferve their King and country, becaufe, to avoid the difgrace and Jhame of a prifon, they have taken Jhclter in privileged plates, and ionrtot come forth without danger of being immediately arrefted, or have been thrown into prifon, without hopes of being releajed by any dif charge of their debts, and are therefore become ufilefs and d heavy

bur*

Digitized by L,ooQle

*35

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Gborgii III. c. 38.

burthen, tnjlead'of being ferviceable to the Jlate: and whereas thanycf them are not under the defcription of thofe perfons who can take benefit by the prcviftons of this aft, without Jome extenfion thereof, yet are very proper objects of fucb relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enadted, That all and every commiffion or war- Any commit* rant officer br officers, in his Majefty’s fea or land ferwee, now f*^n orj**r-upon the full or half-pay lift, who (hall, on or before the twenty-forth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, rcncjer him-" funrender himfelf or themfejves to the gaoler or keeper of any of iclt, asbhere-his Majefty’s prifons, in fuch manner as is herein ditedied for »n directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this ad, and who (hall, fubfequent thereto, conform thetnfelves in all refpe&s to the like terms and condi- (had be inri-tions preferibed to fuch fugitive debtors, (except as to fo much tied to the be-of the oath required to be tiken by them, as declares that fuch °f ^ debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did furrendcr within fourteen days after their return j) inftead whereof, every fuch debtor (hall fwear, that he did, on or before the twenty-forth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix,

[as the cafe maybe] furrendef himfelf to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of	[infert	the name of the prifon]

and who Aall, in all other refpe&s, take the fame oath as every foch fugitiVedebtor is required to do, (hall be deemed and taken to be a ptfioher or prifoners within the true meaning of this a£t9 and be iritftled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and pur-pofcs whatfoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, or his deputy or Gaoler, or deputies, (hall, without juft caufe, to be approved of by the jufticci at feme general quarter feflion of the peace, or adjourn- no^omplyine men? thereof, within their refpedHve jurifdidtions, refufe or delay with the re-to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid to any fuch gubtions of general quarter feffion, or fome adjournment thereof, in order	to

to his or her difeharge; or (hall neglect, refufe, or defignedly forJach0of-* omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any fuch fence, with ' prifoner or prifoners who was or were actually in cuftody in his treble cofts. or their refpedlive gaol or prifon, on the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, or iince; or (hall negledl or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver, fuch lifts as aforefaid 5 or if any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negledl or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (haJl, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, take or receive more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; or (hall detain any fuch prifoner after he or (he fnall be difeharged as aforefaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newfpaper, as	'

aforefaid, (hall wilfully refufe or negledl to infert therein the notice by this adl directed to be given, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby

diredt-

\

Digitized by

Goo< ,e

^l6	Anno decimo fcxto Gborgii III. c.38. £1776.

f ' difeded to be paid; or (hall take or receive any fee pr gratuity more than two-pence as aforefaid for doing thereof; every fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and .every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in any fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds; which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or informa-tion, in any of the courts of record at Wejlminjhr% wherein no . efloin, protedion, or wager of latf, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXX.	And'be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Gaoler con- That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any yi&ed of per- deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the jury, to tofefc aforementioned oaths, forfwear or perjure himfelf, and (hall StfL UU t^crco^ lawfully convided, fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed *	0	gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon or prifons, (over and above/uch

penalties as may be inflided on perfons convicted of peijury,) Ihall, upon every fuch convi&ion, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full cods, by bill, plaint, or information, or sdion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts . of record at IVeJlminfter, wherein no efloin, protedion, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch perfonor perfons, his and their executors and adminiflrators, to whom any aflignment or conveyance, in purfuance of this ad, (hall be made, of the eftate and effeds of fuch prifoner pr prifoner* ;,and if no fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall fue for the Application of faid penalties; to be applied, one moiety to the informer or the penalty, informers, and the other moiety towards fatisfadion of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors.

Clerk of the XXXI. And be it further enaded. That if any clerk of the peace refilling peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, ox other officer ading as a pjifoner a c|erk Qf the peace, mall delay or refufe to give every or any fuch ffifcharce	prifoner fo difeharged as aforefaid, within fourteen days. ?fter

1	** *	his or her difeharge, a copy of the order of his or her difeharge,

or taking ex-	on the payment of two (hillings and (ixpence; or (hall take

orbitant fees, more than the fum of two (hillings and (ixpence for fuch copy;

or (hall take more than one (hilling for an aflignment or con-(hall forfeit	veyance of fuch prifoner’s eftate or effeds; every fuqh clerk of

*oi. to the	the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading

prifoner.	as c)erk Qf t|ic peace, who (hall fo offend, and who (hall becop-

vided at any fuch general or quarter (eflion of the peace, or.any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace at any fuch general quarter feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, Ihall order; and who are hereby impowered to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading as derk of the peace, fo offending. '	-

XXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

(aidf

Digitized by v^ooQle

1776-]	Anno deqirpo fextt) Georgii III, c. 38. 237

laid. That if any prifoner as aforefaid, or any other perfon or prifener, *«. pcrfons who (hall ,take the benefit .of this ad, (hall forfwear or cenwfted of perjure hirafdf, herfelf, or theqifclvcs, in any oath to be taken PcQury»to uodcr this ad, and (hall be lawfully convided thereof, he, (he,	*

or they, fo offending, (hall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer as fuch, without benefit of clergy.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon to be difcfiarged by this dd (hall, at any Perfon* dif-time hereafter, be imprifpned by reafon of any judgement or ch?r^ bf decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, J^bkio damages, contempts, cofts, fum or fums of money, contradcd, prHonmentfo* incurred, occafioned, owing or growing due, before the faid debt*, &c. twenty-fecond day of 'January, one thouland fcven hundred and contra&ed be-feventy-fix; but that Upon every arreft, upon every judgement, for*

or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts, cofts, 177 * fum end fums of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs ifiued, upon (hewing the copy of the order of fuch priioner’s difeharge or difebarges, to releafe-and difeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; and (hall, stf the fame time, order (he plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch fuit or fuits, to pay foch prifoner or prifoners the cofts, he, lhe, or they, (hall have incurred on fuch occafion, or (a much thereof as to fuch judge (hall fettn juft and reafon* able; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered fo to do 00 fuch prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be entered for him in every fuch adion and fuit.

XXXIV.	And whereas^ under former a&s of this kind, doubts have arifen, what was to be done with fuch prifoners who applied at any fejfion to be difcharged% who owed and Jlood charged with i$bt$% as well previous as fubfequent to the day limited by the refpeftivt alts $ to remedy which ^ be it therefore eqaded by the authority afore-

laid, That no prifoner or prifoners lhail be difcharged of any Bat no pri-debts fubfequent to the twenty-fecond day of January, one (oner to be thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fi* j and if it fiiall appear difcharged or to thejuftices, in any feflion or adjournment, that any prifoner qucntUier^a. or prifoners, (hen applying to them to be difeharged, (hall (land 4 charged as well with debts previous to as fubfequent to the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy.fix»chat in fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices to difeharge him or her of all debts previous to the laid yvcnty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and to remand him or her back to the cuftody of lhe keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he was brought, far all debts with which he or (he (lands charged with in his cuftbdy,, fubfequent to the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix.

XXXV.	And^ be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any adion of efcape, or any fuit or adion, be Juftices, kc* brought againft any juftice or juftices of the peace, (h'eriff, i»aypfcAd tbit gaoler, or keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in c°an* ac“

. purfuance of this ad, they may plead the general iflue, and give Ig^tt mc/a.

this

Digitized by

Google

/

ij8	Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c.38;	[	1776.

and recover this ad in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited or difcon-trcblc cofts. tinue his action, or verdid pafs againft him, or judgement upaa demurrer, the defendant (half have treble cofts.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-Perfons dif- faid. That if any Scire Facias, or adion of debt, or upon judge-charged may ment, (hall be brought againft any prifOner, his or her heirs, SKIT*; cxecTrs’ or aditiiniftrators, upon any judgement obtained aH actions or aga^n^ any fuch prifoner, or. on any ftatute or recognizance ac-judgements knowledged by him or her, before the faid twenty-fecond day brought of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, with Worf/an”1 refpc& t0 prifoncrs in adual cuftody, or with refped to debtors the Teas, as aforefaid; upon the faid twenty-fecond day ,	'	of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, it fhafi

be lawful for any fuch prifoner, his or'her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch prifoner was a&tiaHy a prifoner in fuch prifon.at fuch a perfon’s fuit, or was or were v ’ beyond the feas in foreign parts on the (aid twenty-fecond day <of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and was or were duly difcharged according to this aft, at the general quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, held at fuch time and -*	place, for fuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or

place, (as his, her, or their cafe is,) without pleading any matter and In other fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or adion (hall be com-luits may menced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum or ch^eVh"* fums of money, due before the faid twenty-fecond day of Ja-perftms°fromF marJ* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, to plead in execution. difeharge of his or her perfon from execution, (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid,) that fuch debt or fum of money, (as the cafe (hall happen) was contraded or due before the faid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, without pleading any other matter efpecially; Plaintiff may whereto the plaintiff (hall or may reply generally, and deny the reply gene- matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing tally, &c, “which maythew the faid defendant not to be intitled to the benefit of this ad, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe^the defendant had pleaded this aft, and his difeharge, by virtue of this but if non- ad, fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difeontinue his fuited, to pay adion, or verdid paf9 againft him, or judgement on demurrer, treble cofts. the defendant to have treble cofts.

Attorniesor XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in thisp**tcon-fervantsem- tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to relea^rdjt dif-c^arSe any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other ffcrfon or eluded th^be- Pcr^ons adiog or pretending to ad as fuch, with regard to any ir tit of this debt with which he or they (hall ftand charged for any money, or other effeds, recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons ading as ,	fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own

ufe; or to releafe or difeharge any fervant or agent, or any per,, fon or perfons employed or intruded as fuch, with, regard to any

debt

L

Digitized by v^rOOQle

17 7*>.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 38.	239

debt or demand, with which he, (he, or they (hall (land charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or po(Te(Ted by him, her, or them, for the ufe and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contras thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And whereas many evil-difpofed perfons* to fupport their profligate way of life* have* by various fubtle flratagems* threats, and devices* fraudulently obtained divers fums of money, goods* wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange* promijfory notes* or other fecu~ rities for money* to the great injury of induflrious families* and to the

manifeft prejudice.of trade and credit; be it ena&ed, That no pri- Perfoni who foner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence or pre-	pre-

tences, (hall have obtained from any perfon or perfons, money, JJSedmo-goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promif- nty9 goods, lory notes, or other fecurities for money, (hall have or receive &c. excluded any benefit or difeharge by or under this a6k; but the juftices,tb? bwefit of at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjourn-thu aa* ment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoner (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfa&ion, (hall remand fuch prifoner to the cuttody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he (hall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And whereas many debtors have* with a view to defraud their creditors* fold* transferred* conveyed* or affigned their eflate and effefts to fome perfon or perfons* fubjequent to their being in cuflody of law* or imprifoned under fome procejs for debt: and whereas fuch [ale* transfer* conveyance* or alignment* has been frequently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honefl creditor* though fufficient prof could not be obtained to convift the party of a fraudulent deftgn;

be it enaded, That whenever it (hall be provea by one or more Any perfon credible witnefs or witnefles, to the fatisfadion or the court, to haying fold o* which any prifoner (hall be brought up, in order to obtain hisa^|”efd^F or her difeharge, that fuch prifoner has fold, transferred', con- eftate or ef-veyed, or afligned, to any perfon or perfons, all or any part of feds, after be-his eftate or effects, fubfequent to the time of his impri(onment,in.ghicuftody, or of his being in cuttody of law, without juft caufe for fo doing, J^fraudhU10 to be allowed by the juftices presiding in fuch court as aforefaid; creditors, every fuch prifoner (hall lofe all the benefits and advantages that (hall lof$ the he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this ad, benefit	t*“r

and (hall not be intitled to his or her difeharge.	a<ft‘

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Gaoler to per-That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon (hall, and is hereby mit the fpeak-requlred to fufFer, in the day-time, any gerfon or perfons defir- [oVrif^ersl* ing the fanje, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome convenient *hofe names room of the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whofe are inferted in names are inferted in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or I<ondon llrt* °*! Gazette* or other newfpaper, or any of them, or any perfons Ga^*tc* furrendering themfelves purfuant to this ad $ and alfo fee, in mining origji-the true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made n^\ hooks of

of entries, &c.

34o

ofifijit.

Anno decimo fexto Georoii HI. c. jff. [17769

of the name or names of fuch prifoner or prifoners, together with the name or names of the j>erfon or perfons, at whofe fuit on penalty of or fiiits he, fhe, or they* arc detained: and if any fuch gaoler or with colls keeper (hall negled or refufe to comply with what is here above required, every fuch gaoler or keeper, who (hall fo offend m the premifes, (hall Forfeit and pay, to the perfon fo refufed and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Wejlminjlei*, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and* aggrieved,

XLI. And whereas feveralperfons9 who have talen the benefit of efts of infolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet ihemfelves up in their ujual trades and occupations, (as their future effefts have been made liable to tbeir debts previous thereto) have gone abroad for the better maintenance of tbemfdves and families^ carrying the arts and manufaftures of this country to our enemies, or rivals jit trade: in order to prevent fuch evil for the future, be it enabled. That the future real eftates, as well freehold and copyhold, as cuftomary copyhold, or money in the funds, or lent upon real fecurity only, of every fuch perfon or perfons, prifoner or pri-notwithltand- foners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or tng their per- their total furrender of his, her, or their eftates and effects, ki vnc*er ft*0*1 a<^s> be, (he, or they,’ (hall or may be feifed of, in ^editors * bis> her, or their own rigbt or u^e> by grant, demife, or pur-1 chafe, (hall remain and be liable to his, her, and their refpeclive who may fue creditors, as before the making of this ad 5 and any creditor or out execution, creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, butnot again it ma^ at any tjmc hereafterj fue out execution, extents, or other

Prifoners fu. Cure eftates, or money in the funds.

their perfons, or perfooal cffcCts,' &c.

procefs, againft fuch real eftate or money in the funds as afore-faid, of fuch perfon or perfons, on any judgement at the time of fuch difeharge recovered, or ftatute-ftaple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or decree obtained againft, any fuch prifoner or fugitive, but not againft his, her, or their perfon, or his, her, or their perfonal eftate or effects, except money in the funds obtained or accrued (ince fuch time of fuch difebarge, other than as aforefaid.

XLII. And be it alfo enacted. That any creditor or creditors of any prifoher or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, who (hall be difeharged under this ad, may, at any time after any fuch dif-

________ _ charge, commence and profecute any adion or fuit againft any

prifqner’sif- fuch prifoner or fugitive, his, her, or their refpeclive heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the recovery of any fum or but not hold fums °f money which (hall be due from any fuch prifoner or tbe prifoner to prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or tbeir faid’ Ipeatel bail, difeharge, but (hall not hold the perfon of any fuch prifoner or wor take hk fugitive to fpecial bail; nor (hall take the perfon, or perfonal ^ e^atc afK* c tfeds, other than as aforefaid, of any fuch prifoner went recover- w fugitive, in execution, by any judgement, fentence, or decree, ed againft him. which (hall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered or obtained

Creditors may foe for the recovery of debts due at the time of

Digitized by Google

*41

17^6.] . Awio jdecicao fcxto Georgii III. C.38. tained agairift any fuch prifoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of which fuch execution (hall iffue, (hall have power to difcharge the fame by virtue of this ad : and, in any No advantage adion or fuit, which (hall be hereafter commenced againft any to be taken of fuch prifoner or fugitive, his or her heirs, executors, or admini- fhc caufe of flrators, no benefit or advantage (hall be had or taken for; that croi^^itbhi the caufe of adion did not accrue within three years next before*5 yean, &c. the commencing of any fuch adion or fuit; nor (hall any ftatute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any fuch adion or fuit, which (hall be hereafter commenced Dy any fuch creditor or creditors againft any fuch prifoner or prifoners, unlefs fuch caufe of adion or fuit did not Exception* accrue within three years next before any fuch prifoner or fugitive (hall be difcharged under this ad; and, in any fuch cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs* executors, or adminiftrators.

'XLIII. Provided always* and be it likewife enaded, That by Difcharge of the difcharge of any prifoner or fugitive by force j>{ this ad, no prifoner no other perfon or perfons who was or were partner or partners in Ji?Mrtii»or trade with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, at the time of his or tarcucu her difcharge under this ad, or then ftood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, or engaged in any coritrad together with any fuch pri* foner or fugitive, (hall be difcharged from any fuch debt or demand ; burevery fuch other perfon and perfons (hall feverally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuch contrads, in like manner as ify any fuch prifoner or fugitive had never been difcharged from the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That if any gaoler or Gaoler mak~ keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, ing ftlfc en-fhall make, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any hook RT^011 or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care or Jofo^tgooL which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or caufe to with trehle be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any cods, falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or (hall in-fert in any lift, to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any perfon or perfons who was not a prifoner or prifoners in adual cuftody in any Juch gaol or prifon upon the faid twenty-fccond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, or (hall not have ever fince remained in fuch adual cuftody,

(except as in the oath of any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted,) every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay thefum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble cofts of fait, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of any perfon or perfons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or fuch falfe entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfttr, wherein no efloin, protedion.

or

Digitized by

24*:	Anno decimo fcxto GeorgiI III. C. 38. [i776.

or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be

allowed.

Fcrfons refu- XLV. And be it further enadted, Thit if any prifoner, being to declare thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refufe to difcover and the abode, .&c. decjare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or Jaft place of at who?c fuit	perfon or perfons at whofe foit he or (he is de-

be it detain- tained or charged in cuftody ; or being called for and deiired, cd,&c. by any creditor or creditors, ‘to come to the lodge of the prifon in which any fuch prifoner ihall be confined, without fome rea-tob< excluded fonabie caufe being made appear to the contrary; every fuch the benefit of prifoner, upon proof being made thereof before the juftice* at this aft. any general or quatter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the refpefiive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancafter, and Durham, which faid counties are each of them divided into federal ridings or diviftons, all which have fever a I commi//ions of the peace; and if the gaolers of thofe gaols be obliged to carry the debt or r, prifoners therein, to the quarter fejfton of each riding or divifion9 the fame will be a very great charge, not only to fuch gaolers, but alfo to the pri-foners in thofe largt counties; be it therefore enadted by the autho-Jufttce# may rity aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for two or more afTemble ator juftices of the peace for any of the ridings or divifions in the re-near any fp-dtive counties, (or any other county or counties where the android3# ’ P^^ons are at a diftance from the place where the feflions are fcffion there held,) at the common or county gaol thereof refpcdtivdly, or at tor difeharge fome convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required of prifoners. to afTemble and meet, and to holdf feflion there, by adjournment from their refpedtive quarter feflion, from time to time, for the difeharge of the refpedtive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adt.

XLVII. And whereas the next general quarter feffwns of the peace . for the county of Surrey, which fhall happen after the paffng of this aft? may be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the faid prifons; be it therefore enadted by, the authority afore-Juftices for the faid. That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch iuftices as fhall county of he aflembled at the general quarter feflion of the peace to be Surrey may af holdcn for the county of Surrey, next after the pafling of this town hallo/ a(^» anc* fhcy arc hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid South*at kfor feflion to the town-hall in the borough of Southwark, for the adminiftering purpofe of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and oaths,Sec.	fobfcribod by this adt, by the feveral gaolers within the faid

county wherein any prifoner or prifoners are confined, and to r the difeharging fuch refpedtive prifoner or prifoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of \ this adt.

XLV III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, eleke^in ° ^at all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before cuftody for the laid twenty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred

Digitized by LjOOQle

177&]	Anno decimo fexto GeoroiiIII. c.38*	243

deed and fevenry-fix, or fince, in any of the gaol$ of this king- payment for dbm, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or Jees, &e. to other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or, gaoler bediiehargeif# of apy prifon refpeftively, or to any other officer of fuch prifon, and upon no other account, (hall be difeharged therefrom, he,

(he, or they, taking the oath by this aft required to be taken by pri/oners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further eoafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall not extend or be con- This aft not (trued to extend, to difeharge any perfon out of prifon, feeking to extend to his or her difeharge under this aft, with refpedt to any debt or dcbtors to tb* penalty with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the fuit of crofmj the crown, or a$ the fuit of any (heriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted for any offence committed againft any aft or afts of parliament relative to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, ex-cife, or fait duties, or either of them.

L. Provided alfo. That this aft (hall not extend to difeharge nor to prifon* any perfon out of prifon, feeking his or her difeharge under this ei* who owe aft, who (hall be charged by any body politick or corporate, or more than ^ by apy one perfon, on or before the laid twenty-fecond day of unltft January, one thoufand fevep hundred and feventy-fix, in ^any (bch crcduor fum exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds, befides intereft confent. and cofts, and whofe difeharge (hall be ip court oppofed by fuch body politick or corporate, or one perfon. (except; fuch perfon Exception* qr perions who (hall have been bound in lecurity for any other perfon or perfons to a larger amount, and it (hall appear, to the fathfaftion of the court, that fuch perfon or perfons fo bound, or giving, or joining in, fuch fecurity, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own proper and feparate ufe or benefit, any part of the fum or fums of money fo due and owing as aforefaid:) and if any fuch body politick or corporate, creditor Creditor op-or creditors, to whom a fum exceeding one thoufand pounds pofing prifon* (hall be owing, (hall oppofe the difeharge of fuch prifoner, cr’s difeharge, (except as aforefaid,) and (hall infift that fuch prifoner be con-tinned in gaol 3 that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch body politick weeks P or corporate, or creditor or creditors, oppofing the faid prifoner’s difeharge as aforefaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper cofts and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, fuch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not exceeding four (hillings, nor lefs than three (hillings and fixpence per week, in fuch manner as the faid juftices, in their general quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, (hall prder; and, upon non-payment of the fame for and on non. thefpaeeof two weeks, the faid prifoner, upon application to paymei^for * the laid juftices in their general quarter feffion, held as afore- p"f0nertobe (aid, (ball be difeharged, purfuant to the intent and meaning of difcbargtd'

ISt aft.

l#I. And whereas, under former afls, creditors have been put to great expenses and trouble in attending every fejfton and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the aft, to oppofe the difeharge of prifoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the faid refpefiive Vo*. XXXI.	S	atts.

Google



his diftnarge.

Juftices, on ptoof by two witnefles of objections being removed. See. may dif-ctiarge fuch prifoner.

244	Aimo	dccimo fexto Georgii III. c. 38.	[1776.

alls, but who, after having been before one fejfion heard, and refvfei a difeharge, to harrafs their creditors, conftantly gave frejb notices far each fubfe</uent feffion and adjournment of their intended application to be difeharged; to remedy which, be it further enadted by the’ . Determina- authority aforefaid, That in all cafes whatever, the determination of juiticcs tion of the juftices in feftion or adjournment (halt be final to all wiuf	*ntents and purpofes, unlefs the prifoner (hall, during the con-

tothe'men-- tinuance of this adt, get rid of the objection or objedtions, for non of any	which they refufed his difeharge; and, that the fame maybe

pcifonei i	clear and certain, the juftices are hereby required/to ftate the

nnlefs the pti-objedtions why fuch prifoner’s difeharge is refufed by them; loner get nd an(j9 jn au cafes whatever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for Tion^fo°rwhich x^c ju^^’ces> at any fobfequent feffion or adjournment, upon ap-they refufed plication from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnefles, (which oath they are hereby im powered to adminifter,) of each objection or objedtions being removed, and on proof of notice, ferved, at lead ten days previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difeharge, and of notice likewife inferted in the Gazette, in manner before diredted by this adt, to order fuch prifoner to be brought before them, and, if they (hall then be of opinion the faid prifoner is intitled to the benefit of this ad, to order him to be difeharged, he taking the oath, and in all other rcfpedU conforming to the dire&ions of this ad.

No fugitive to LII. Provided always. That every fugitive or fugitives, in-obtain a dif- titled, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this adt, (hall obtain charge after	rcfpedkive	difeharges	on	or.	before the firft day of Augufi,

Ufi’ **177 * one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight, or (hall be excluded from all benefit of this ad.

LI II. And whereas it may happen that feveral perfons, who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this alt, are feifed of an efiate tail, in feme freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they' have, by law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuffer* vig a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrendtr or fur-renders thereof, whereby fuch perfon or perfons faid freehold or copy-hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this alt, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enadted by the Prrfows feifed authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo feifed as aforefaid, and who (hall be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this ad, (hall, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee: provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had actually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery, or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any law, or conftrudion of law, to the contrary thereQf* in any-wife not-"withftanding.

of an eftajg tail, claiming tive benefit of ibis &£t, are to cMivtr up tin* fa ne to ci editors.

Digitized by

Google

1776	] Anno decimo fcxto GeoKgii III. c. 38.	245

LTV» And whereas many perfins who may take the benefit of this have been great dealers, or otherwifi engaged'in large tranfaftions, whereby they may be ini it led to fundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may de intitled to equities of , redemption of ejlates, fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders, or other contingent, ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trujls or in-	'

terefts in ejlates, both real and perfinal, which may not be JuJficicntly deftribed or difcovered in the fhedule, or inventory, before dire tied to be delivered in, upon oath,.as aforefaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, Afllgneesmay That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedtive ®pply for fur-• affignees of the eftate and cffedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners 1 . exajpi-who (ball obtain his, her, or their difeharge, in purfuance of foneratouckr this aft,.or any other perfon or perfons, duly authorifed by them log the differ that purpofe, from time to time, to apply to any twb or covery of their more of'the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, i city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be then redding, thereby defiring that fuch perfon or perfons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftate or effedts ;• whereupon fuch juftices (hall and juftices fend for, or call before them, fuch perfon or perfons, by fuch may f<end for warrant, fummons, ways, or means, as they (hall think ^ I fhem*icwrd* and, upon fuch perfon’s appearing, (hall examine him, her, or fag\y. them, as well upon oath as otherwife, as to fuch matters and things, as fuch afiignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effects of fuch perfon or perfons j and if any perfon or perfons Perfons refuf-(on payment, or tender of payment, of fuch reafonable charges ing to appear, as fu;h juftices (hall jude;e fufficient) (hall negledt or refufe to or anfwcf* come and appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be made know/i ^r't^cooi-to fuch juftices, and by them allowed, or, being come before mitted. them, (hall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, or thenv relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effedts, fo vefted, or intended to be vefted, in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, or in fuch affignees as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall fubmit him, her, or themfelves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer up-oo oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall, by fuch juftices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purpofes aforefaid.

LV. And be it further enadled by the authorityi aforefaid.

That all and every fuch perfon and perfons, who (ball, within *°1. per Cent, twelve months after the difeharge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, voluntarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch Victon*!**** debtor or debtors real or perfonal eftate, as (hall not be com- months, any prifed in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, part of a pri*

Si	(hall

Google

146	Anno	decrmo	fexto	GeoRGII	HI.	C.j9.	[1776.

(oner’s eftate (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per Centum, out iio* cemented pf the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate which (hall clule*5 fChC~ ^e reCovfered on fuch difeovery, and which (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons to difeovering the fame, by the affignee or afiigrfees of fuch prifoner’* eftate and effeAs.

Difchargeob- LV1. Provided always, and be k if ena&ed, That notwith-wiued fraudu- (landing the discharge of any prifoner or prifoners by virtue of icnrly, void. t^s a(c^ jf *t ^ajj hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch prifoner was not true; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch difeharge (hall be void, and of none ^	#LV1I.	And)	ftr	the	better	difeovery	of the ejlate and effedh of any

prifoner who Jball be difeharged by virtue qf this aft, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That any perfon or perfons who (hall have accepted of any truft or trufts, and (hall wilfully conceal or protect any e^ate, real or perfonal, of any fuch prifoner, from his.creditors, and (hall not, within thirty days after any af&gnee ieit 100L and or aflignees (hall, in purfuance of this a&, be cbofe of any fuch ^itUhbt%Vblele, Pr^orjeif,s difeover and d.ifclofe to fuch affignee or aflignees

Perfon* concealing any ettare or effete, of the prifoner for-

colts offbit.

fuch truft and eftate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch affignee or aflignees, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall, for every fu?h offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe of the creditors of any fuch prifoner; to be recovered by adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfter, in the name or names of the aflignec or aflignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

LVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful, at all times hereafter, for any affignee or aflignees, of the eftate or effe6ls of any prifoner or prifoners, who (hall be chofe in purfuance of this a<ft, by and with the confent of the major part in value of fuch prifoner or prifoners creditors, who (hall be prefent at a meeting, to be held on compound for twenty-one days publick notice being previoufly given for the A A"m purpofe hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the prifoner was in cuftody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then alfo in fome newfpaper, which (hall be publilhed in the county, city, or place, in or near which any fuch perfon (hall have been in gaol, to make compofition with any perfon or perfons, debtors, or accountants, to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame (hall appear neceflary or rcafon-able; and to take fuch reafonable part of any fuch debt as can, upon foch compofition, be gotten in full difeharge of fuch debts and accounts, and alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuel) affignee or aflignees, and any perfon or perfons for 'or on account, or by reafon or means 01 any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to fuch prifoner or prifoners eftate and effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from fuch priioner or prifoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chofcn by the faid affignee or aflignees, and the

major

Aflignees,

with confent of the majority in value of the creditors, may

debts due to the prifoner's •ltaie;

and imy fub-m t any dif-p •* * rearing t f > arbitration $

Digitized by

Google

447

1776k] Anno derimo fatto GRorqii III. c.38:

major part In value of fdch creditors, and the party or parties With whom they fhall hav* no diffidence; and to perform th« award of fuch arbitrators; or of any umpire to be chdfen by them, or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference or difputc between them, in fuch manner as the faid affignee or sflignees, with fuch content as aforefaid, (hall think fit and can agree; and the fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and every fuch affignce or affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall fairly do in the pre* mifes, in purfuance of this aft.

LIX. And whereas, under former a bis of this nature, no previfio* was ever made as to ivhat Jbould become of the effete and efftfls of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any afp.gnee or affignees chofe pkrfuant to the directions of the feveral a bis, at the tune of bis or their death or deaths, ini tobofe heir or heirs, executors, admihifiranrs, and affigns, refufed to aft or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it efiadted. That irt all fuch cafes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the creditors of every ftich prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chute a new affignee or affignees in manner and form as hereinbefore rs directed, and to obtain a new affignment from the derk of the peace, or his deputy, town derk, or other office* idling as clerk of the peace, purfuant to the order of the juftices, and which faid order the faid juftices are hereby required and Im-powered to direft, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch former affignee or affignees, and refufal of his or thrir heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, to aft or meddle therein ;) and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting as derk of the peace, are hereby impowered to obey the fame, fand execute fuch affignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affignment had ever been made; the faid affignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this aft, relative to them or any of them ; and to he liable to all fuch pains and penalties as are inflifted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this aft, for difolvedicnce in any part thereof, or negleft of duty wlurtCver; and in Cafe any fuch affignee or affignees fhall die, and his heirs, executors, admini-ftrators, or afitgns, (ball refute to aft, that then, and in fuch ctfc, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftkeS of the peace to appoint a new affignee or affignees, with the like powers and authorities IS are given by this aft; and the faid juftices fhdl have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of fuch affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all fuch eftate and effefts as fhall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this aft.

LX. And, to the intent and purpofe that the ejiate and effebls of fuch prifoner or prifoners as fhall be difeharged by virtue of this art may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* That it

S 3	fhall

If affignees die before the eftefts of the prifoners are got in, and their heirs,

&c. refufe to aft, other affignees to be appointed,

and creditors to obtain a new affignment from the clerk of the peace, which the jultices are to direft. Clerk of the peace to obey tneOlder, as it no affign' mtnr hadDocn luoae.

A (Tig nee t complained agamft for intufHciency, fraud, mif-

behaviour ;

the coijrt thereupon is to fuinmon

think fit.

Anno dccimo fexto GeoRgii III. c. 38.	[1776*

<haH and may be lawful to artd for the refpedtive courts at Weft-minjler* and the courts of great feflions in Wales* and the principality of Ckejier, and the Counties palatine of Lancafler and Durham, refpe&ively, from whence any procefs iflued upon management, which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was or Were committed; or other mif- or where the procefs iflued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feflions aforefaid, within their refpe#ivc jurifdidions, or any one of them, from time to time/upon the petition of any fuch prifoner, or thp creditor or creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners, complaining of any infufliciency, fraud, mi (management, or other milbehaviour of any aflignee or affig-nees of the eftate or effedts of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, to fummon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and dire&ions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fucli aflignee or and makefuch affisnecs» and appointing any new aflignee or aflignees, in tbe orders therein place or ftead of fuch aflignee or aflignees fo to be removed or they (hall difplaced, or for the prudent, juft, or equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effedte of any fuch prifoner for the benefit of the refpetfive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpesftively (hall think fit 5 and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any aflignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any new aflignee or aflignees, the eftate or ieffe<fts of fuch prifoner or prifoners foal), from thenceforth, be diverted put of the aflignee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced* and be verted in, and delivered over to, fuch new aflign.ee or aflignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes, as the fame were, before vefted in the aflignee or aflignees firft chofe as aforefaid; any thing ip this a<5* contained to the contrary i)Qt-withftandmg.

LXI. Provided always, and bp it enafted by th.e authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given between any prifoner or prifoners who foall be difeharged in purfuance of this a61, and any other perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the eftate and effects of fuch prifoner or prifoners, upon oath as aforefaid, the refpedive aflignee and aflignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his ant) their parfs, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other .party or parties concerned; and nothing more foall be deemed to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, or fuch aflignee or aflignees under fuch clerk of thp peace, town jelerk, or other officer affiqg as clerk of the peace, as the eftate pr effects of fuch prifoner or prifonprs, than what foall appear* to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpe&ively, as and for the balance of fuch account, when truly ftated.

LX 11. And whereas many perfons are often committed on attach-merits for contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

Wheye mutual credit has been given, the balance to be It a red and allowed.

Perfon* committed for not paying money

swiivietl uq	fubmij/ions	to arbitrators by rules of o,r unfar fubmijfios	ty

i	'

Digitized by v^ooQle

177&] Anno dccimo fexto Georgii III. c. 38-	249

arbitration bonds, and which fubmiffitns have been made rules of courts der fubmif-in purfuance of an a&y paffed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign taarbi-of William the Thirds for determining differences by arbitration;tratlon > and liieujije for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and and for not allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that paying cotts, purpofe; and alfo upon any writ 0/Excommunicato Capiendo, or other procefs fory or grounded on, the non-payment of cojls or expences in any caufe or proceeding in any eulefajlical court, or for any con-tempt to Juch court, it is hereby declared and enafted, That all are intitled to fiich perfons are and (hall be intitled to the benefit of this aft, the benefit of on being fubjeft to the fame terms and conditions as are herein th“ exprefled and declared with refpeft to prifoners for debt only.

LXIII. And whereas great numbers of poor people hove been and are now imprifoned for debt, upon proceffey iffuing out of courts f/*prifoners up-confcience ; it is hereby enafted and declared, That all fuch pri- on proccf* P" foners (hall be intitled to have the benefit of this aft, and be out of courts difeharged under the fame, provided hef (he, or they, conform of conference, to the directions herein-before preferibed, touching other pri- {^^cfiVofUii* foners wjio (hall be difehargedby virtue of this aft.	a^n#

LXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That in all cafes wherein by this aft an oath is required, the Quaker's af-folemn affirmation of any perfon, being a quaker, (hall and may firmation to be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfon mak- J?c taISen m ing fuch affirmation, who (hall be convifted of wilful and falfe aa affirming, (hall incar and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are infilled and impofed by this aft upon perfons convifted of y wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon who ^iall have taken the Perfons who benefit of any aft heretofore paffed for the relief of infolvent have taken the debtors, within the fpace of eight years laft paft, (hall have or ot receive any benefit or advantage of or under this aft, nor deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to years, ex* be difeharged under the fame; any thine herein-before contain- eluded trooi ed to the contrary notwithftanding; unlefs fuch perfon (hall be this aft : willing to ferve, and (hall ^ftually enter himfelf to ferve, on Exception, board fome one of his Majefty’s (hips of war, for the term of iieven years, or ihall inlift as a foldier in fome of his Majefty's land forces.

LXVI. And be it further enafted. That when any prifoner, vpho may have taken the benefit of*any infolvent aft within the Prifoners who fpzQt of eight years laft paft, (hall under this aft apply for his have taken difeharge, every fuch prifoner (hall produce to the court (to a^dftiau'a^ which he (hall make application for fuch difeharge) a certificate pjy in writing, (igned by an officer properly authored to engage or charge under enlift men for his Majefty's fea or land fervice [as the cafe may be,] this aft, to fetting forth that he was on the	day	of	*	rour^rcer^

| infert the date] engaged or inlifted [as the cafi may be] to ferve tificate, frgned as a mariner or foldier in his Majefty’s fea or land fervice, by a proper which certificate (hall be attefted by one or more credible wit- officer* fet-n$fs or witnefles; and in cafe fuch certificate (hall not be pro- l>ng forth that

S4	duced,they ate ,n‘

*5°

lifted to ferve Ins Majefty, Ac.

This aft not to extend to Scotland.

Claufe of relief for bankrupts, who hive not obtained certificate! and dif-charge of their debts.

Anno decimo fexto (jEorgii III. C.38.	[1776.

duccd, or (hall not be property authenticated In manner afore* faid, to the fatisfaftion of the juftices before whdiln atiy (tach prifoner (hall be brought’, he mall be remanded back to the prifon from whence he came, there to remain till he (hall hm fully complied with the directions aforefaid, or (hall by Other legal means‘fooner obtain his difeharge. ^

LXVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby Cnafled, That notWflt in this aCt contained (hall extend to that part of XSrtat Brhdm called Scotland.

LX VIII. Jnd whereas bankrupts who have not obtained their certificates and difeharge of their debts, under fame one of the ofrs relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning ef efts 0] infolOency, as fuch bankrupts have no fchedules to deliver up according to the terms and conditions of fuch acts nevertbilefs, ds many bankrupts are confined in prifion for debt only, though they have already delivered up their Whole ejlatcs and effefts, or, from a fear Of being arrrfied and thrown into prtfoti, are frequently induced to nbfeotri from their homes, and go into joreign parts: be it further enadtal by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfbn or perfons, againft whom a commiflion of bankruptcy hath been awarded and iflued, on or before the tWenty-fecond day of January, one thpu-fand feven hundred and fevetity-fix, or who (hall have been really an aftual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpeftivdy, on or before the twcnty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and againft Whbm & commiflion of bankruptcy (hall have fince been awarded and iflued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or (hall duly conform, him, her, or themfelves, to the fevcral afts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prifon by a warrant of the commiflioners in fuch commiflion named, far contumacy or noncompliance to thofe laws, and who ncW is cr are in prifon for debt, damages, contempt, cofts of fuir, or any fum or fums of money due and accrued previous to fuch commiflion, or who now are fecrering themfelves in fear of their creditors; and (hall be hereafter fued, arrefted, or held to bail, or (hall furrender him, her, or themfelves, or be furrendered, in difeharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any fuit or a&ion for any fuch debt or debts as aforefaid, (hall and may apply to any one of the judges of the Court wherein fuch procefs or proctfles hath or have iflued, to fummon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to (hew caufe why fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhould not be difeharged from his, her, or their imprifonment, orarreft as aforefaid, fuch bankrupt or bankrupts firft making oath before fuch judge, (or if at a diftance from fuch judge, then before a Juftice of the peace) who is hereby authoriled to adminifter fuch oath, that fuch debt or debts did accrue previous to the iffuing fuch commiflion ; and fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that fuch bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, cr their eftare, or effefts, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her? dr themfelves, to the

Digitized by

Google

i j?6.]	Anho iJeclfnt> fekto GEORdii 111. c.	$5*

tew* ftow ki	tiro*kgtinft bankrupts, fuch judge fhall and may

difcharge fuch bankrupt dr bankrupts from filch imprifonment or arreft as aforefaid j fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, caqfing t common appearance to be entered for htm* her, or then&fwhert ncceflkry, in every fuch fuit or adtion; and if any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhall be afterwards again (bed and fcrrefted, ot taken in execution, or frftprifoned, in any fuit or a&ion for fuch debt or debts, previous to fuch cocnmiffion as aforefaid, any judge of the court wherein fuch procefs iffued fhall, upon fium-tnons of the proper party or parties, immediately difcharge fuch bankrupt or bankrupts from fuch arreft or itaprHonment j never-thtlefs fuch bankrupt or bankrupts fhall, in all other refpedts, be deemed fubjedt to the laws in force againft bankrupts; and every (heriff and fherifft, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of « prifbft, it and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of fuch judge’s difcharge, to releafe and fet free fuch bankrupt or bankrupts Out of his or their cuftody, and each and every of ibem is and are hereby indemnified from any adtion or adtions may bfe brought* commenced, or profecuted againft him or them, for any efcape for or On account thereof.

LXIX. And tubtrtas many bankrupts, having in aU rcfpeCls ftrt&fi conformed themfehes to the directions of the bankrupt lotus* have, noiunthftanding, * been unable to obtain their certificates, and have* on that account, bten difc our aged from exerting their indujlry in the purfuit of their fiveral occupations \ either living in the mojl unhappy and diftreffid fitaation at home, or fieking relief in foreign countries, where they can earn and ficure to themfehes the profit of an induflrious application to bufinefi $ fome of whom have carried with them the arts, manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas fome relief given in fuch parti-cular cafes, might prevent the evils arifing to the publlck, and be an encouragement for fuch individuals to follow their different occupations at borne; be it enadted, That any perfon or perfons againft >Vhom Claufe with a commiflion of bankruptcy hath been awarded and iflued, on refpeft to or before the twcnty-fecond day of January, one thoufand feven whohiJccon-hundred and feventy-fix, and who hath or have in all things formed them-confbrined to the Several adts now in force concerning bank- felvestothe rupts, by his, her, or their furrender and fubmiflion thereto, bankrupt and who fhall not have been committed for any adt of contu-laws; toacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained a total difcharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arifing or accruing previous ro-fuch commiflion, for want of their certificate, fhall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every fuch commiflion refpedtively, to petition or to apply, by motion of court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commif-fioners for the time being, fetting forth the true circumftance of the cafe relative to fuch commiflion and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners as aforefaid, fhall have power and authority to diredt and order the adting

eom-

Digitized

by Google ^

«5<	Anno decimo Fcxto Georgii III. c. 38.	[1776.

commiflioners in the refpe&ive commiflions named, to certify to the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners, the conformity or nonconformity of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and fuch other matter as to them fhall feem neceflary concerning the fame (the laid ading commiflioners being hereby author Lord chan- rifed and required fo to do;) and the lord chancellor, lord cellor, See. keeper, or lords commiflioners. as aforefaid, (hall thereupon aUowfoch 10 k*vc Power an<^ authority, if he or they (hall fb think fit, to bankrupts diredf and order an advertifement to be inferted in the Leaden certificates, Gazetn, for the allowance of fuch bankrupt’s certificate, (al-although not though the fame (hall not appear to have been figned or con-four-fifths of ^ente^ to by four-fifths in number and value of the faid bank-their credi- rupt’s- creditors, agreeable to the laws now in being,) in the ton.	fame manner and form as if the faid certificate had been figned

as aforefaid * and in cafe no fufficient caufe (hall be (hewn to the contrary within the time limited by the faid advertifement, the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners as aforefaid, (hall have power and authority to allow fuch bankrupt's certificate, in the like manner as if the fame had been figned agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make fuch other order thereupon, for the relief and difcharge of (tich bankrupt or bankrupts from his, her, or their debts as aforefaid, or otherwife, as to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners, (hall (eem proper; which certificate, if fo allowed, (hall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been duly obtained aqd allowed agreeable to the directions of the feveral laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithfianding.

LXX. And whereas the cafe Thomas Touchet, late Man-chefter, merchant, and now a prifoner in the King’s Bench , is attended with very particular	, and that the faid

Thomas Touchet is lunatick; be it therefore enacted by the Claufe in fa- .authority aforefaid. That although the fum due and owing by vour®f T^°- the faid Thomas Touchet to one creditor does exceed the fum of merchant. *** one tbou^and pounds, and notwithfianding his faid lunacy, he the faid Thomas Touchet (hall be intitled to all the benefits of this ' act, in all refpe&s whatfoever, as if the faid Thomas Touchet had not owed more than one thoufand pounds to one perfon, and , was not lunatick, any thing in this ait to the contrary hereof in anywife notwithfianding; and that all acts done or confented to by the committee of his efiate and effeds (hall foe good and valid to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were done and confented to by the faid Thomas Touchet himfelf.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno dccimo fexto Georgii III, c. 39;	£53

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for repealing a elaufe in an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general Jaws now m being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes 5 which relates to the counterfeiting of the tire of the wheels of all waggons, wains, and other carriages, to be ufed dn turnpike roads ; and for explaining a provifion in the faid aft, with refpeft-to the fellies and tire of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the	^

gauge of fix inches or upwards.

**

WHEREAS by a elaufe in an ail of parliament, made in the Preamble.

thirteenth year of his prefent Majejly's reign, (intituled. An A elaufe, in aft to explain, amend* and reduce into one aft of parliament. Aft 13 Geo. 3. the general laws now in being foj- regulating the turnpike roads rcc*ted, in that part of (Jreat Britain called England, and for other purpofes 5) it is enabled. That the tire of the wheeh of all waggonsy wains, carts, and other carriages, to be ufed on any turnpike road,

Jhall be counter funk, by placing the fame upon the fellies in fuch manner that the nails Jhall not rife above the furjace, and that the foie or fur-face of the wheels Jhall be quite flat 5 and that the owner of every carriage offending therein Jhall forfeit the fum of forty Jbillings; and every driver, not being the owner, the fum of twenty Jbillings, for every offence; which proviflons are attended with great inconvenience; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid elaufe (hall be, and and repealed, the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And whereas by the faid aft it is provided, That no perfon or perfons Jhall be allowed to take the benefit of certain exceptions in the faid aft mentioned, or have the power of compounding for tolls, in re-fpeft of carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of fix inches, or upwards, unlefs the fellies, and the tire upon fucb fellies, Jhall lie flat: and whereas doubts may arife concerning the confiruftion of the faid provifion, which, according to theJlrift fenfe <f the words, cannot be complied with: to the end therefore that .all perfons who Jha\l endeavour to comply with the faid provifms may receive -the benefit of fucb exemptions and compofitions \ be it further enafted A provifion in by the authority aforefaid. That all wheels of the breadth or the faid act, gauge of fix inches, or upwards, the fellies or tire whereof (ha)l jy{£# pot deviate more than one inch from a fiat furface, (hall be tire of car-deemed and taken to be fiat, according to the true intent and riages, &c. meaning of the faid aft.	explained.

PAP.

Digitized by

Gc e



*54*	Anno	decimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	C.40.	[1776.

/

CAP. XL.

An aft for obliging the overfeers of the poor, within the fevered parijhes and places within that part of Great Britain caRii England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain qu(/lions, fpecifed in the aft, relative to the Jflate of their poor * and to authonfo end require the juftices of the peace, within their rejpeftive dsvifm and jurifdiftions, in the feveral counties and cities in England and Wales, to take fucb returns upon oath, and to caufe them to bt trartfmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

Preamble. \\T HERE AS the great and encreajing expence of maintain-V V ing and providing for the poor, within that part of Great Britain called England, and the continual diflreJTes of the poor not-withftanding, make it highly expedient for the Ugijlatvre to 'take that great Jubjeft into their mojl ferious consideration: and whereas information of the Jlate of the poor, and the nature of thofe expences, way he necejfary to he procured in order to enable the two houfes of parliament to judge of proper remedies to redrefs thofe grievances; but it is apprehended fuch injormation cannot be ejfeftually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pteafe vdur Ma-jefty that it may be eniadted; and be it enadted by tne King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confatt of the loids fpiritual and temporal, and'commons, in this prvfcm " Printed co-	parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

pies of this	a fufficient number of printed copies of this adt (hall, as foon as

transmitted	conveniently may be after the paffing hereof, be tranftmtred, by

by George *	George White efquire, one of the clerks of the houfe of cotn-

Wbiteefquire, mons, to the'clerks of the peace and town clerks of the feveral to the clerk* and refpedtive counties, ridings, divifions, precindis, fokes, franco	Hberties,	cities,	and	counties	corporate,	m	England	and

landed Wales ; and that the faid feveral clerks of the peace and town Wales, to be clerks fhall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient diltnbuted	fpeed, to caufe the faid adt to be diftribated amongft the adtirig

fSices tx	juftices of the peace within their refpedlive limits; aridalfbto

* t *	caufe a fufficient number of the fchednle to this aft annexed, to

be printed and ddivered to the high conflables, or other proper officers within their refpedtive limits, at the Aftdfummer quarter feffion of the peace in one thoufand fevfen hundred and (evertty-Retums made fix ; and alfo to receive the anfwers and returns made by over-by overfeers ^ers °f the P°°r> Puffuant to the dire&ions tierein-after given, mitted'to the an<* tran^mit the ^ame t0 the of the parliaments with all clerk of the convenient fpeed, in order that the fame may be tnfpe^ed by parliaments, the members of both hoqfes of parliament, upon pain of forfeit-' ing, for every negledt and default, a fom Ml exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings.

Juflice?, be- II. And be it further enacted. That the feveral juftices of the tween the peace, within their refpedHvc jurffdidlions in England and Wales, fdhon andP *hall, as as conveniently may be after the Midfummer fef-cet. xo, 1776 ^on> one ^oufand feven hundred and feventy fix, appoint a to appoint a * time and place or times and places, which time or times (hall

be

Digitized by Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto GeorGII III. c.40. •	2^55

be on or before the twentieth day of Q8obn<> one thoufand feven meeting, and hundred and feventy-fix, for the overfeers of the poor of the gw« notice feveral parities, townfhips, ?md places, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, to attend them at fuch meeting or meetings for the them C&c. purpofes of this a ft, with returns and anfwers to the queftions % ftated in the fchedule to this aft annexed, and caufe notice thereof to be given to fuch overfeers refpeftively, *nd alfo to the high conftables, or where there are no high conftables, to fuch other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from juftices of the peace to inferior officers within fuch refpeftive jurifdic-tions* requiring their attendances at fuch meetings for the purposes of this aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid juftices of the Overfeers to peace (hall, and they are hereby alfo required, at fuch meeting gbe in an* or meetings, fo to be appointed by them as aforefaid, to receive ^r8 and rt-and take the anfwers and returns to be made by the overfeers of able togand the poor purfuant to. the direftions aforefaid, and then and there to take the adminifter to them refpeftively the oath contained in the faid oath contain-fchedule; and fuch juftices, if they fee caufe, may examine fuch overfeers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained inlc u 9 fuch queftions and anfwers, and call for the accounts of the overfeers of the poor for the preceding year, if they (hall fee fit,

in order to explain and verify the faid accounts as (hall be then made; and the faid juftices (hall then deliver fuch anfwers and Joftkei to dereturns to the refpeftive high conftables or other proper officers }?vcr the anas aforefaid, in order that the fame may be by them tranfraitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is direfted. constables.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the high conftables, or ^he duty of other proper officers fodeferibed as aforefaid, within the refpecr high confta-tive jurifidiftions aforefaid, (hall, at the Midfummer quarter fef- Wes in put -fions in one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, purfuant f,n*thl® ?ft to the direftions aforefaid, receive from the (aid clerks of the**1**®011*1014* peace, or town clerks, the faid printed fchedules, and deliver, or

caufe to be delivered, one fuch fchedule to one of the overfeers of the poor of every parifh, town(hip, or place, as well within to%yns corporate as without, within their refpeftive limits; and, when required by the refpeftive juftices of the peace a9 aforefaid, attend the faid refpeftive meetings, and then and there receive the feveral anfwers and returns made by the overfeers of the poor, and indorfe upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, wapentake, lathe, precinft, foke, franchife, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein the parilh, townfhip, or place, therein mentioned, is fituate, and tranfinit the fame, together with a true and perfeft lift of the names of the over-, feers of the poor of every parifh, townfhip, and place, to whom fiich fchedules had been delivered as aforefaid, to the feveral clerks of the peace, and town clerks, at the then next Michael-mas quarter feffions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, which adjournment the juftices at fuch quarter feffions are required to make to feme convenient day, within one week after the faid twentieth day of Qftober% in cafes where fuch returns

(hall

Digitized by

2 56

Penalty for negleCt thereof.

Overfeers to attend the juftices at meetings, and deliver in writing, true anfwers and returns,' &c.

Overfcers im-pdwered to take copies of accounts of preceding overfeers. Penalty on perfons refuting to deliver fuch accounts.

Fees to be allowed for each return:

To the clerk of the peace, % s. 6d.

High con (table, i s. 6d. Overfeers, as.

Juftices clerks, i s.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recove i sd and applied.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. 0:40.	[1776.

(hall not he made at the laid Michaelmas quarter feffions, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or negleCt in the matters aforefaid, a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty lhillings.

V. And be it further enaCted, That the overfeers of the poor of every fuch parHh, townfhip, and place, (hall, and are hereby required to attend the juftices of the peace at fuch meeting or meetings, and then and there deliver to the faid juftices, in writing figncd by them, a juft .and true anfwer, and return to the faid queftions, upon oath, as before directed; and that every over-feer making default in any of the matters hereby required, (ball, for every fuch negleCt or default, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the difcretion of the juftice or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made: and in order to enable the faid overfeers to make anfwers and returns as aforefaid, they are hereby authorifed and impowered to call for, infpeCt, and take copies of, the accounts of the pre-ceding overfeers, or fo much thereof as (hall be neceftary; and every perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody or power every fuch accounts (hall be, (hall and are hereby required to produce and deliver fuch accounts to the faid overfeers, for the purpofcs aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or negleCt in the premifps, a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the difcretion of the juftice or juftices before whom complaint theraaf (hall be made*

VL And be it further enaCted, That there (hall be paid and allowed, for the trouble and expences of the feveral perfons employed in the tranfa&ions aforefaid, for every return which (hall be fo made and tranfmitted to the clerks of the peace and'town clerks refpeCtively, purfuant to the directions aforefaid, the Turns following, and no more; videlicet, to the clerk of the peace or town clerk, for the return which (hall be made from every fuch parifh, townftiip, and place, the fum of two (hillings and fix-

Knceto the high canftable, or other proper officer, for the ;e, the fum of one (hilling and (ixpence: to the overfeers of the poor, for the like, the fum of two (hillings : to the clerks of the juftices of the peace, for the like, the fum of one filling: and that the juftices of the peace, at their refpeCtivc quarter feffion, which (halt be held next after Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (hall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their refpeCtive treafurers to pay the fame out of the rates to be made and collected for the refpeCtivc counties, ridings, divifions, precinCts, fokes, franchifes, liberties, cities, and counties corporate.

Vll. And be it further enaCted, That the feveral forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this aCt (hall, if not immediately paid, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand'and feal of any juftice of the peace having jurisdiction where fuch offender (hall dwell, rendering to the (aid offender the overplus, if any, after the charge of fuch diftrefs and fal? ftudl be deducted $ and in cafe Q	fu»-

V

Digitized by L.00Q le

1776.] Anno decimo-fcxto Georgii III. c. 40.'	257

fufficient diftrefs (hallnot be found, then it (hall hie lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuCh offender to the common goal, there to remain, without bail or mainpriz^ for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unlefs the faid forfeiture and charges (hall be fooner paid; and the faid forfeitures when recovered (hall be paid and applied, one half to the informer, and the other half to the faid relpecftive treafurcrs in aid of the rates'aforefaid ; and any perfon (hall be deemed a competent witnefs for the execution of any of the purpofes of this a<ft, notwithftanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to fuch county rates.

S C H E D U L E;

QUESTIONS, to which, by direction of an aR, faffed in the ftxUentb year of h is majefty King George the Third, intituled, An a£t for obliging the overfeers of the poor, within thefeveral parifhesand places . within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain queftions, fpecitied in the a&, relative to the ftate of their poor; and to au-- thorize and require the ju-ftices of the peace, within their refpe&ive divifions, and jurifdi&ions, in the feveral counties and cities in Eng-, land and Wales, to take fuch returns upon oath, and to -caufe them to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the parliaments ; Anfwers are to be re-. turned by the overfeers of the poor of every parijb, townjbip, and place, in writing, upon oath, and figned by them; for which purpofe the Jaid overfeers . are to attend the jujiices of the peace, within their refpeRive jurifdiRions, at fuch times and places as they Jball appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or negleR, a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs . than forty /billings.

ANSWERS returned to thofo queftions, by the overfeers of the poor of the parijb. [townjbip, or extraparochial place, as the cafe may be] of

in the county [riding, divifion, &c. as the cafe may bej of the	day	of

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix.

L WHAT

Digitized by ^ ^.ooQle

Aiuro-decfaiQ fexto Geomu HI. c. 40. [ 177$.

I.	11/hat wm the v VV mount of the affeff-

ments for the relief of the poor, in the year ending at Eqfttr, one thoufend feven hundred and feventy-fix ?

II.	How much of thofe aflelT-menta was applied for the relief or on account of the poor, and how much for the payment of county rates, or any other purpofes; diftin-gui(hing a 1 fo the amount of what paid for the rent of work-houfes, or paid or allowed for habitations for the poor; and, if any of the poor refide in houfes built at the expence of the parilh, townfhip, or place, ftatc the total annual value of fuch houfes i

HI. What number of poor have received conftant relief during that year, and what has been the expence thereof, as near as the fame can be eftimated ?

IV.	Is there a workhoufe in your parilh? if fo, what number of poor will it accommodate ?

THE a&flman* for the relief of th« poor, in the year ending at Eefltr, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fut, amounted to	£.

There was applied of the money collected under thofe afleftqents, on account of the poor only,

Ditto for the payment of county rates, or other pur* pofes, the fum of £.

Out of which money applied on account of the poor, there was paid for rent of work-houfes, the fum of £.

Out of ditto there was paid or applied for habitations for the poor, the fum of £.

The annual value of houfes occupied by poor perfons, which are the property of the inhabitants of the faid parilh, ftownlhip, #r extra-parochial place] amounts to	£.

The number of poor, who received conftant relief in that year, was

The expence of maintaining them, as near as the fame can tie eftimated, amounted to	£.

There is a workhoufe, which ' will accommodate about perfons.

V. What

Digitized by ooQle

1776.] Anno dedmo iexto Georgii III. c. 41.

V.	What was expended in litigations about fettlements, removals* appeals, or other difputes concerning the poor, within that year; drilin-guifhing how much of fuch expences arofc from difputes with parilhes, townfliips, or places, not within the county, riding, divifion, precinct, foke, franchife, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein fuch parifti, town-Ihip, or place lay ?

There was expended in litigations, about fettlements, removals, and other difputes concerning the poor, within that year, as near as the fame can be eftimated, the Aim of £.

Of which there was expended in difputes with parifhes, townfhips, or places, not within^ the county, riding, divifion, foke, franchife, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein fuch lay,

the fum of £.

Form of the Oath.

\7 O U /hall fxotar, That the anfwer and return now made by you I to the feveral queftions contained in the fthedule thereunto annexed, is a full and true anfwer to the faid quefiions, to the heft cf your knowledge and belief.

*59

CAP. XLI.

An oft for granting a bounty~upon flax feed', tie growth of the United Provinces, or of the Aufhian Netherlands, imported into Ireland,/w* a limited time.

WHEREAS, by an aft of parliament, made in the fifteenth Preamble, year of bis Majefiys reign, /intituled, An a<Sl for allowing A& 15 Gto. y the cloathing and accoutrements neceflary for his MajcAy’s recited, forces, paid out of his Majefty’s revenues arifing in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where fuch forces are ordered to ferve *, and for granting a bounty upon flax feed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) reciting, That, by virtue of an aft of parliament, made in Ireland; the third year of his Majefifs reign, a premium or bounty of five /billings per hog/head is allowed and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom upon the imputation of flax Jeed, which bounty was not, at that time, Jufficient to anfwer the good ptirpofes intended thereby,• and it was expedient that feme further encouragement Jhould be given for. a limited time, to induce the importation of flax feed into Ireland, in order to promote and encourage the linen rrumu/aftures of that kingdom; it is thertfore, ornogft other things, enafted by the /aid recited aft, That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufandfeven hundred and fevenly fix, for and during the/pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion o f parliament, a further bounty of five f illings per bogjhead Jhall be allowed for all flax feed imported into the kingdom of Ireland ; and that it /ball and may be lawful for the ammijfeioners of his Majefly's cufloms in England, or any four or Vol. XXXI.	T	more

Digitized by v^ooQle

*6q	Anno dcdmo fcxto Georgii III. c.41.	[1776.

more of them, to order the /aid bounty thereby granted, ft fc paid by the receiver-general of the cuftoms* out of any money in bit hands* arif-ing by ary of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of fucb flax feed* or to bis or their affigns* dsdy author if d to receive the fame* upon bis or their producing a certificate under the band and feal of office of the colie ft or and comptroller of the cujloms at the port in Ireland, where fucb flax feed was imported and landed* certifying the number of bogjbeads fo landed* with the name of the Jbip and majler in which* and the place from whence, and by whom and at what time the fame was imported* and that the bounty gt anted by the before mentioned att of parliament, made in Ireland, Recital of an had been paid and allowed for the fame: and whereas* by an aft of aa of the parliament, made in Ireland in the fixteentb year of bis Majefys freland*" 6 °* rei^ intituled* An a£t to amend an aft, pa fled in the third year Geo. 3/ * °f his Majefly’s reign, (intituled. An at1 for the continuing the encouragement given by former afts of parliament* to the flaxen and hempen manufaftures) a bounty of five/hillings per hog/bead is allow-ed* and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom, upon the importation of fax feed* of the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Auftrian Netherlands, from the firft day of January, one tboufani feven hundred and feventy-Jix, until the firft day of May, one thou-fand feven hundred and Jeventy-eight* Jubjeft to the feveral claufcs* regulations* and rejlriftions* contained in the faid aft of parhameut, made in Ireland, in the third year of his Majeftfs reign* concerning the bounties therein given and provided: and whereas* in order to entourage and promote the linen manufaftures in Ireland, it is deemed expedient in like manner to extend the bounty granted by the find recited aft of parliament* made in this kingdom* in the fifteen'byear of his Majeftfs reign* to all flax feed* of the growth of the faid United Provinces, and of the Auftrian Netherlands, imported from thence into Ireland; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may t>e enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice apd content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-A bounty of bled, and by the authority of the fame. That a bounty of five t s. per bog- (hillings per hogfhead (hall be allowed, for ail flax feed, of the flax - feed of growth of the faid United Provinces, or of the Auftrian Nether-the growth of lands* which hath been, or (hail be, imported from thence into the United the kingdom of Ireland* from and after the faid firft day of Provinces &c. January% oner thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, for and IrebmdTatier° during the *Pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the ia,1. ,9 tjj6, then next feffion of. parliament; and it (hall and may be lawful for two	for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England* or

H5ari*	any four or more of them, to order the faid bounty, granted by

this aft, to be paid by the receiver-general of the cuftoms out of any money in his hands, arifing by any of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of fuch flax feed, or to 4hi$ or their afligns, duly authorifed to receive the fame, upon his or their producing a certificate under the hands and feal of office, of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port in Ireland, where fuch flax feed was import*

ed

)i( » by foozle

1776.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 42.

cd and landed, certifying the number of hogfheads fo landed, with the name of the {hip and matter in which, and the place from whence, and by whom, and at what time, the fame was imported, and that the bounty granted by the before mentioned adt of parliament, made in Ireland, in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, had been paid and allowed for the fame.

CAP. XLII.

An all for allowing com* grain* and flour, imported into the port of Prefton, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reflriftiom as corn, grain* and flour is allowed to be landed at the feveral ports mentioned in an a If, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly* intituled, An adt to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

WHEREAS by an aft*, made in the thirteenth year of ^^>ream^e# reign of his prefent Majefly* (intituled* An ad to regulate A<a I*Gc0, the importation and exportation of corn) it is enabled* That in rccuca# cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peafe* beans, barley* beer* bigg* or oats* jball be imported into any or either of the ports in the faid all particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the faid all Jball be due and payable for fuch fpecies of corn, grain* or flour refpeftivefy; the fame, upon due entry thereof* may be forthwith Undid from on board the flip or veffeU in which fuch fpecies of corn% grain* or flour* Jball be fo imported in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cufloms* without payment of the faid duties, under certain reflriftions and regulations, in the faid aft mentioned and pre~.

Jcribed: and whereas it is expedient that corny grain y and flour, imported into the port of Prefton at any time when the duties not re-* pealed by the faid aft Jhall be due and payable for fuch fpecies of corn, grain* or flour rejpeftively, Jbould in like manrter be landed without payment of the faid duties ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in The faid a£b cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, extended bigg, or oats, (hall be imported into the faid port of Preflon* at	with

any time when the duties not repealed by the faid adt (hall be refpedt to due and payable for fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or flour refpec- p rung lively; the fame, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith £heat» rye* landed from on board the (hip or veffel in which fuch fpecies of com, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imported, in the prefence of the

Eroper officer or officers of the cuftoms, without payment of the tid duties; and fuch corn, grain, and flour, (hall be fubjedt and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the fame manner, and under and fubjedt to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftridtions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the feveral ports mentioned in the faid adt-are fubjedt and liable to, as fully and effedtually to all intents tffl) purpofo. a? if the (aid port of Preflon had been included m

T 2	the

*

Digitized by v^ooQle

262	Anno	ddcimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c, 43.	£1 fy6.

the fald adt; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof* ih any-wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft to authorife, for a limited time, the punijhment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or jball become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majejly's colonies and plantations.

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S the tranfportation of convifts to his Majejlyo VV colonies and plantations in America, now in ufe within that s part of Great Britain called England, by virtue of the feveral fiatutes autkorifwg fucb tranfportation, is found to be attended with various inconveniences, particularly by depriving this kingdom of many * fubjefts whofe labour might be ufeful to the community, and who, by proper care and com ft ion, might be reclaimed from their evil courfes : and whereas, until fome other more effectual provifions, in the place of tranfportation to his Majejlfs Colonies and plantations in America, can be framed, fuch convifts, being males, might be employed with benefit to the publick in raifing fand, foil, and gravel from, and cleanfing the river Thames; or being males unfit for fo fevere a labour, or being females, might be kept to hard labour of another kind within England; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcnt parlia-Any male, ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from convifted in and after the paffing of this adt, where any male perfon (hall, at England of. any fefl]on Gf QyCr an(j terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any punifliaWe-by quarter or other general feffion of the peace, for any county* tranfportation riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within to America, that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convidted may, inftead cf grantj or petit Jarceny, or any other crime for which he (hall kepVtVhard be liable by law to a fentence of tranfportation to any of his labour in Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, it (hall and may be cleanfing the lawful for the court before whom any fuch perfon (hall be fo river Thames, convj£ed9 or any court held for the fame place with like autho-term^oUefs r,ty>	court fhril think fit, in the place of fuch punifhment

than three by tranfportation, to order and adjudge that fuch perion (hall be nor more than punilhed by being kept to hard labour in the railing fand, foil, ten years. an(j gravel from, and cleanfing the river Thames, or any other fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the faid river, under the management and direction of an overfeer or overfeers, to be * appointed by die juftices of the peace for the county of Middle~ fex, at their quarter or other general fefiions of the peace, for the fame term of years as the tranfportation for the fatd offence might by law have been adjudged, or for fuch (hortcr term as fuch court (hall think fit to order and adjudge; provided that the fame (hall in no cafe be lefs than three years, or more thaiv ten years.

IncarehisMa- Jl. And be it further enadted, That where any male perfon 5tcndh°UldeCX' at any k®on °yer anc* ten™neri or delivery, or at to^nymalc ^ wy quarter or other general feffion of the peace for any county*

riding*

Digitized by

1776.3	Anno decimo fexto Georg 11	III. c. 43.	2	63

riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within coimfled of that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted a«y *fjr of any robbery, or other felony, for which he (hall by law ^eableCto(liffer liable to fuffer death without benefit of clergy, afid his Majefty(jeat^> t^c (hall be gracioufly pleafed to extend the royal mercy to any fuch judge’may or-oflfendcr, upon condition of being kept to hard labour for thedcrthe°ffcn-term of ten years, or any other (horter time to be fpecified, injohaSdTa/-CJ** the cuftody of fuch overleer or overfeers as aforefaid $ and fuch for the intention of mercy (hall be notified in writing by one of his time fpecified Majefty’s principal fecretaries of date to the judge or juftice of bylhe *[***-oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or**170*”*1** place, before whom any fuch offender (hall be convidled or condemned, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch judge or juftice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every fuch offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the fame manner as if there was a pardon	.

under the great feal $ and may and (hall adjudge, that every fuch offender (hall be ktpt to hard labour, in the cuftody of fuch overfeer or overfeers as aforefaid, for the time fpecified in tho notification from fuch fecrctary of (late.

III.	And be it further enacted. That when any offender (hall When any of-be ordered to be kept to hard labour, in manner aforefaid, or as f«der iball be herein-after is dire&ed, the clerk of the affize, clerk of thehLdUbour peace, or other clerk of the court by which fuch order (hall be the clerk of* made, (hall give to the (heriff, or gaoler, having the cuftody of the affize, &c. fuch offender, a certificate in writing, under his hand, contain- (hail give a ing an account of the chriftian name, furname, and age of fuch ^{heriff or offender; of his offence, of the court before whom he was con- gaoler, vi&ed, and of the term for which he (hall be fo ordered to hard

labour; and the (heriff, or gaoler, having the cuftody of fuch offender, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, after the making of* any fuch order, and receiving of fuch certificate, convey fuch offender, or caufe him to be conveyed to fuch place within England ; and alfo deliver fuch offender, or caufe him to be deliver-who (hall defied, together with the faid certificate to fuch overfeer or overfeers ver luchoffen-as aforefaid $ and the overfeer or overfeers, to whom any fuch ^£”0 the** offender (hall be fo delivered, (hall give a proper receipt in writ- overfeer, &c. ing under his or their hand or hands, which (hall be a fufficient discharge to the (heriff, or gaoler, fo delivering fuch offender.

IV.	And be it further enadled. That all expences incurred Expencei in-by any (heriff or gaoler, in the conveyance of any fuch offender curred ,n co”r as aforefaid, (hall be paid by the county, riding, divifion, city, fcnder^to^" liberty, borough, town; or place, for which the court, ordering pajd by the fuch punilhment by hard labour inftead of tranfportation to county, America, (hall be held ; and the fheriff or gaoler, (hall receive

the money due for fuch expences from the treafurer for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, by order of the juftices of the peace, at their quarterly, or other general feftibn, who are hereby required to make fuch order accordingly.

V.	Ana be it further enabled* That, after delivery of any

T 3	fuch

Digitized by

Google

264	Anno	decimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	C.43.	[1776.

Overfeer to fuch offender, as aforefaid, into the cuftody to which he fhaJI have thr fame be adjudged, the overfeer or overfeers, who (hall have the PffWCd°VC*r	cuftocty foch offender, fhall, during the term for which he

his^cuftody^as	foah he ordered to hard	labour, have the feme powers over fuch

a (henffor	offender a* are incident	to the office of a (heriff or gaoler; and

gaoler.	in cale of any abufe of	the cuftody, or other miibehaviour in

difcharge of his office, fhall be liable to the fame punifhment as Offender! to a gaoler; and alio (hall, during fuch term as aforefaid, keep be kept to fuch offender to hard labour, either in raifing fand, foil, and hwailT^fand £rave* *'rom» anc* cleanfing the Thames, or in any other laborious nncTgraver fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames, but at from the Thames, &c.

lhjp>, &c.

'Offenders to he fed with

’Water or iinali beer.

INo perfon to tfupplv them

fuch places only, and fubjedt to fuch directions, limitations, and reftridlions, as the mafter, wardens, and affiftants, of the Trinity * H)ffe fhall from time to time preferibe.

(Offenders rot VI. Provided neverthelefs. That fuch offenders (hall, in np to be employ-cafc> be employed in delivering tonnage of ballaft to matters and ineballaffto Commanc^ers of fhips, but only in digging, raifing, and taking millers of op> the gravel, fand, and foil, from the (helves ancf fand-banks of the faid river of Thames, and in difeharging the fame upon the (hbre, above the high-water mark, or in fome other laborious fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames.

VII. And be it further enabled, That every offender who (hall be ordered to hard labour, in the cuftody of fuch overfeer food^and^ or Overfeers as aforefaid, (hall, during fhe tin^e of fuch fervice, 00 * an be fed and fuftained with bread, and any coarfe or inferior food, and water, or-fmall beer, and alfo cloathed; and fuch offender fhall not, during the term of fuch fervice, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or cloathing, than fuch as (hall be fo allotted to them; and if any perfon (hall fupply any fuch offender, at any time*during the term of his faid fervice, with any food a&c°onr	f°°(M or clonthing, other than fuch as (hall be fo directed

penalty of40s or permitted, he or (he fo fupplying (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings.

Offenders Who VIII. And be it further enabled. That if any offender, who ffetufe to	(ball be fo delivered as aforefaid to be kept to hard labour, (hall,

«ther^fe	during the term of fuch fervice, refufe to perform any labour

am(behave	authorised by this act, or who (hall be guilty of any othef mif-

thcmfelves,	behaviour or diforderly conduct, it (hall be lawful for the over-

may be whip- feer or overfeers having the cuftody of any fuch offender to order pcd,&c. foch whipping, or other moderate punilhment, to be infixed upon him, as may be inflicted by law on perfons committed to a houfe of corredtion for hard labour.

IX. And be it further enadted, That every offender who (hall be delivered to be ke pt to hard labour in manner aforefaid, (hall, confinement, at the end of the term of fuch fervice, and upon being reftored jh^ofmoi** to ^ls hberty, receive from the overfeer or overfeers, under fiey^KMht's whom he (hall have fo ferved, luch fum of money not being lefs tua* 40s nor than forty (hillings, nor more than five pounds, together with nvort ti.an foch decent cloathing, as the co'irt into which iuch returns wi °dcr n*7	he	as herein-aftcr mentioned, (hall appoint: and if

cJo^tuir.g.nt wy fo^ offender, whilfl confined to hard labour in manner

afore-*

Every offen der, at the end of his



Digitized

by Google

*77$*] * Anno dccimo fexto Georgii III. c.43.

aforefaid, (hall, by his induftryand other good behaviour, (hew His Majefty, fuch figns of reformation, as (hall induce the faid court to re-on good commend him as an object of his Majefty’s mercy, and it be thereupon (ignified, by a letter from one of his Majefty’s ^Vorten principal fecretaries of (late to the overfeer or overleers as afore- the term of laid, that his Majefty thinks fit, in confideration of fuch good th«ir confine-behaviour, to (horten the duration of fuch offender’s term, fuchmcnt* offender (hall be accordingly fet at liberty at the rime mentioned in fuch letter; and (hall receive a fum of money from his overfeer or overfeers, together with clothing, in the fame manner as if he had ferved the whole of the term for which he was adjudged to ferve.

X.	And be it further enabled, That where any perfon (hall. Any perfon, at any feftign of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any convitted of quarter or other general feffion of the peace for any county, rid - putable by ing, divifion, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that tranfporta-part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convidted of tion, may be grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for whict\ he or (helent to jomc Shall be liable by law to tfanfportation to any of his Majefty’s finJjfK°ntC°n* colonies in America, it (hall be lawful for the court, in which within the any fuch offender (hall be fo convided, or any court held for county. See. the fame place, and with like authority, if fuch court (hall think j*nd

fit, in the place of fuch punifhment by tranfportation, to order labo^te and adjudge that fuch perfon (hall be fent to fome proper place not lefs than of confinement within the faid county, riding, divifion, city, three years* liberty, borough, town, or place, to be appointed for that pur- nor morc tha® pofe in manner herein-after mentioned, there to be kept to hardten ycari# labour, for fuch term or number of years as fuch court (hall appoint, not exceeding the term or number of years for which the tranfportation for the faid offence might have been adjudged: provided, That the lame (hall in no cafe be lefs than three years, or more than ten years.

XI.	And Jbe it further enadled, That where any perfon (hall, in cafchii

at any feftion of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any Majeftyfhould quarter, or other general feftion of the peace, for any county,cxtcnd h,s riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, tpwn, or place, within J^rfoh ^ihlty that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convidted of any felony of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or (he (hall by law puniOuble by be liable to fuffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Ma- death,the jefty (hall be gracioudy pleafed to extend the royal mercy to any jJJj®* the'of-fuch offender, upon condition of being kept to hard labour at fender to be the place of confinement to be appointed for that purpofe in kept 10 hard manner herein-after mentioned, and fuch intention of mercy	for

(hall be notified in writing, by one of his Majefty’s principal cjffed™! th«T fecretaries of ftate, to the judge or juftice of oyer and terminer* feerctary of or general gaol delivery, in any codnty, city, or place, before itate. whom fuch offender (hall be convidfced or condemned 5 it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch judge or juftice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to make an order for allow''-ipg forthwith to every fuch offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the fame manner as if there was a conditional par-

T4	,

Digitized by

2 66

ordered to hard labour, the clerk of afTize, Sec. (hall give a certificate to the fheriff or gaoler,

who (hall de-

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii IH. c.43.	[1776#

don under the great Teal, and may and (hall adjudge that every fuch offender (hall be kept to hard labour for the time fjpecified in the notification from fuch fecrctary of date.

When any of- XII. And be it further enadled, That when any offender (hall fendrr fhall be be ordered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforefaid, the clerk of affize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court by which fuch order (hall be made, fhall give to the (heriff or gaoler, having the cuftody of fuch offender, a certificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the chriftian name, furname, and age of fuch offender, of his or her offence, of the court before whom he or (he was convidled, and of the term for which he or (he fhall be ordered to hard labour; and the fheriff liver fach'pri-or gaoler fhall, with all convenient fnecd after the making of any (oner. See. to fuch order,.and. receiving of fuch certificate, convey fuch offen-the keeper of der, or caufe him or her to be conveyed, to the proper houfeof Imufeofcor- corre(^on> and deliver fuch offender, or caufe him or her to be re&ion *	*	delivered, together with the faid certificate, into the cuftody of

who (hall give ^1C mafter or keeper of fuch houfe of correction; and the per-a receipt for fon or perfons to whom fuch offender (hall be fo delivered, fhall the fame. give a proper receipt in, writing, under his or their hand or hands, which fhall be a fufficient discharge to the (heriff, gaoler, Expences of pr other perfon, fo delivering any fuch offender; and all exconveyance to pences incurred by any fheriff or gaoler, in the conveyance' of county &c. any	°®ender to the houfe of correction in manner afore-

" faia, fhall be paid by the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, for which the court ordering fuch punifhment by hard labour (hall be held, in the fame manner as is herein-before directed in refpect to offenders ordered to hard labour in removing fand, foil, and gravel from, and cleanfiog the river Thames.

Juft ices for* XIII. And be it further enadled, That the juftices of the eveiy county, peace for every county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, ficc. in Eng. town, and place, within that part of Great Britain called Eng-pare then**' ^ndx fhall, at the firft quarter or other general feffion of the houfes of cor* peace, which fhall be held next after the palling of this act, take

region fer reception of offenders\

and to give

into confideration the ftate o£ their refpective houfes of correction, in order that proper places within the fame, or elfewhere, within each refpedlive county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, borough, towp, and place, may be prepared for the, reception of fuch offenders as fhall be ordered to hard labour therein, by force of this a61, and for the purpofes aforefaid; and for keep-

direftions for jng fuch offenders to ,hard labour, and for their employment,

inentSandrn Icgulat>on» aru* government, fhall give fuch directions, and

keeping to hard hour.

them make fuch orders, as fuch juftices (hall think moft fit and proper, and they are authorised to give or make by the Jaws now in force in refpedl tp houfes of cprredlion, or by any of them: and the keeper of the place of confinement fo appointed and prepared (hall, in cafe of any abufe of the cuftody, or other milbe-haviour in difebarge of his office, be liable to the fame punilh-ment as a gaoler.	1

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (bail

refeue

Digitized by

Google

1776-] Anno decimo fexto Georgii III, c.43;	267

refcuc any offender, who by force of this ad fhall be ordered to Penalty on hard labour, in removing fand, foil, and gravel from, and perfons refcu-cleanfing the river Thames, or in any place of confinement ap-	^

pointed by virtue of this aCt, either in his or her conveyance to	labour j

the place appointed for fuch hard labour, or whilft fuch offender	*

under this ad fhall be in the cuftody of the perfon or perfons appointed for that purpofe j or if any perfon fhall be aiding or aftifting in any fuch refcue; every fuch perfon fhall be liable to the lilce punifnment that is inflicted for breach of prifon in cafes fif felony: and if any perfon, not having the aChial cuftody of or aMing in any fuch offender, ^fhall be aiding and afiifting in any efcape, or attempt to (hall* by fupplying arms, or inftruments of difguife or efcape, or ^ptherwife in any manner be aiding and afiifting in the attempt p * to make any fuch efcape, though no fucli efcape fhall be made, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; which feid penalty of twenty pounds fhall be recoverable in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by any perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame, by bill, plaint, aCtion of debt, information, or otherwife, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, fhall be allowed.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon who fhall Penalty on be ordered to hard labour under this aCt, either in removing °£" . fend, foil, and gravel from, and cleanfing the riverThames, or|ab^r*ho at any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this aCt, fhall, (hall efcape at any time during the term for which he or (he (hall be fo or- from confine^ dered to hard labour, break prifon, or efcape from the place of mcnt* ^ his or her confinement, or from the perfon or perfons having

the lawful cuftody of fuch offender, he or fhe fo breaking prifon or efcaping, fhall on conviction, for the firft efcape, be punifhed by doubling the term of the ferviceand hard labour in which he or lhe was at the time of fuch efcape; and on conviction for a -fecond efcape, be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and fuffer death accordingly.

XVI.	And, to the intent that fuch conviction or convictions may be bad with as little trouble and expence as f>oJfibley be it further enacted, That every offender or offenders, efcaping in manner afore- Method of feid, may and fhall be tried before the juftices of afftze, oyer tnal

and terminer, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, or liberty, oft^n^wlor

where he, fhe, or they, fhall be apprehended and taken; and making °f

that the clerk of the afftze and clerk of the peace, where fuch efcape?

orders of confinement or hard labour fhall refpeCtively be made,

and their fuccefiors for the time being, fhall, at the requeft of

the profecutor, or any other in his Majefty’s behalf, certify a

tranfeript briefly and in few words, containing the effed of every

indictment and conviction of fuch man or woman, and of the

order made for his or her confinement, or being fent to hard

labour refpeCtively, to the juftices of aflize, oyer and terminer,

and gaol delivery, where fuch man or woman fhall be indicted

for any fuch efcape from his or her place of confinement or of

hard labour refpeCtively, (not taking, for the fame, above the

fum of two (hillings and fixpenccj) which certificate being pro-

-	duced

Digitized by Google

268	Anno declmo feXto GeoRGH III. c.43.	[17	j6*

duced in court, (hall be a fufficient proof that fuch perfon of perfons have before been convidted and ordered to fuch place of confinement or hard labour refpe&ively.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-Clerk of af- thority aforefaid, That fuch. clerk of the aflize, clerk of the foe* See. to be peace, or other clerk of the court, and the (heriff or gaoler, (hall paid by the	pajj by the treafurer of the county, riding, divifion, city*

the%ounty	liberty, borough, town, or place, the like fatisfadtion as hath

Sec. * been ufualiy paid for the order of tranfportation of any offender.1 Offenderscon- XVIII. Provided always, That the offender or offenders fined by virtue which (hall be fent to, and (hall by virtue of this aft, be diredted of this aft, to t0 be confined in, fuch places to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall be kept feparate from, and (hall not be permitted or fuffered to intermix with, any perfon or perfons confined for any offence under the degree of petit larceny, or other crime not making the perfon or perfons having committed the fame, by the laws of this realm, fubjedt to a fentence of tranfportation.

XIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the overfeers of the feveral places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this ad, (hall, from time to time, make

be kept lepa-rate, Sec.

Overfeers of the places of confinement appointed by this aft to

returns, fpecifying the names of all and every the perfon or per-fons who (hall be

the names of the perfons. See. committed to their cultody.

committed to their cuftody, the offences of snake returns, which they (hall have been guilty, the court before which each on oath, of perfon was convidled, the fentence of the court, the age, bodily ftate, and behaviour of every fuch convidt while in cuftody; and alfo the names of all and every the perfon or perfons who Ihall have died under fuch cuftody* or (hall have efcaped from fuch place of confinement, pr (hall have been releafed from thence by order from one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate ; When, and to fuch returns from the overfeers of the convidh to be employed whom, the in laborious fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the to ** Thames, to be made the firft day of every term, to his Majefty’s c‘	court of King's Bench at Wejlminjler 5 and from the overfeers of

the other places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this aft, to the juftices of aflize at each aflize, and to the juftices of the peace at each quarter or other general fe(fions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, within which fuch place of confinement (hall be fituate; and that every fuch return (hall be verified on the oath of the perfon making the fame; fuch oath to be made before the court into which fuch return (hall be delivered.

Penalties of XX. And be it further enafted. That any pecuniary penalties thi* aft how created by this aft, for the recovery of which no mode is herein-^Je^ov.^r‘before preferibed, (hall be recoverable before two or more £d.3n ***** l" juftices of the peace, in the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, '	borough, town, or place, in which the offence (hall be commit-

ted, on proof of the offence, by the 03th or oath6 of one or more credible wirnefs or witneffes, or on confefiion of the offender, and (hall belong to the informer or informers profccuting for the fame; and in cafe of nonpayment, (hall be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under

the

Digitized by L^OOQle

177^-1 Anno declmo fexto GEOROII III. C. 44.	469

the hands and Teals of fuch juftices; and the overplus of the money railed, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the diflrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent by Rich juftices to the prifon of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, borough, town, or place, for fuch term, not exceeding fix months, as fuch juftices (hall think moft proper.

XXL And be it further enabled. That if any fuit or adion Perfons profe-; (hall be profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing c^.tcd under done in purfuancfe of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may plead ^ tiU'ec-the general iffue, and give this ad, or the fpecial matter, in evi- „eral iffue. * dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this ad; and-if a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their adion or ao tions after iffue joined $ or if on demurrer, or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble coftf. remedy for the fame as any defendants have by law in other cafes; and though a verdid (hall be given to any plaintiff in any fuch adion or fuit as aforefald, fuch plaintiff (hall not have cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom the trial fball be, (hall certify his approbation of the verdid.

XXII.	And be it further enaded. That all adions, fuits, and Limitation of profanations, to be commenced againft the perfon or perfons for

any thing done in purfuance of this ad, (hall be laid and tried in the county, or place, where the fad was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix months after the fad committed, and not otherwife.

XXIII.	And be it furtKer enaded, That this ad (hall con- Continuance] tinue to be in force for two years, and alfo to the end of the of this ad. then fefiion; or if the faid term of two years (hall not determine

during any feflion, then till the end of the then next enfuing feffion of parliament.

GAP. XLIV.

An aft for fufpending, for a limited time, Jo much of an aft9 made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majejiys reign, intituled, An ad to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes, as is to fubjtft carriages having the fellies of thi wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inches, to the payment of double tolls \ and for vacating contracts for Uufing tolls.

WHEREAS by an aft) made in the thirteenth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majejiys reign9 intituled, An ad to explain, amend, Geo.3. and reduce into one ad of parliament, the general laws now in recited, being for regulating the turnpike roads in that parr of Great Britain called England, and for orher purpofes, it is enabled. That, from and after the" twenty-ninth day of September, one tbcufand

Jeven

Digitized by

Google

i?o	Anno dccitno fcxto GeoRGIi III. c.45.	[1776.

jeven hundred and feventy-fixs a double toll JhaU. be paid for the paffagt through turnpike^gates, of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inches from fide to fide: and whereas great inconveniences would arife if the /aid provifion Jbould take ejfeft on the faid twenty-ninth day of September; may it therefore pleafe your Msgefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority *£5 t^le ^ame» That fo much of the faid a<d, as ena&s that the a^fufpended tru^ccs appointed by virtue or under the authority of any a$ of for two parliament made for repairing or amending turnpike roads, or years. fuch perfon or perfbns as are authorifed by them, fhall and may and are thereby required to demand and take for every waggon, wain, cart, or carnage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lets breadth or gauge than fix inches from fide to fide, at the lead, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horfes or beads of draught drawing the lame, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, double the tolls or duties which are or (hall be payable for the -	fame	refpedively, hy any a& or a£ks of parliament made for

amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage refpe&ively, (hall be permitted to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls fhall be payable by virtue of any fuch ads, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, fufpended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and: fovea-ty-eight.

teffees of II. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-r^leafed^t'roin flX^ a^c>rc^a^> That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch truftees, theircontradsathey are hereby required to releafe all leffees of tolls within at the end of their refpedive jurifdidions from their rcfpedive contrads, at the current the end of the current year, if fuch leffees (hall defire the *ear*	f^me.

CAP. XLV.

An ad for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to bit Majefty for t,000,0001 Treasury may raife the feme by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as i» preferibed, by the malt ad of this feflion, concerning loans, See. The claufes, &c. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended ro the loans, &c. to be made in purfuance of this ad. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if none Sufficient be granted before July 5, 1777, then to be paid out of tbe finking fund; and the monies fo ifliicd to be replaced out of the firft fupplies* The bank impowered to advance on the (aid credit of loan, any fums npt exceeding i,ooo4oool.

cap.

Digitized by v^ooQle

177^0 Anno dedmo fcxto Georgii III. 0.46* 47.	*7*

CAP. XLVI.

An aft to enable the commiffioners of bis Majefiy's treafury to order and allow, cut of the money ariftng by the coinage duty, a* certain fum therein mentioned, for the expence of profecuting offenders againji the laws relating to the coin, over and above the fum yearly allowed for that purpofe.	,

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the fifteenth' year of the Preamble.

reign of bis majefiy King George the Second, (intituled, An a ft 15 Geo. 5. aft for the more cffeftual preventing the counterfeiting of the Tecited. current troin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit coin,) it is, amongfl other things enafted, That the lord high treafurer, or lords commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, Jhatt and may order and allow, out of the money ariftng by the coinage duty, fuch fum of money, for defraying the expenses of profecuting' offenders againji thHaws relating to the coin, as he or thef /ball fee fit, provided that the faid expenees do not, in any one year% exceed the fum of fix hundred pounds: and whereas the expenees neceffarily incurred in profecuting fuch offenders, during the courfe of the years one thoufand [even hundred and Seventy-two, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventy-three, and one thoufand /even hundred and fevmty-four, amounted to the fum of one thoufand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight-pence halfpenny, over and above the fum of fix hundred pounds allowed in each of thofey ears for that feruice; and as the law now fiands, the faid fum of one thoufand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight-pence halfpenny cannot be brought to ac~ count; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fjpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the commiffioners of his 1,1511.01. Sd# Majefty’s rreafury now, or for the time being, or any three or halfpenny ex-more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being (hall and may, out of the money arifing by the coinage duty, order and defraying ex-allow fuch further fum, not exceeding one thoufand one hun- pences or pro-dred and fifty-two pounds and eight-pence halfpenny, for the fccutioni re-cxpences 6f the faid profecutions, during the courfe of the faid ioVnfdiubig years one thoufand (even hundred and (eventytwo, one thou- the year# 5 ftnd feven hundred and feventy-three, and one thoufand feven 177*, 1771, hundred and feventy-four, over and above the faid fix hundred and *774* pounds limited yearly; the faid recited aft, or any other law, ftatutc, provifion, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVII.

An aft fir the further encouragement of the whale fijbery carried on' from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the cujloms in the ifiand'0/Newfoundland.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the laft feffion of parlia- Preamble.

menty intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the 15 Geo. 3. a	fiftwricsrec,ted*

Digitized by

272	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii IIL C. 47.	[1776.

fifheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijb dominions in Europe, and for fecuring the return of the fifher-men, failors, and others employed in the (aid fiihcries, to the pons thereof, at the end of the fi(hing feafon certain bounties were granted to induce bis Majeftfs European fubjefts to carry on the whale fijbery inr the gulpb of Saint Lawrence, or on the coaft of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any feat to the fouthward of the Greenland feas, and Davis’s Straights: and whereas a valuable whale fijbery has been lately difeovered in the feas to the foutbward of the latitude of forty four degrees north; for carrying on which it is necejfary that the Jbips to be employed therein jboUld be fitted out at a different feafon of the year from that mentioned in the faid in tart recited afl, and it is juft and expedient that the like bounties Jbould be granted to Jhips fo fitted out and employed in fuch fijbery: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-5?rJr^bCthor^y	famc>	That	the feveral bounties hereafter Men-

tioned (hall be allowed arinually for eleven years, for five veflels which (hall be employed in the faid fi(hery in the feas to the fouthward of the latitude of forty-four degrees north, under the limitations and reftri&ions herein-after exprefled; (that is to fay) fuch veflels (hall appear by their regifter to be Britijb built* and owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, and navigated with three-fourths of his Majefty’s fubjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, betides the mailer, and (hall be fitted and cleared out from fome port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey > or Many after the firft day of Auguft and before the. firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and between the firft day of Auguft and the firft day of November in each fucceeding year, and (hall take and kill one whale at the lead in the faid feas, to the fouthward of the faid latitude of forty four degrees north, and (hall return, before the firft day of Auguft next following in each »year, to fome port in England, with the oil of fuch whale or whales fo taken as aforefaid; and on the mafter and mate of fuch veflel, and two of the mariners belonging to her, making oath before the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of her arrival, (which oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) that fuch oil is the produce of one or more whale or whales taken and killed by the crew then belonging to fuch veflel, mentioning the time when (he departed from Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Many and from what port, and the time and place where fuch whale or whales was or were taken and killed, fuch oil may be landed without payment of any duty whatfoever; and the colle&or and comptroller of fuch port (hall thereupon forthwith tranfmit fuch oath to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, any four or more of whom are o	here*

allowed, for ii year?, to veflels fitted out from Great Britain, &c for the whale fiftiery in the feas fouthward of lat, 44 degrees north.

Digitized by

Google

1776JJ	Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c.47.	27$

hereby authorifed and required to order the receiver-general of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to pay out of any money in his hands, arifing by any duties under their management; for the veflel which (hall fo arrive in each year, with the greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid, five hundred pounds; for the veffel which lhall in like manner arrive in the fame year, with the next greateft quantity of oil To taken as aforefaid, four hundred pounds; for the veflel which (hall in like manner arrive in the fame year, with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid, three hundred pounds; for the veflel which (hall in like manner arrive in the fame year, with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid, two hundred pounds; and for the veflel which (hall in Jike manner arrive in the fame year with the next greateft quantity of oil fo taken as aforefaid, one hundred pounds; the faid oil fo to be imported by each of the faid veflels, being the produce of one whale at the leaft ; which faid feveral and refpeftive bounties (hall be paid by fuch re- , ceiver-general, within two months after the expiration of each year in which fuch veflel (hall arrive, to the owner or owners of fuch veflels fo intitled thereto, or their afligns, duly authorized €0 demand the fame.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no bounty (hail be allowed or paid for No bounty to any (hip which, from and after the faid firft day of Augufly one he allowed to thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (hall be fitted out and pj^ed in thT employed in the whale fifhery, in purfuance of this aft, unlefs *vhale fifoery, the whole and entire property of fuch (hip or veflel (hall belong but on certain, to fome of his Majefty’s fubjefts refiding in that part of his Ma- condition*, jelly’s dominions from whence fuch (hip or veflel (hall be re-fpeftively fitted, and cleared out, nor to any (hip which (hall be

fo fitted out and employed in the faid fifhery, in purfuance of this aft, or the faid recited aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, unlefs fuch (hip (hall have on board, an apprentice, indentured for the fpace of three years at the leaft, for every fifty tons burthen of fuch (hip, every fuch apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen, at the time he (hall be \o indentured ; any thing in the faid recited aft, ov in this aft, or any cuftom or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	And whereas by an afl of parliament, made in the tenth year Aft 10 Geo. 3. of his Majeflfs reign, it is> among ft other things, enafled. That, for recited.

and during the time therein mentioned, (which at7 hath been fince continued^ and is now in force) the officers of his Majejly's cuftoms ^ and naval officers in the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, Jhall he deemed to% be intitled to, and Jhall and may lav fully demand and receive, fuch fees as they and their predeceffiors refpeftively were and bad been generally and ufually accuflomed to demand, take^ and receive, before the twenty -ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and frxty-four> and Jhall have the like remedy for the fame, according to the true intent and meaning f an made in the fifth year of his faid Majejly%s reign, therein particularly retired and re-

f erred

Digitized by

Google



Anno decimo fexto GeoRgii III. C.48.	[1776^

ferred unto; and whereas, the officers of bis Majefiy s cufioms now » efiablifhed in the ijland of Newfoundland not being able to difcover and of certain what fees were taken and received by their predeceffors* before the faid twenty-ninth d-jy of September, one tboufand fcven hundred and fix tyfour, doubts have aryen what fees they are intitled to demand and receive, in purfuance of the faid in part recited aft s for remedy whereof be it further enadted by the authority afore-Feet to be faid. That fo long as the faid recited a St fhall be continued and taken by the remain in force, the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the faid cu^oms<iathC *^anc* Newfoundland fhall be, and are hereby declared to have Newfound-	^ecn entitled to afk, demand, take, and receive, fuch fees, for

land.	all bufinefs done by them in the execution of their duty, as were

legally demanded and taken by the like officers of the cuftoms at the port of Hallifax in Nova Scotia, on or before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight, provided the faid fees fo taken arc not contrary to the exprefs directions of any adt of parliament made in Great Britain; and the < laid officers of the cuftoms fhall have the like remedy for the fame, and be liable to the fame forfeitures and difabilitie'S for exalting or receiving any greater or other fees than fuch as are herein-before allowed to be taken, as are prefcribed and inflict-ed in fuch cafes by the faid recited adts, or either of them* as fully and effedhially, to all intents and purpofes, as if the iknao had been again repeated and enadted in this prefent adt.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment' of the duties upon bugles, when warehoufed upon importation into this kingdom; to impower the commijfioners 0/ the cufioms to order. all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no profecutions have been had for the fpace of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be defirojed \ and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom \ and for charging the fame with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

Preamble. \\T HEREAS by an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of Adt 5 Gto. 3. V y his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An adt for more effedtually recited. fupplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa with fuch, coarfe printed cailicoes and other goods of the produdt or manu-* fadture of the Eafi Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom, for the better fupply of the export trade thereof, and for, difeontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain* and all 1 bounties and allowances in Ireland upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the IJU of Man; it, is (amongfi other things) enafted and provided. That iffuch bugles as fhall be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and fecured in Jucb warehoufe belonging to his Majefiy, his heirs, and fucceffiors, as in and by the faid recited aft is preferibedy fhall not be either exported, or the

full

Digitized by

Google

IJ7&] Anno decimo fcxto GeoRGIiIII. c.48.	2/5

fad duties paid for the fame* within five years from the importation thereofy hut /hall then continue and be JIM remaining in the faid ware-baufeSy in fuch cafe it /ball and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the atftonis for the time being, or any three or more of them, to caufe the faid bugles, fo remaining, to be publicily fold in manner and for the purpofes therein preferred ; and whereas it has keen ufual to expert fucb bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the Britifh colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the diflurbances and rebellion in fevered of thofe colonies, great quantities of /ueb bugles do now remain warehmfed at ftveral ports in this kingdom and cannot be difpofed of witbowt great lofs to the proprietors thereof ; and it is therefore expedient tp enlarge the time limited by the faid recited aft for the exportation offucb bugles, or paying the duty for the fame: may it there-1 fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaftfed; and be it ehaft-ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prelent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the lame. That, for fuch of the (aid bugles as have been imported The aforefiid into this kingdom before the firft day of May, one thoufand tcrmof£ (even hundred and fevemy«fnc, and lodged and fecured in any ^*0 loyears, wareboufe belonging to his Majefty, as in and by the faid recited in relation to* aft is preferibed, and ftill remain unfold, the (aid term of five bugles im-years (hall be extended and enlarged to the term of ten years, P°rtcd from the importation thereof, any th\ng in the faid recited aft, in^ware-7 * or any other law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife houfed, See. notwithftanding.

II.	And whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the eighth year Aft 8 Ann* , of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for recited, continuing feveral impofitions, additional impofitions, and duties, upon goods imported, to raife money by way of loan, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and for taking off the overfca-duty on coals exported in Briti/h bottoms; and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon eertificate goods; and for ascertaining the duties of corans imported m Venetian (hips; and to give further time to foreign merchants for exportation of certain foreign goods imported ; and to limit a time for profecutions upon certain bonds given by merchants; and for continuing certain fees of the officers of the cuftoms ; and to prevent embezzlements by fuch officers; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty; and for replacing monies paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity afts; and for encouragement to raife naval (lores in her Majefty’s plantations; and to ^ive further ' time for regiftering debentures as is therein mentioned; it is (amongfi other things) enafted> That the bonds commonly called Plantation-bonds, and the fecurities entered into, in purf&anu of an aft, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual om-ploying the poor, by the encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom, upon the exportation of wrought filks, and other commodi-Voi.XXXI*	U	ties

Digitized by

Google



tj6	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii III. C.4&.	[^77^

ties in the faid aft mentioned 5 in cafe there fhall be no profecution for* fome breach or nonperformance of the refpeftivt conditions thereof" within three years after the dates thereof or if upon fuch profecutiorr ' judgement be not obtained for her Majefty within the fpace of tw9 years after the profecution is commenced, then fuch fecurity Jball be void, and all fuch fecurhies fo made void by that aft fhall be delivered up, by the rejpeftive officers having the fame in their keepings to bo cancelled, without fee or reward \ and if any officer of his Majefifr revenue having the cuflody of any bonds fo required to be delivered up to be cancelled\ fhall, upon rcafonable demand, refufe or negleft to deliver up fuch bonds according to the purport and meaning of that aft, then the officer fo offending Jball be liable to anfwer to the party grieved all his damages, together with treble softs of fuit: and whereas there are now remaining, m the poffeffion of the officers at fevirat euftom-houfes in this tlngdm, great number offuch bonds an$ ft aerifies, as well as other bonds and fecurities token for the due exportation of other goods, and for the due performance of jhips voyages, in pur-fuance of divers other afts of parliament, which have lain for many years without any profecution having been commenced thereon; no proof being difcovered that the conditions of fuch bonds have not been duly performed, though no certificate has been produced in difeharge thereof \ nor any application made to the officers for delivery thereof bp the parties concerned therein, without which, fvfficient provifm is not made for cancelling or deftroying fuch bonds, though they are ufelefs and of no effeft, and are an unneceffaty incumbrance to the offices where they are lodged, and pccafion great perplexity and intonventtmi to the feveral officers in the execution of their duty j for remedy whereof, and to prevent the difcouragemtnts which merchants -do and may lie under by the faii bonds lying out ogainft them, by reafon that the goods may have been vended in foreign parts, from whence no certificate can be produced conformable to the feveral Jlatutes requiring the fame, although the conditions of the faid bonds are or fhall have beet* performed; be it therefore further enabled by the authority afore-After July 5, faid. That, from and after the fifth day ot July, one thoufand boncf*ataken ^even hundred and feventy-fix, all bonds, which fiave been or by "any officer,	hereafter be taken by any officer, relating to the revenue

’dating to and bufinefs of his Majefty’s cuttoms. upon which no profecu-the revenue tion hath been or (hall be commenced, for the breach or non-on^Mcbno*’ P^r^ormancc °f anY covenant or condition therein contained* profecution0 Wlthin the fpace or five years from the date of fuch bond or oath been or fecurity (except bonds for duties, or other money due to the (ball be corn- crown, and for the good behaviour of the officers in the execu--ncedwit. tjon Qf their duty) fhall be void; and it (hall and may be law-Arom the^ate fu* f°r *he commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England thereof, and Scotland refpe&ively, or any three or more of them, to order (Exception) and direct the feveral officers under their management, having (ball be void. *he cuftody of fuch bonds, to cancel and deftroy the fame in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

• I1L And whereas by the book of rates, annexed to the aft of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of tie reign of King Charles

Digitized by

Google

177&I Anno decimo fexto Georgii III. c. 49.

tbe Stcond> feather beds, 0W new9 the piece) are "rated at two pounds) thirteen /hillings, and four-pencey and feathers for beds the one one hundred and twelve pounds are rated at fix pounds: and whereasy in order to evade the payment of the duties due and payable by law9 according to the before mentioned rate upon feathers for beds imported from foreign parts9 attempts have been made fraudulently to bring into this kingdom large quantities of fuch feathers packed up in old ticking) coarfe doth) or other old packages) and to enter the fame under the denomination of feather beds, to the great prejudice of the publick revenue, and to the detriment of the fair trader: for remedy whereof be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, the before mentioned rate of two pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four-pence, for feather beds old or new, the piece, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and the feveral duties payable upon the importation of fuch feather beds, according to that rate, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid j and, in lieu and inftead thereof, all feather beds, and all feathers which have been heretofore entered under that denomination, drefledor undrefled, new or old, which (hall be imported into this kingdom in any fort of package whatfoever, (hall be liable to and pay the feveral fubfidies, additional duties, and all other impofts and duties whatfoever, to which feathers for beds are and (hall be liable, according to the rate before mentioned of fix pounds for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of fuch feathers; which faid fubfidies, impofts, and duties, (hall be raifed, levied, and collected, recovered, paid, and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch dif-counts, allowances, and drawbacks, as the former duties upon feathers for beds were raifed, levied, collected, paid, and applied, and were fubjeft and liable to; and all the powers, penalties, provifions, articles, and claufes, contained in the feveral ads of parliament which granted or continued the fame refpedively, (hall continue in mil force and effed, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, and applying, the faid fubfidies, impofts, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent ad, as fully and eflfedujlly to all intents arid purpofes, as if the faid claufes, powers, and provifions, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this prefent ad.

277

The rate of feather beds, according to the book of rates it Car, t. repealed $

and, in lieu thereof, all feather beds, and feathers heretofore en-tered under that denomination, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, (hall be liable to the fame duties as feathers for beds, according to tbe rate before mention* ed.

CAP. XLIX.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; and for further appropriating the fupphes granted in this (efiion of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commifiion and warrant officers of tbe royal navy; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or deftroyed.

Vk .	frf

Digitized by i^ooQle

Anno declmo fexto Georgii III. C. 49^	[177&

Preamble. Not exceeding r,837,4*! 1. 31. sod. granted out of the fund/ for the lervice of the current year 5 to be i(Tued by the treafury accord* ingly. Treafury im powered to raile the faid fum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund* All per-ions who fliali lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment* No fee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cotta. Penalty ot undue preference in point of regiftery or payment. Auditor* &c. neglecting his duty, liable tor damages, Sec. to be recovered at Weft-minder. No undue preference in the regiftering, where orders are brought the fame day ; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others wot brought in courfe, fo as money be referved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raile the faid fum by exchequer falls indead of loans 3 and the bills in fuch cafe to be mads as thofe prescribed by the malt aft of this frifion. AH advantages and penalties in the malt aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authored to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majefty the fum of 1,837,4x81. 3 s. tod. notwithftanding a ft c & 6 Gul. Sc Marise. The fum of 980,441k 11. id. *q. furplus of tb* Jinking fund in the exchequer on April 5, 1776 ; and fucb monies as fliali be paid into the exchequer between April 5,1776, and April 5,1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabics 11,4441. 4s. 3d. iq. remaining in the exchequer ot the duties on rice exported, and apples imported, cambricks and fugars, granted by & Geo. 3. and monies paid by counties who have not railed militiaj and of the imprefk monies remaining for the difpofition of parliament. *19051. 8s. td. for fupporting the ncceflary expences of forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded ifiands, out of the monies to be paid into the exchequer on April 5,1776. 15,07*1. is tv towards defraying the charge of levy money for the year 1776, out of the favings of grafts in laft (eflsosa of parliament. 7,938b 15 s. towards defraying the charge of augmenting his Majefty's forces, out of the favings of a grant in the laft feffion of parliament. Appropriation of the fupplies. The monies arifmg by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, vote of credit, and 980,441). is. id. *q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1776, for the dilpofition of parliament ; and fuch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic} and 11,444!. 4s. 3d. xq. of the monies on rice exported, and duties on apples imported, and on fugars and cambricks, by aft 6 Geo. 3. the monieapaid by counties who have not railed militia; and the impreft monies remaining for the difpofition of parliament and 1,837,418!. 38. 10d. by this aft granted, out of the excefl'es, Scc. com-pofing the finking fund ; together with the money arifmg from the fale of French prizes taken before the declaration ot war; and alfo fuch fums of money as his Majefty (hall direft to bet applied to the public ferrice, w hi civ fliali arile by the fale of the ceded ifiands in the Welt Indies. Not exceeding *,111,055!. 19 s. 6d. to be iflued out of the (applies toward* Juaval lervices Not exceeding 50001. to the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, See. 1,000,0001, towards paying off and difcharging the debt of the qavy. *49,655!. 18 s. fid. for the charges of the office ot ordnance ; **3,1711. 11s. »1 d. tor the charges of the office of ordnance not provided for in 1775. Not exceeding 3,474,450b 4*. 4d. 3-8ths. towards the land forces; of which 6,59**001. it. 10d. 7-8ths of a penny, for defraying the charges of 10,7c* efftftive men, Sec. and 3*13 invalids for guards. &c« In Great Britain, See. 720.517b 38. 5d. 3q for forces and garrifans in Africa; 41,530 k 19 s. 4d. to make good the difference of pay bet wean the Britilh and uilh eftablifiunent of troops fei ving in America ; 11,505 b 7 $, 3d. for general and general ftaff officers in Great Britain; 89,063b 14s. for bvy money; 16,783b 158. id. halfpenny, for five Hanoverian batta> lions at Gibraltar and Minorca, in the year 1775; not exceeding 4^,838!. «*? 9 d. for five Hanoverian bsutfUipnft ft Gibraltar, ficc, in 17763 47,400 U

Digitized by Google

i77®-3 Anno dccimo fexto GeoRGii III. c. 50.'	079

it$. for a regiment Of highlander*5 80,984.1. 13s. id. for Fever al augmentations to his Ma jetty's forces, See. 381,8871. 4s. 5d. halfpenny. For 12,394* .

Heffians, See. .121,4751. its. 1 d. for 4,300 Brunfwickers, See. 19,0061. 19s. ,

3d. *q. for a regiment of foot of Hanau, See. not exceeding 16,4831. 1 s. od. 3 q. for a regiment of Waldeck, See. 13,9731* 16 s. for the artillery of the landgrave ot Hefle Cartel; 4,244!. 128. 6 d. for levy money for the faid artillery ; 3,383!. 6s. 8d. for the artillery of Hanau; 6081. for penfions to officers widows, &c. not exceeding 97,5751* 128. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 850I. 19 s. 6d. to the two troops of borfe guards reduced, &c. 107,512!. 10s. to the outpenfioners of Chelfea Hof-pita!; 137,448!. 7s, to fix regiments of foot from Ireland, &c. 845,165 b H<« *d. 1 q. towards extraoidmary expencesof the land forces, Scc. not provided for; 1,250,0001. for difeharging exchequer bills of latt feffion;

Not exceeding 74061.3 d. halfpenny, to make good to his Majefty the like fom ifTued in purftiance of the addrtfies of the houfe of commons; 3,086 b for the civil ctUbliOnxaent of Georgia; 4.9501. for the civil eftabliffiment of fait Florida; 4,9501. for the ciyileft]iblittimcnt of Weft Florida; Not exceeding 4,246b 10s. 5d. for fupporting the civil eftabliffiment of Nova Scotia; 1,885b 4s. for defraying expences attending furveys in North America; 13,000b for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa;

5,550b for fupporting the civileftabliffiment of Senegambia; 6,996 bv 10 s. sod. on account of the expence of new roads. Scc. in the highlands of Scotland , 20001. to the commiffioners of Weftminftcr bridge; 92,4x11.

14s. nd. iq. to make good the deficiency of the fum granted by parliament in 1774, for recoining the deficient gold coin. Not exceeding 44,096b 5 s. tod. halfpenny, to the finking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5,1775; 37,348 b 12 s. 7 d. to make good the deficiency of grants fo^: the lervice of .1775. The (aid aids to be applied only to tbe ufes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the half-pay. By aft 15 Geo. 3* a fum not exceeding 105,3x6b 16 s. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus-monies, above fatis* lying faid officers, to be difpbfed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in (he late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majetty (hall dir eft.

Recital of a claufe in an aft 6 Geo. 2. and 24 Geo. 2. After June 24,

177V allowance of the wages, &c. of the one other Teamen in every 100, (hall be continued till the number employed in the royal navy a-mounts to 30,000. Barons of the exchequer, on proof made before them of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, Sec. being loit or deftroyed, ffiall grant a certificate of the fame; on producing whereof to the proper officers, and on giving them fufficient fecurity, they are to make out duplicates of faid bills. Scc. and to diicfiarge the fame.

C A P. L.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jujlices of the peace, or other St who have omitted to regijler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admifftons have been omitted to be fiamped according to law, or, having beenJlamped, have been loft or mijlaid; and for allowing them time to provide admifftons duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to dttortiies and folicitors.

WHEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their offices, Preamble.

places, employments, or profefiions, or any other caufe or occa-fton, ought to have taken and fubferibed the oaths, or the ajjurance re-Jpeftively, appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubferibed, in and by an aft made in the firjl year of the reign of bis late majejiy King x	U	3	George

a8o	Anno	decimo fcxto Georgii III. c.50.

iVrfons who Geoyge the Fir ft, of glorious memory, (intituled. An a ft for the have omitted further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the oaths appoint- fucce^°n °f the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, ed by ad	being proteftants ; and for extinguiftiing the hopes of the pre-

i Geo. 1.	tended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors;) or la

Aft 1 x Car. a. ^ave iua^fie^ themfelves according to an a51, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft for the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qua-* Aft 15 Car. a.	themfelves according to another a51, made in the twenty-fifth year

of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for preventing the dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned ;) orac-Aft 30 Car. a. cording to another a51, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for the more effeftual pre-ferving the King’s perfon and government, by difabling pa pi ft s from fitting in either houfe of parliament;) or according to another A ft S Geo. j. a5t, made in the eighth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for granting the people called Shakers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to Aft G another a51, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty 9 co. i. George the Second, (intituled, An aft for indemnifying per-fons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time litnited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for amending fo much of an aft, patted in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires .per-fons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter feffions ; and alfo for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration againft* tranfubftantiation; and for allowing a further time for inrol-ment of deeds and wills made by papifts ; and for relief of pro-teftant purchafers, devifees, and lefties;) or according to another Aft iS Geo.*, ts5f, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft, patted in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An o5l for the further qualification of jufiices of tht n peace;) or according to another a5f, made in the fixthyear of the reign andac Geo. ^ prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An aft for altering the oath of **	abjuration,	and	the afluraitce; and for amending fo much of an

aft, made in the feventh year of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a5l for the improvement cf the union of the two kingdoms, a9, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifhs and copies therein mentioned to perfons indifted of high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon •) have, through ignorance of the law, ahfence, or home unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fttb/cribe the faid oaths apd affurancand make and Jubfiribe the declaration required by law, or otherwife to qualify themfelves as afore-faid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, os in and by the faid a51s refpe5lively, or by any other a51 of parliament in that behalf made, is

required,

^	Digitized	by Google

i 776.] Anno <3ecimo fexto Georoii III. c. 50.	a.81

required, whereby they have incurred\ or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabilities: for quieting the minds of bis Majcjly's fubje&s., tend for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwife happen by means of fuck omifftons; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cdhfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenr parliament aflem bled, and by the authority of the fame. That a if and every perfon or perfon$, who, at or before the pafling of this paffinVof this ad, hath or (hall have omitted to take and fubferibe the (aid oaths and declarations, or to receive the facrament of the Lord’s fup- i per, or otherwife to qualify him, her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid ads, or any of them, or by any other ad of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, of undertaking any profeffion or thing on account of which fuch qualifications ought to have been had, and is required , before the pafling of this, ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, or who, on or or before Dee-before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun- *5» *777* dred and feventy-Seven, (hall take and fubferibe the faid oaths, 1 declarations, and afliirance refpedively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths, declarations, and afiurance, ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fuch manner and form, and at or in fuch place or places, as are appointed in and by the' faid aft, made in the firft year of the jxign of his faid late majefty King George the Firfi, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf madp and provided, and alfo hath or have received, or fhall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, receive, the facra-ment of the Lord*s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought tQ / have been received, and hath or have made and fubferibed, or fhall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, mafke and fubferibe the faid declaration againft tranfubftantiation, and alfo hath or have made and fubferibed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, make and fubferibe the faid declaration, in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been made and fubferibed, and take and fubferibe the oath directed by the faid ad made in the eighteenth year of the reigrt of his late majefty King George the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in fuch manner as by the faid ad is direded, fhall be, and are hereby indemnified, indemnified freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, a?ainrt f°r-incapacities, and difabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by *clturcs* reafon of any negled or omiflion previous to the pafling of this adf of taking or fubferibing the faid oaths or afiurance, or rc-

U 4	ceiving

Digitized by

j

282	Anno	Hecimo	facto Georoii III. c. 50.	[1776.

ceiving the facrament, or making or fubfcribing the faid declarations, or taking or fubfcribing the faid oath, according to the above-mentioned adfcs, or any of them, or any other a£t or a&s; and fuch perfon and perfons is and are, and (hall be, fully and a&ually recapacitated and reftored to the fame (fate and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before fuch negledl or omiftan, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above-mentioned a<£t$, and every of them : and that all elections of, and acfts done, or to be done, by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from hkn, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or an^r of tbefti, would have been if fuch perfon or perfons refpedtively had taken the faid oath or affiirance, and re-, ceived the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fub-foribed the faid declarations, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, according to the direction of the faid atfs, and every or any of them 5 and that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad. (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, as effe&ual as If fuch perfon or perfons had refpcdivdy taken the fard oaths and aflurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before-mentioned.

Nottoindem- II. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con-nify any per- tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify f°ena?tr focur *nY perfon againft whom final judgement (haH have been given, cd”by negled- *n anY a^on of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hia ing toqualify Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having bimfclf. negleded to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law.

III.	And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peace, lows tier is, and other publick officers, and the admiffions of divers members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tbt entries of fuch admiffions in the court books, rolls, or records, offucb tities, corporations, and borough towns, which by feveral afls of parliament are dire fled and required to be ftamped, may not have been provided, or the fame not flampedy or may have been loft or miftaid $ Perfons pro- be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thar, for the during ap- relief of fuch perfons whofe appointments and admifl^ons, or ancUdmUHons ^le cnrr*cs °f whofe admiffions as aforefaid may not have been before Dec. provided, or not duly ftamped, or where the fame have been *5> 1777> loft or iniflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fi^ch perfons,'on or before the rWenty-fifth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and feventy-feven, to provide, or caufe to be provided, appointments and admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, duly ftamped: or, in cafe where ftch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly ftamped, to produce fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, to the commiffiorters appointed to infpecfc and manage the revenues of the (lamp-duties, to be duly ftamped;

which

Digitized by

Google

177<>•]	Anno dedmo facto Grorgii III; 0*50,

wfekh foch oommrffionen are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, to duly ftamp, on payment of the duties firft pay- . able, or to have been paid on fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefakl, without any fine or forfeiture - ^ be con thereon? and fuch perfons fo providing appointments, admif-|^ramc(j, and* fions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, duly ftamped, or quailed to procuring the feme to be duly ftamped, in manner aforefaid, are aft as clerk, and ihaJl be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or co™rations, members, officer or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and ^c. borough towns refpeftively, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall way enjoy all and may hold and enjoy, and execute fuch offices, or any other °?CCu‘ll10 office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elefted, ^cca notwithftanding his or their omiffion, or the omiffion of any of elefted ; their predecefiors, in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns, and /hall be as aforefaid; and (ball be indemnified and difeharged of and Indemrjjficd from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da-mages, by reafon of anv fuch omiffion; and pone of his or their damages in-afts (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame.	curredby rea-

IV.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- J?n of om,u tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrned to extend, to reft ore oriI0ns# intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, bene- Not to extend fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by toreftore per-judgement of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already 10 *ny . legally filled up and enjoyed by any other perfon ; but that fuch by judgement, office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or

legally filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall, at the palling of thi{ aft, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this aft had never been made.

V.	And whereas many perfons have omitted* caufe affidavits to be made, and afterwards to he filed in the proper office, of the aftual execution of feveral contracts in writing entered into by them to ferve as clerks to attomies or folicitors, within the time in which the fame aught to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby incur certain difabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving fuch

ferfons, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every per- Perfons who fon who, at the paffing of this aft, (hall have neglefted or omitted .caule a*-to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before the firft day of Michaelmas M.dmlm** term, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-fix, (ball caufe term, 1776, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (ball be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, ar« mdemni-and difeharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, inca- an,1*

C	' J j-r • • 1 •»•	• & r rs CL c I- charged horn

pacities, and difabilities, m or by any adbor acts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of fuch negleft or omiffion; and every fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faief firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, (ball be aa cffc&ual, to all intents and purpofes, as

if

Digitized by (^.ooQle

*$4	Anno	declmo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 51, [1

if the fame had been made and filed within the refpedive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been made and filed.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any action, fuitr Ifccuted and* kill ipdidttnent, or information, (hali, from and after the paf-liereby meant fing of this a<ft, be brought, carried on, or profecuted, againft to be indem- any perfon or perfons hereby meant or intended to be indcomi-fied, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfci-Saal jfibc**" turc>	incapacity, or disability whatfoever incurred, or ua

be incurred, by any fuch negledt or omiffion, fuch perfon or per-r	fpns may plead the general iffue, and, upon their defence, give

this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LI.

An aft for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muffins and callicoes, imported by the Eaft India company in the years one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, and one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-four; for allowing further time to the faid company to expofe to file fuch bohea and ftnglo teas and coffee as remained unfold on the fifth day of April, one thoufand /even hundred and Jeventyfix; andalfo fuch bohea teas as Jhatl •	be imported on or before a certain time; andfor allowing the draw-

backs on the exportation of fuch teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the Jhip Shrewfbury,/^ the year one thoufandfiven him-dred and feventy-three.

Vreambit.	TX/HE REAS there are green quantities of muffins and white

V V callicoes remaining in this kingdom, which were imported by the united company of memhants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in the years one thoufimd /even hundred and /evenly-three, and one thoufand /even hundred and feventy-four, and which, by rcafon of the interruption given to. trade by the rebellion and diflurbances fubfifi-ing in fveralof the Britifh colonics in North America, the proprietors of fuch goods may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to in-* title them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon, and it is rea-fonable and necejfary that fome further time Jhould be granted for the exportation of fuch goods: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-The term of liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for three \ears a]l muftins and white callicoes which were imported by the faid unirec* company into.this k ngdom, in the year one thoufanA tiem’toth/ex feven hundred and feventy-three, and which (hall be exported porting of from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one tho. (and mtiflin* and feven hundred and f*venty eight; and for all mullins and white %*hite calli. callicoes imported into this kingdom by the faid united company ***** c* in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, which

(hall

Digitized by

/Google s

i 776.] Anno decimo fexto GboRGII III. c. 51.	*8$

(hall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of Decent* one rhoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine; whether fuch muflins or callicoes (hall have been printed, painted, (lain-cd, or dyed, in this kingdpm or not, the exporter or exporters of fucb goods (hall be allowed and paid the fame drawbacks, under/the like rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would be intitled and liable to, in cafe fuch goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to tbc contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas* by feveral afts of parliament now in force for granting, continuing, and better fecuring the duties payable ad valorem upon unrated Eaft India goods* and for afcertaining the values thereof \ according to which fucb duties Jhall be paid* the importer or importers thereof are to give fecurity by bond for payment of the faid duties according to the real values of the faid,goods* to be afcertainei according to the refpe ftive a61$ of parliament in that behalf made, (except coffee,) as foon as the faid goods Jhall be fold* and alfofor expofing the faid goods to fale openly and fairly* by way of auftion* or by inch of candle, within the city of London, within the term of three years afr ter the importation thereof: and whereas by an aft, made in the four- Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled* An ad for aft 14 Geo. j. granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies* to expofe to fale the finglo and bohea teas remaining in their warehoufes unfold on the fifth day of cdpril, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of iuch teas, it was (among ft other things) enafted* That for fuch of the faid bohea teas as were then imported* and which remained unfold on the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four* the faid united company might* at any time within the fpace of four years* to* be computed from the importation thereof* expofe fuch teas to fale; and that afterfuch fale or fales there fhould be allowed the like difeounts* on payment of the duties an fuch teas* as if the fame had been expofed to Jale within the term of three years before mentioned, or, any •other time theretofore limited by taw: and whereas a great part of the faid bohea tea? imported by the faid united company* and remaining in their ware-baufes unfold on the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four* yet remains unfold; and over and befides fuch bohea tea* the faid company havefence that time imported a further con-Jiderable quantity of bohea tea* which remained in their warehoufes unfold on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix* ana they expeft to import and receive* before the thirty -firft day ofDecember, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, a further confiderable quantity o f bohea tea in fundry Jhips now coming home from China 5 and the faid company bad alfo in their warehoufes unfold* on the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix* a great quantity of finglo teas and coffee, and by reafon of the interruption given to trade fiy the diflurbances in feveral of the £riti(h colonies in America, the faid quantity of bohea tea* imported before the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred andfe-

venty-

Digitized by Googl

ti6	Anno	dedmo	fcxto Gcorgii III. c. 51. [1776.

ventj-four, and remaining Unfold on the fifth day of April, one thou-fond feven hundred and feventy-fix, cannot he exp eft ed to be fold by iha faid company within the term of four yean allotted for that purpofe by the faid aft of the fourteenth year of the reign of hts prejent Majefty ; nor can it be expefted that the faid other bohea teas hereinbefore men• tioned, the faidfinglo teas, and coffee, Jbould be fold by the faid company ' tvithin the term of three years, to be computed from the refpeftw* times of the importation of fitch teas and coffee, and it is necejffary that fome further time Jhould be granted to the faid company to post their faid teas and coffee up to fale; be it therefore ena&ed by the au* comaniaiobet^or*ly af°refa,<*> That as well for fuch of the faid bohea teas, allowed ufual fingj° teas, and coffee, as remained unfold on the fifth day of difeountson April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, as alfo for the fale of all fuch bohea teas as hereafter (hall be imported at any time or fee Vithin five t‘n^cs on or	^ thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand

years after the fcvcn hundred and feventy-fix, the faid united company may, at importation any time within the fpace of five years, to be computed from thereof. the importation thereof, expofc fuch refpe&ive teas and coffee to fale, and after fuch fale or Tales there (hall be allowed the like difeounts, on payments of the refpe&ive duties on fuch tea? and coffee, as if the fame had been expofed to fale within the term of three years, or any other time heretofore limited by law, any *	law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

The term of III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, extended*^ That, for and during the faid term of five years, to be computed five, in rela- as aforefaid, there (hall be drawn back and allowed for all the tion'to the faid teas and coffee, which (hall be exported from this kingdom drawback on as merchandize to Ireland, or any of the Britifb colonies or plan-teasand coffeetaticms *n America, to the exporter or exporters thereof, fuch arid to Ireland and the fame drawbacks or allowances, and under fuch rules, regu-America. lations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would have been intitled to in cafe fuch teas and coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the re-fpeftive times of the importation thereof 5 any law* ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas, reafon of the [aid interruption to trade, a great part of the coffee imported by the jaid united Company in the fljip Shrewsbury, in the year one thoufandfeven hundred and feventy-three, and which hath been fold by the faid united company, yet remains uncleared in their vearehoufes, belonging to the buyers thereof, and the fame cannot be exported within three years after the importation thereof, be The fa me time therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That if tthe exporting cof ^aic* co^ee» imported by the faid (hip Shrewfbury, in the year onfc fee, brought thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, and now remaining by theShie*f- uncleared in the faid company’s warehoufes, (hall be exported at bury,in 1773, any time within five years, to be computed from the importation^ maimnVm thereof, there (hall be drewn back, and allowed for the fame, to the company's the txporter or exporters thereof, fuch and the fame drawbacks warehouies. or allowances, and under fuch rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would hav£ . been intitled to in cafe Tuch coffee had been exported within the

term

1776J Anno cfccimo fexto Georg n III. c. 52.'	287

term of three years from the importation thereof$ any law, cu~

(bn, or ufege, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it farther enaded by the autho- ha ca^ the rity aforefoid, That if the faid united company of ^rchantsof^J^^^^" England trading to the Eaft Indies, (hall at any time negledfc to *|y ^ h^c keep the market (applied with a fufficient quantity of tea at rea- market with fpnable prices, to anfwer the confumption thereof in Great tea, at reafon-Britaut, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners PT^e,» of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or for the lord of thTtreanSy high treafurer for the tipie being, to pant licences to any other may grant li/ per fan or perlons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to im- cenfes to any port into Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, in fuch and Perr°nK8iau the like manner, and fubjedt to fuch duties, and under fuch re- P°rt llie ftridtioas and limitations, and upon fuch notices, and with fuch licences, as are by any adt or adts now in force preferibed and doodled with refpedt to tea to be imported from any parts of Emepe by tb* faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies; anything contained in this adt to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. LII.

An aft to declare bis Majefty's natural-born fubjefts inheritable to the eftates of their anceftors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of ' Great Britain called Scotland, notwithftanding their father or mother were aliens.

WHEREAS£y*e aft, mode in the parliament of England, PreamhJe.

in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late m*~ fifty King William the Thirds (intituled, An adt to enable his Ma- p j 1 jelly’s natural-born fubjedls to inherit the eftate of their ancef- u * tars, either lineal or collateral, notwithftanding their father or mother were aliens,) it is enabled, That all and every perfon or pm* fins9 bfing the King's natural-born fubjeft or fubjefts, within on? of the King's realms or dominions, /ball and may hereafter lawfully Mr- , bent, and be inheritable, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their anceftors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ant eft or of fuch per fin or per fins, by, from, through, or under whom, he,/he, or they, may make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or arey or /ball be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his Atajefly's, realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purpofis, as if fuch father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancejlor or anceftors, by, from, through, or under whom, he, /he,

$r they, /hall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalized, or natural-born Jubjeft or fubjefts within the King's dominions; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding: and whereas doubts have arijen whither the provifton of the aforefaid fiatute would take place in Scotland by the rules of the common law thereof, and it is reafonable that the fame rule of jucce/Jion Jbould take place in both parti of the united kingdom, and that fiub doubts Jbould

be

Digitized by

Google

All perfons, being the King's natural born fable#*, (hall inherit as heirs to any manors, lands, &c. in Scotland,

under whom they make their title, were aliens.

288	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii III. C.52.*	[1776.*

be removed; be it therefore declared and enabled by the King's rood excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every perfon or perfons, being the King’s natural-bom fubjelt of fubjelts within this uhited kingdom, or any other of the King’s realms or dominions, (hall and may hereafter lawfully inherit, and be inheritable, in Scotland, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenement*, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral although the father and mother, or although their fathers or mothers, or other ancestor of fuch perfon or perfons, lathers or by, from, through, or under whom, he, ftie, or they (hall or mothers, arc. make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or (hall be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his Majefty’s realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other anceffor or anceffors, by, from, through, or under whom, be, (he, or they (hall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalized or natural-born fubjedt or fubjedts within the King’s dominions; any law or cuftom to rhe contrary notwithffanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no perfon or perfons (hall be hereby enabled to inherit as heir or heirs, or co-heir or co-heirs, to any perfon dying feifed of any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in pofleflion, reverfion, or remainder, through any alien anceffor or anceffors, unlefs the perfon or perfons fo claiming or deriving his or their title as

m .. heir or heirs, co-heir or co-heirs, was or were, or (hall be in to7"unlcft thc being, and capable to take the fame effate as heir or heirs, co-claimant was heir or co-heirs, at the death of the perfon who (hall fo laff die in being at feifed of fuch manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and to whom lie, (he, or they (hall fo claim to be heir or heirs, coheir or co-heirs.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That in cafe the perfon or perfons who (hall be in being, and capable to take, at the death of the anceffor fo dying feifed of any fuch honours,

deff:ent^fllalTC.mawors* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and upon whom faVupon a the defeent (hall be caff, (hall happen to be a daughter or daughters of any alien, and that the alien father or mother, through whom fuch defeent (hall be derived by fuch daughter or daughters, (hall afterwards have a fon born within any of his Majefty's realms or dominions, the defeent fo caff upon fuch daughter or daughters (hall be diverted in favour of fuch fon, and fuch fon (hall inherit and take the effate, in like manner as is allowed by the common law in cafes of the birth of a nearer heir; or in cafe fuch father or mother (hall have no fon or fons, but (hall have one or more daughter or daughters afterwards born within any of his Majeffy's realms or dominions, the daughter or daughters fo bom afterwards (hall inherit and take in coparcenary With the daughter or daughters upon whom the defeent

(hall

No perfon to inherit at heir to any perfon dying poffe&d of mauors, lands. See. through any alien ancef-

the time of fuch perfon’s death. Regulations with regard to the luccef-

daughur, and a ton, Scq. (hall afterwards be born.

Digitized by v^ooQle

!77^»I Anno decimo lexto Gboroii III. c. 53,54.'	2S9

Hull be call at the death of the anceftor laft feifed; any thing in

tlna ad contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

CAP. Lin.

An aft to continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the Ifle of Wight* and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the fiud corporation* and to provide new powers and regulations tor	'

the members of the fame ; and to repeal an aft, patted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£t for eftablijbing m bomft or boufes of indufiry in the Ifle of Wight, for tbt reception, maintenance* and employment, of the poor belonging to the {entered parijba and places nmtb 'm the fatd ijland.

CAP. LIV.

An ad to continue an atf9 made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, (intituled, An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts;) and alfo an ad9 made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hit prefent Majefiy, (in-rituledy An aft to prohibit the importation of light filver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to retrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum.)

WHEREAS the laws hereafter mentioned have by experience Preamble.

been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty* by and with the advice and tonfent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made in the fifth year of the reign Aft 5 Geo. of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An all prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts) which was to con- g™^ars# tioue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand y fcven hundred and thirty-two, for the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, and which, by feveral fubfequent afts, made in the ninth and iixtccmh years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand fever* hundred and fifty, and by an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of his laid late Majefty, was amended, and further continued until the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and * fifty-feven, and which* by three fubfequent afts made in the thirty-firft year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, and in the fourth and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and from thence to the end bf the then next felfion of parliament, (hall be, and thb . lame is hereby further continued from >the expiration thereof* until the twenty-ninth day of September? one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then	1

next feftion of parliament.	*

IL And be it further enafted by the authority^aforefaid, That an aft, made in the fourteenth year, of thc.rcign of his prefent

Mav

Digitized by

Google

A6t 14. Geo. 3 further continued for two years.

Anno decimo facto Geqrgii UL c. 55—60; [1776.

. Majefty, (intituled, An aft So prohibit the importation of light JMvtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum) which was to continue in force until, the nrft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiort of parliament, (hall be, and the feme is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. LV.

An aft to enable the truftees of certain charily lands, belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of Laricafter, to grant building-leafes thereof

CAP. LVI.

An aft for /applying the borough and town of Brecknock, and liter* tics thereof with water$ and for pavings cleaning, regulatings and lighting, the ftreets, lanes, and publick pajfages there > and far widening and, making commodious feme of the Jcnd/beets* lanes, and

pajfages.

CAP. LVII.

An a ft for paving, cleanfing^ lightings and watching, the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the county of ' Dorfet; and for removing all encroachments* obftruftms* and an-noyances therein.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft* made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets and lanes in the town and parifti o?Chatham, in the county of Kent; and-for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein ; and to extend the peoviftons of the /aid aft to fuch parts of the High-ftreet in Chatham, as are lunate in the parijhes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the faid town.

CAP. LIX. .

An aft for lighting and watching the town of Portfmouth, in the county 0/Southampton ; and for explaining and amending an aft* faffed in the eighth year of bis prefent Majefty's reign, for the better paving and cleanfing the Jlreets and other publick pajfages in the laid town, andfor preventing nuifances and annoyances t her An* and for widening and rendering the Jarne more commodious.

CAP. LX.

An aft to amend and render more ejfeftual an aft, made in the eighth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for opening certain pof~ Jages, and/or paving the ftreets, and other places, in the parijb of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefcx, andfer preventing annoyances therein; and for extending the powers.ofthe faid aft to fuch part of a lane, called Hog-lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton-Falgate, in the faid county.

o	CAP.

Digitized by t^ooQle

177,6.] Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. C* 61—67,	291

C A P. LXI.

An ah for trifling a lighthoufe or lightboufes and landmarks in or mar the port of Chefter, and for placing buoys upon the banks and Jbcals leading into and in the laid port; and for regulating of pilots and perfcns towing or tracking of vejfels to and from the city of Chefter j and for fixing the rates payable for the fame refpeflivtly.

CAP. LXn.

An afl to enable the commijfioners of fewers forfeveral limits in the tafiern parts of the county of Kent, more effeflually to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Vallics.

CAP. LXIII.

An afl for widening and improving feveral fireets in the town of Manchefter j and for opening new fireets or paffages within the faid town.

CAP. LXIV.

An afl for drainings embanking,, and prefervingy certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the parijhes of Glatton and Holme, in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXV.

An afl for making the river Soar navigable from the river Trent to Bi(hop’s Meadow, within the liberty of Garenton, in the county of Leicefter; and for making and maintainingy h navigable cut or * canal from thencty near9 or up> and into The Ru(hes, at Lough* borough, in the faid county.

C A P. LXVI.

An afl for making and maintaining a navigable canaly within and from certain landsy belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, efquire% in the parijb ^Dudley, in the county of Worcefter, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation at a place called Black Delph, upon Penfnet-chace, in the parijb of fcingfwin-ford, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXVII.

An afl for enlarging the term and powers offo much of an a fly made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis majefiy King George the Sccondy intituled, An a<ft for repairing and widening the high roads from Bafingfioh through Popbam-laney SuttonB Scotney9 and Stockbridgey in the county of Soutbamptony to a place called Lobcomb-corner, in the f ounty of IVilts \ and alfo for repairing aod widening the road from Spittlehoufe over JVeybtll to Mullen's Pondy in the faid county of Southampton; as relates to the roads f rom Bafingftoke to Lobcomb-corner, in the county of Wilts.

Vo*. XXXI.	X	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo fcxto Georgii III. c.63—72.	[1776.

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the twenty fecond year of the reign of hi^ late Majefly, intituled, An a<ft for repairing the road from the Weft Cowgdte, near the town of New erf le upon Tyne, through the welt end of Kenton, Pont 'Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, B elf ay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north fide of the river Wanfpcck, in the . county of Northumberland.

CAP. LXIX.

An aft for continuing the term and varying the powers of two nfts, pajfed in the third and feventeenth years of his late majefy King George the Second, fer repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city fl/Rocheftcr, to Saint Dun-ftan’s Crofs near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the prefent turnpike road at or near a place called Makenade-corner, in the parijh of Prefton, to Baghant-crois and Shalmsford-lanc-end, in the \parijh of Chiiham, in the faid county.

C A	LXX.	I

An aft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an oft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign cf his late Majejly, for widening and repairing the road leading from Horfham, in the epunty of Sujfex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leather-head, to the watch-houfe in Ebbijbam, in the county of Surry, and from Capel to Stone ftr at, in the parifh of Ockley, in the faid county of Surry.

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for amending and keeping in repair the road from Doncafter to the turnpike-road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in (be counties of York and Nottingham.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second,'intituled. An a<5t for repairing and widening the roads leading from the eaft fide of Lincoln-heath, to the city of Peterborough ; and from the eaft end of Marham-lane, to the town of Walton, in the county of Northampton 3 . and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Colferwortb\ and from Donningttm Nigh Bridge, to the crofs-poft, in the parifh of Hacconby; and from the eaft end of a lane called Hale-drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of Long-hedge, in th« parilh of ^uarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

CAT*.

Digitized by

Google

1776.] Anno decimo fexto GeoRGH III: c.73—77.	293

CAP.* LXXIIL

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majijly King George the Second, intituled, An ad for repairing and widening the.road from the White Stoop near the north end of the town of Derby, . through the towns of Duffidd and Chejlerfieldin the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield\ in the county of York; and from the faid town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of IVirkfworth, in the faid county of Derby.

CAP. LXXIV.

Anaft for enlarging the term and powers of two afts, made in the twenty-fecond and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wanford-bridge In th« county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the faid county; and for repairing and widening the road from thi north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike-road in the parijh of Bourn, to the market-crofs in Bourn.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the market-crofs in the townfhip of Clithero, to Salford-bridge in the town of Blackburn, in the county palatine ^Lancafter.

CAP. LXXVI.

An an to continue and render more ejfenual feveral afts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate-gatehoufe and Hampftead, and other roads in the faid afts mentioned\ in the county of Middlefcx; and alfG to continue and render more ejfeftual\

An ad to enable the relpedive truftees of the turnpike-roads leading to Highgate-gatehoufe and Hampjlead, and from Saint Giles's-pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the Great Northern Road at IJlington to the Edgeware Rood near PadJing-ton, fo far as the Jame is by the faid aft direfted to be under the # care ana management of the trujlees of the faid firjl mentioned afts; and for making a road from the faid new road, near Queen’s-row, to Bagnigge-wafh, and for watchings lightings and watering thi faid roads.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majefly King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woojferton and Little Hereford, to a place called Monk's-bridge, in the faid county; and a^fo from the faid town of Ludlow to a place or houfe called The Maidenhead at Orletony in the county of Hereford.	,

C A P.

Anno dccimo fexto Georgii III. c. 78—83* [1776.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering, explaining,	enlarg-

ing the powers of an aft of the twenty ftxtb of King George thi Second, for repairing and widening the feveral roads therein mentioned in the county of Worcefter, and for repealing fo much of an aft of the feventh year of bis prefent Majejly, as relates to the rod from Knightsford-bridge to a certain houfe at Red Marley, in the parijb of Great Witlcy, in the faid county, and for putting tit fame under the management of the trufees for executing the faid firjl \ mentioned aft 5 and for amending other roads therein mentioned*

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft far continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two fevered afts of parliament refptfting roads near the borough of Afhbur-ton, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefys reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of lVarwiclt through Soutbam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.	!

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pa [fed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second) intituled, An adt for repairing and widening the road from Leicejier to Narborough, and from Leicejler to Coventry, aod from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick and. from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon9 and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter leading towards Stone-leigh town; and for fupplying an omiflion in an adt, pafled in the laft feflSon of parliament, for repairing the road from Lei-teller to AJhby-de-la-Zoucb, in the county of Leicejler \ fo far as toe [arise relates to the road from Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the faid city of Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter.

CAP. LXXXII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft9 pojfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majtjiy King George the Second, ft far as relates to repairing the road from Tadcaftcr to Haltoa-dyal, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIIL	I

An aft for repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the prefent turnpike road at Elfdon Highcrofs, near the town of Elfdon, in the county ^Northumbedand, on the nortb-eajl fide of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleueh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

1

Digitized by UooQle

THE

Statutes at Hajcge,

Anno	decimofeptimo	Ge o r g i i III. Regis*

Being the THIRD Seflion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn,Efq>

Voi, XXXIPart mi

Digitized by v^ooQle

Digitized by

Google

	A	
T	A B L	E
	O F T H E	
S T	A T U T	E S

PUBLICK. and PRIVATE,

PaCTed Anno decimo feptimo

GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the Third Seffion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. i.TT*OR granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven.

Cap. 2, For continuing and granting to his * Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven.

Cap. 3. For punilhing mutiny and defertion j and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on ftiore.

Cap. 5. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Saint Mary I/lington, in the county of Middleftx; and for building a workhoufe for the faid parifh.

Cap. 6. For vefting in David Hartley efquire, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, the foie ufe and property of a certain method by him invented of fecuring buildings againft the calamities of fire, throughout his Majetty’s dominions for a limited time.

a 2	Cap.



Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap* y. For enabling the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commifiions to the commanders of private (hips and vcflels, employed in trade, or retained in his Majefty’s fervice, to take and make prize of all fuch (hips and veflels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. To amfend fo much of an adt* made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft jer eftablijbhg certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual eledtion of directors of the faid company is to be made.

Cap. 9. To impovver his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpedted of, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in Amer't-ca,4 or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 10. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathingof the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufend feven hundred and feventy feven.

Cap. ii. For more effedtually preventing frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufadtures of combing wool, worfted yarn, and goods made from worfted, in the counties of York, Lancajler, and Chejier. #

Cap. 12. For building a bridge acrofs the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in the parifh of Brofeley% to or near a place called The Shcep-wajh, iq the parifh of Sutton Madded, in the County of Salop \ and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the fame.

Cap. 13. For continuing, for a limited time, an adt made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prevent frauds and abufes m the admeafurement of coals (old by wharf-tneafure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower-dock and LimehouJe-bole, in the county of Mii-dlefex.

Cap. 14. To enable his Majefty to licence a theatre in the city of Chejier.

Cap. 15. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parifhes of Hallifaxy Bradford^Kighley^ Bingley,Guifeley, Caber ley y Bat ley y Birfal, Mirfieldy Hartifbead cum Clifton, Almondr bury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and thejordlhip or liberty of Tongy in the weft riding of the county of York\ and for extending the jurifdidtion of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefrafty manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingleyy in the faid county.

Cap. 16. For limiting the exemptions from toll (granted by any adt or adts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pafture.

Can. 17. For dividing the chafe of Enfield, in the county of Middlcfex’t and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cup. id. For enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons,

of

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of t{ie city of London, to purchafe the prcfent tolls aru^ duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, weftward of Lon-don-bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for laying a fmall toll in lieu thereof, for the purpofe of more effectually completing the faid navigation ; and for other purpofes.

Cap, 19. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parilh of Old Swinford, in the counties of Worcefer and Stafford.

Cap. 20. For coritinuing two ads, made in the fixth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and in ther twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one-fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fold within the town of Burntifland, and , liberties thereof, for increafing the publick revenue of the faid town, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. For the better fupport of his Majefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap, 22. For opening communications between Wrapping* ftreet and Rat cliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Fir-ginia-Jireet; and for paving certain ftreets intended to be built* and alfo certain other ftreets and publick paffages and places within the parilhes of Saint George and Saint John of flapping in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 23. For lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the ftones end next Blackman-Jireet, in the parilh of Saint Alary, Newington, in the county of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the fame parilh, and the feveral roads, ways, and places, therein deferibed, communicating therewith.

Cap. 24. For expediting the fale of eftates in Scotland belonging to the York-buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

Cap. 25, For widening, cleanfing, and lighting, the feveral ftreets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other publick paffages, within the town of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; arvd for removing all other nuifances and incroach-ments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the faid town.

Cap, 26. For regiftering the grants of life annuities; and for the better protection of infants againft fuch grants.

Cap. 27. For allowing a drawback of the duties of cuftoms on the exportation of tea to Ireland.

Cap. 28. To revive and continue fuch part of an aCV, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majejly s fugar colonies in America, and to the ijland of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging tojhe united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador ; and for indemnifying all perfons with refpeft to adviftng or carrying into execution his Myrjlfs orders of council already made for

33

'allowing

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as expired on the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feven* ty-feven.	'

Cap. 29. For the more effectual prevention of the manufao tjuring of aih, elder, floe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of cfccife in refpedt to tea.

Cap. 30. For further reftraining the negotiation of protqiftbry notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Qreat Britain called England.

Cap. 31. To enable the commiffioners for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to make an agreement or compofition with the feverai fureties of William Brown, and the reprefentatives of fuch of the faid fureties as are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on feverai tobacco bonds, entered into and executed by fuch fureties refpedively; and that they and their eftates and effelts may be acquitted and difeharged therefrom.

Cap. 32. For building a new church within the town and pari (h of Buckingham.

Cap. 33. To allow the matter dyers, within the counties of Middlefex, Effex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have notferved apprenticefhips thereto.

Cap. 34. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Maietty*s (flips of war, and on board merchant (hips and other trading (hips and veflels.

Cap. 35. For further continuing an a£t, patted in the lixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An oft to prohibit the importation of foreign-wrought ftlks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the flk manufafture.

Cap. 36. For enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings of commiffioners or truftees for putting in execution certain a<5ts of this leffion of parliament.

Cap. 37. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped j and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attor-fiics and fblicitors.

Cap. 38. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred apd feven ty-feven.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majefty a duty upon all fervants ^retainer! 6r pmployfd in the feverai capacities therein mention-

‘ ‘	"	’ ■	'	  ed*

,	Digitized	by	Google •

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ed; and for repealing feveral rates 2nd duties upon glafs, impof-* ed by an a& made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof, and for the better colie&ing the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged by an a& made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all perfons and bodies politick and corporate having certain quantities of filver plate.

Cap. 40. To authorife the carrying of the captures therein mentioned into any part of his tylajcfty’s dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the value of fuch part of (hips and goods as belong to the recaptors.

Cap. 41. To prevent the clandeftine unlhipping from and receiving goods at fea on board veffels employed in the Eaft India company’s fervicc; for ascertaining the manner of difcharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters of Britijb or Irijb (hips, failing from any of his Majefty’s dominions into the Balticiy to deliver a manifefto of their cargoes to the Britijb con-Ail rcfiding there.

Cap. 42. For preventing abufes in the making and vending bricks and tiles.

Cap. 43. For repealing the eleventh rule in the book of rates, fo far as the fame relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raifins, and for making the importer of fuch goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the faid rule with refpe& to fuch allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britijb fugar colonies or plantations in the JVeJl Indies, for a limited time.

Cap. 44. To continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of indico in the Britijb plantations in America; to the regiftering the prices at which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch bark (hall exceed a certain rate; to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the ifiand of Dminica into any other of. the Britijb iflands, colonies or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britijb^ made cordage.

Cap. 45. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief pf proteftant purchasers.

Cap. 46. For raifing a certain fum pf money by way of annuities, and for eftablifhing a lottery.

Cap. 47. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand fcven hundred and Seventy-feven; and for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in this fefiion of parliament.

Cap. 48. For rendering more effectual an a& made in the

a 4	four-

Digitized by

Google'

A TaSLEof the STATUTES*

fburteertth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fur prbniot* ing the difcovery of a method for finding the longitude at fea, To far as relates to the encouragement and reward of perfons making lefler difeoveries for finding the fame* or making other tafeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation; and to the tnaking of experiments relating thereto*

Cap. 49. To enable the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to compound a debt due to the crown from the eftateof tViliiam Harry deceafed, and his furcties*

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences* to be taken out by all perfons a&ing as auctioneers^ and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfes, goods, and other things, fold by auction; and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inftruments.

Cap. 51. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned*

Cap. 52. For better fecuring the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the fugar plantations put into warehoufes; and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as ftores, to be confirmed on board merchant (hips on their voyages, for a limited time.

Cap. 53* To prortiote the refidence of the parochial clergy, by making provifion for the more fpeedyand effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchafing houfes, and other neceffary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of their benefices.

Cap. 54. For defraying the expellee of building a new gaol and (hire-hall for the county of Wejlmoreland.

Cap. 55. For the better regulating the hat manufactory.

Cap. 56. For amending and rendering more effectual the fe-Veral laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, Fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures; and alfo for making provifions to pres ent frauds by journeymen dyers.

Cap. 57. For more effectually fecuring the property of prints to inventers and engravers, by enabling them to fue for and recover penalties in certain cafes.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the publick gaol of the county of War* tvicky and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 59. To repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the teign or King Charles the Second, intituled, The majler of the rolls impoivertd to make leafes for years, in order to new-build the old heujes belonging to the rolls ; and for the better regulating the method of granting leafes of tlie faid rolls eftate for the future; and for making competifation to the earl of Macclesfield, and fir The-tnas Seu.cH, for their beneficial rights and interefts in certain leafes made of the rolls eftatc; and for regulating the method of making l<.a:eN of the faid eftate for the future.

60. For inclofing 3nd cmbellifhing the middle part of . Herd on fquare, in the pari ill of Saint Leonard) Shoreditch, in the

county

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

bounty of Middlefex ; and for extinguifhing all right of common in and upon the faid fquare.

'Cap. 61. To enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Wejlmin/ler> to open a ftreet from the foath end of Long-ditcb to the north end of Smitb-Jlrcet, and to widen part of TothilUflreety and of Long-ditch a fore fa id ; and to widen the paflage between Orchard-Jlreet, and the new intended ftreet, and alfo to widen Wood-ftreet, and'to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanftuary into Dcan's-yard% within tVe city and liberty of Wefminfter.

Cap. 6i. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts* within the federal parifhes of Surfleet, Gojberton, uadring, Don-ington% Bittery Swinejbeady Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkiri, Fofdihi Kirten> Frahxptony Wiberton, and Brotbertofty within the hundred of Kirton, in tt^ parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To explain and amend an a<5t, made in the fourteenth year of the r*ign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for paving, repairings lightings and watching the flreets, and other publick pajfages and places, within that part of the parijb of Clerk-enwell called Saint James’s, and removing objlruftions and annoyances therein 1 for widening the pajfage from Clerkenwell-green* to the parijb churchy and for watching and lighting certain highways within the faid parijb y for repairing the highways in the Ubi pa-ri(h,and cleaning the faid part of the bid parifh; for widening the paflage from Glerkenwell-clofe to Rofomarfs Streets and from Rofoman's Street to Saint John-Jlreet ; and for building a chapel in the faid parifh.

Cap. 64. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Saint Mary Abbotts> Kenfmgton% in the county of M'tddlejex\ and fqr other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 65. For amending and rendering more effectual an aeft, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the feveral parijhes of Sutton, Mep*lt Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal-fen, in the Ifleof Ely, and county of Cambridge; and alfo in the parijhes of Somerfham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, fo far as the fame relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parifhes of Suttony Mepaly Witchamy Chatteris, and a place Called Byal-feriy in the Ifle of Ely.

Cap. 66. For eftablifhing a nightly watch within the hamlet of Mile-end Old Towny in the parifh of Saint Dunjlan Stepney, othejwife Stebonheathy in the county of Mtddlejex.

Cap. 67. For varying and enlarging the powers of an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,/^r making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties oj the city of Chefter, to or near Middlewich, and Nantwich, in the county of Chefter.

Cap. 68. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Severny at Maifemorey near the city of Gloucejler, for raifing, widening, and Securing Over's Caufeway, leading from the faid city towards

Maifi-

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

AJaifemore aforefaid ; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleaning of the feveral ftreets within the faid city, and for re* moving nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 69. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordlhips of Sawley and LongEa-ton9 in the county of Derby, to or near Langley-bridge^ in the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

Cap. 70. For dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, within the parifti dBilling* hay9 in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and preferring the faid dales and common fen, and alfo certain inclofed low lands thereto adjoining in the faid parifh.

Cap. 71. To enable the feoffees and truftees of an eftate in the county of Middlefex, given by Lawrence Sheriff* for the founding and maintaining a fchool and alms-houfe? at Rugby 9 in the county of Warwick, to fell part of the fai<* eftate, or to grant leafes thereof, or of any part thereof, and to effeduate the other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 72. To enlarge the term ar*^ powers of an ad, made in the fecond year of his prefent M'Jefty’s reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and (horteni^g* the road leading from the turnpike yad on Farrard’s Common, in the parifh of Bradford, through Holt and Melkjbam9 to Roman's Stile9 in the parifh of Loycock9 in the county of Wilts» and for completing a communication between the faid road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingff * down-bill9 in the fame county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield9 and from Kighley to HaUifax9 and from Dulley-hill through Beckwitb-Jhaw to Kil/inghally and from Beck* witkfbaw to the fouth- weft corner of Harrogate Inclofwres9 in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the road from a place called Crouch~killy in the parifh of Henfield9 to the turnpike road leading from Brightbeimjlone to Cuckfield9 and from the eaft fide of the faid turnpike road to the town of Ditckling, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 75. To repeal an ad of the thirty third year of his late Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair feveral xoads leading from the market-houfe in the town of Kiddermin-fter9 in the county of WorceJler\ and alfo to repeal fo much of two ads of the tenth of his late Majefty, and the feventh of his prefent Majefty, as relate to the road from the Mitre-oak to u farm-houfe called Goodnefs; and from Tuton-brook to the hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the faid county; and to difeontinue the powers of an ad of the eighth of his prefent Majefty; fo far as relate to the road from the Crofs of the Hands near Goodnefs Farm9 to a place called The Spqut-, and tor more effectually amending, widening,

Digitized by Google



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

log, 2nd keeping in repair, the feveral roads defcribed in the firft-mentioned aft ; and alfo feveral other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 76. For continuing the term of two afts pafled in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of his late ir>2jefty King Georgs the Second, for repairing the road leading from the moji fouthern part of Butt-lane, in the parifh of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chcfter to Lawton, and from thence to Henfhall’s Smithy, upon Cranage-green, in the faid*county.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty,for repair-ing the roads from the town of Le'eds, through Harwood, to the foutb-wefl corner of the inclofures 0/* Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knarefborough and Burrough-bridge) to Ripon, and front thence to the fir ft rill of water or water courje on Hutton-moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the floughs or ruts on the faid moor; fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from the Ibuth-weft corner of the inclofures of Harrogate (through Knaref* borough) to Borough-bridge*

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two afts of parliament, one pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the fouth-wefl corner of the inclofures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knarelborough and Boroughbridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the jirjl rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton-moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the floughs or ruts on the faid moor; and the other pafled in the twenty-ninth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, to explain and amend the faid firft-mentioned aft; with refpeft to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the fouth-weft corner of the inclofures of Harrogate.

Cap. 79. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads in the counties of ^Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltafh, in the tounty of Cornwall.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of two afts of parliament, one pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the foutb-wefl corner of the inclofures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knarefborough and Borough-bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the firfl rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton-moor, \n the county of York, and for repairing the floughs or ruts on the faid moor; and the other pafled in the twenty ninth year of his faid Majefty’s reign,to explain and amend the faid firft-mentioned aft: wi^h refpeft to thofe parts of the faid roads from Harrogate,

through

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

through Ripley and Ripon, to the north-eaft corner of Hutto-moor, and from the eaft ehd of Kir by-bill-moor to the town of Ripon a fore fa id.

Cap. 81. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft made in the thirty -firft year of the reign of his late Majefty,/i?r repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge, i* the county a/Devon, to Gaflring-gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the (aid county.

Cap. 82. For enlarging the term and powers of three feveral afts of parliament, for repairing the roads therein mentioned in the county of Burts, fo far as the faid afts relate to the road from the weft end of the town of Wendover to the end of a lane called Oak-lane, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and alfo half a mile of road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the faid county.

Cap. 83. For continuing the term of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, yir repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham-hill, near the city •	New Sarum, in the county 0/*Wilts, through the towns of Bland-

ford Forum and Dorchefter, to a certain intrenchment on Afker-well-hill, in the county tf/Dorfer, and from the indexpoft on the fide &f Harnham-hill aforejaid to a houfe called Matter Baker’s Farm* houfe, in the faid county of Wilts.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an aft paffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagftiot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertford-bridge-hill, in the county 0/* Southampton.

Cap. 85. To enlarge the term and powers of two afts, paffed . in the fecond and twenty-fecond years of his late Majefty’s reign, for repairing the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominjler, in the county of Hereford•

Cap. 86. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging feveral of the powers contained in an aft, made in the fevcnth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole and IVinborn-minJUr, in the county of Dorfet, to the turnpike road in the parifh of Brianjlon, in the faid county of Dor-ft, which leads from Blandford-forum to Dorchejler.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the terms and powers of twro afts, paffed in the fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of his late Majefty’s seign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the * town of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of fork.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and altering the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of hft late Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned, in the counties of IVarwick and Oxford, fo far as relates to the road from the gui 'e-poft in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the midway leading towards the city of Oxford.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft paffed in the twenty-fixth ) ear of the reign of his late majefty King George

the

Digitized by v^rOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The Half-way-houfe, in the phrijb of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorfet, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Char'd, to the eajl end of the town of Axminfter, in 'the county of Devon, and fveral other reads round the town of Yeovil, in the county of So-merfet; and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the parilh of Yeovill\ and the road from Chard to Cheefeway-efh\ ;md from IVhite Down to Perry-flreety in Charily and from thence to the turnpike road near Tytbcrleigb lnny in the faid county of Dorfet.

Cap. 90. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairings and amending the roadifrom the town 0/* Halifax, andfrom Sowerby-bridge, in tie county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Lit* tleborough, in the county 0/Xancafter,

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road leading front the Maypole, in the town of Henfield, over Poynings common, to the town of Brightbelmftone\ and frorri Poynings common afore-faid, to High-crofsy in the parifh of Albourne; and from thence, for the diftance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham; and from the marle-pit near the bottom of Saddlefcombe-hill, in the parifh of Newtimber, to the marle-pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the fame parifh, in the county of Suffex.

Cap. 92. For repealing fo much of two aefts made in the eleventh and feventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the gaol-bridge in the faid town of Derby, through the town of Ajbborne, to Hurdloe-houfe in the faid county, for making more effectual provision for the repair of the faid road; and for enabling the truftees to alter part of the courfe of the prefent road between Ajbborne and the New-inn turnpike.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term and powers of an a<ft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign ot his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile-fone beyond Willoughby-hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to Milburne-port; and from Willoughby-hedge aforefaid to the weft end 0/* Long-lane, in Kilmington; andfrom Wincanton aforefaid ta the Sherborn turnpike crofsrgate on Cattle-hill, and . i from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 94. For repairing and widening the road from Stall-gate Clofti at the fouth-weft end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill; and from the faid town of Ampthill to Woburn Parks in the county of Bedford 5 and alfo the road branching out of the fame in Rempftonfteld to the turnpike rdad leading from Hitcbin to the faid town of Bedford.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a& of parliament, made in the twenty ninth year

of

Digitized by





A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of his late Majefty,for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerfet, and for repairing and widening the ftreet from the north or north-eaft end of Coombe-Jlreet, along Patwett-Jlreet, in the faid town of Brewton, to the fouth or fouth-eaft fide of Z)jr-moncFs River.

Cap. 96. To enlarge the term and powers of an a£f, pafled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 07. For repealing an ,adt, made in the twenty-feventh year of nis late majefty King George the Second, for amending,, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Union-point, near the town of Uckfield, in the county tf/'Suflex, to Langney-abridge in the parijh of Weft ham, in the faid county, and for more effectually repairing the faid road; and alfo for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the fide-gate on the Horje-bridge turnpike road, in the parifh of Heltinglyy to the turnpike road leading from Crofs-in-band to Burwajh, in the faid county.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Combe-bridge, through Winfley and Bradford, to Staverton-bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on AJhton- common, and alfo the road from Bradford-bridge to Cockhill-gate, all in the county of Wilts; and for making effectual provifion for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokeford, in the fame county.

Cap. 99. For amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of JVarminJlery in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Brijlol divide*; and from the town of From to the town of Beckington, in the county of Somerfet 5 and for repealing an a<S, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, relating to the faid roads; and for repairing the road from or near the Red-lion in the parifh of Wooherton, in the faid county of Somerfet, to Rode-bridge, and from the faid bridge to the turnpike road leading from Trow-bridge by White-trough to Beckington afore faid.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening feveral roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the county of Merionethy and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop.

Cap. 101. For repealing fo much of three a&s, made in the eleventh, feventeenth, and thirty-third years of the reign of King J George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading to and ] from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the I road leading from the north fide of Cwendi/b bridge, in the faid ] county of Derby, through the faid town of Derby to Bfafpngten, in the faid county; and for making more effectual provifion for the repair of the laid Foad.

Cap. 102. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton, to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripen, near OkbecKy in the townftiip of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knarejh-

rough

Digitized by Google



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rough to Wetherby, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 103. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookbill, in the pari Qi of Chic krill, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Dorfet.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair feveral roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Pools, called Poole-gate, and for repealing two aCts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majefty relating to the faid roads; and alio for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing * certain ftreet or way within the faid town and county.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from the turnpike road in the parifti of AJlball, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buck-land, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the fame riding.

Cap. 107. For repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of Dumfreis*, and for converting the ftatute labour within the faid county into money; and for applying the fame towards repairing the highways within the fame county.

Cap- 108. For amending the road from the fouth eaft end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicejler, to Derby-bridge, near The Rujfhes, and from the faid bridge to the fouth end of Cavendijh-bridge, in the fame county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an a&, made in the twenty- ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the prefent turnpike road, at the foot o£ Bracebridge bridge, over the faid bridge, weftward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter-bill 5 and. from the termination of the prefent turnpike road at the foot of Canwick-hill, fouthward, to a windmill at the top of the laid hill.

Cap. no. For repairing and widening the road from Gate-Jbead, in the county of Durham, to the church-lane near Ryton Longhead \ and from the Bar-moor to the Hexham turnpike road ■near Dilflon bar, in the county of Northumberland; and alfo the sroad from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver-hill, and for making a road crofs certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees ■ efquire, in the parifti of Ryton, in the county of Durham.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the ro'ad leading from Tal y Cafo Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns oj Con-way, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town of Pwllhely, in the fame county; and alfo for repairing and widening the roads from c	Tal

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Taly Cafn Ferry aforefaid, on the Denbighjhire fide of the River Ccnway, to join the* turnpike road between Conway and Saint Afaph, at a place called Sarny Mynech; and from the turppike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Abtr, over Bwlcky Ddwyfaen Mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforefaid, and from thence to the town of Llanrwd in the county of Denbigh,

PRIVATE ACTS.

I.	A Nafl for dividing and inclofing the commons and wade

il grounds in the manor and parifti of Crowntborfef in the county of Norfolk.

2.	An adt for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb.

3.	An adt for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Melaffe*

4.	An adt for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

5.	An adt for naturalizing Paul Johan Cbrijlian Tax and Join Vallientine Gottlieb.

6.	An adt for vetting the feveral redtorics,parfonages,churche$, and chapels, of Rockburney Beeamore, South Charford, Halty JVhitfbury, and <2>uideJIey% with the glebe lands, tithes, and other appurtenances, thereto refpedlively belonging, part of the fettled eftate of the moft noble George Duke of Mancbejler, in truftetf, upon certain trutts therein exprefied ; and for fettling other lands and hereditaments of the faid Duke, in lieu thereof to the feveral ufes therein mentioned.

7.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common pattures, within the manor and parifti of Thorpe Malfor, in the county of Northampton.

8.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and watte grounds, in the parifti of Tanfor, in the county cf Northampton.

9.	An adt to enable the mayor, aldermen, and burgefles, of the town of Great Torrington, in the county of Devon, and other truftees, to grant part of the common or watte lands called Great Torrington common, to fVilliam Callon9 purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe, and other the purpofes therein mentioned,

10.	An adt for dividing and inclofing an open watte or com* mon, called IVeJlergate common, in the parifti of Aldingborne9 id the county of Sujfcx.

11.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, pattures, commons, or watte grounds, within the lordfhip or liberty and parilh of Hatherney in the county of Leicejler.

12.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open fields and mci* (lows within the parifti of Shep[bead% in the county of Leittfitr9 r the common ground lying within the ring fence of the lame l and adjoining thereto, within the fiune parifti $ and alio

fcvciil

Digitized by v^rOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

feveral clofes or parcels of land and groupd, called Tbe Carrs and Michaelmas grounds, within the faid parifh.

13.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parifh of Holcot, in the county of Northampton.

14.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds within the manor or lord (hi pot King's Meaburn, in the parifh of Moreland, in the county of WeJlmorelantL .

15.	An adt for dividing and inclofing a certain piece of common or wafte ground, lying in the villages of Horncliff and Horn-cliff Lane End, in the parifh of Norham, in the county of Durham,

16.	An adt for dividing and inclofing feveral commons or wafte grounds, open common fields, undivided indofures, and other commonable lands, within the manor and parifh of Thor-err, in the weft riding of the county of York.

17.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the moors, commons, or wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Rednaly in the parifh of IVefl Felton, in the county of Salop.

18.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parifh'of Tempsford, in the county of Bedford.

19.	An adt to enable John Fames, a minor, and his iflue, to take apd ufe the furname of Waighty purfilant to the will of John Waight efquire, deceafed.

20.	An adt for naturalizing George William Soltau, Gerhard Berckj Htnry Albrecht Hammelburg, apd Gunter Henry Kroger,

21.	An adt for naturalizing Ernejl Bernerd Banning.

22.	An adt for naturalizing John Centlivres.

23.	An act for naturalizing Marcellin Pernoud.

24.	An adt for naturalizing William Aguiton.

25.	An adt for naturalizing Willem Vlught.

26.	An adt for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot.

27.	An adt for verting certain eftates of Robert Ladbroke efquire, in the City of London, and counties of Middlejex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in truftces, to be fold; and for laying out the monies to arife thereby in the pqrchafe of other manors, lands, and hereditaments* to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid fettled eftates now ftand limited.

28.	An adt to difeharge certain copyhold premifes, in the parifh of Hejlon, in the county of Middlefex, from the ufes and trufts thereof, declared by the will of Mary Wotton deceafed; and to fubjedt and charge the fame copyhold premifes, and alfo certain freehold lands lying contiguous thereto, within the faid parifh, with the payment of a perpetual yearly rent charge of twelve pounds to the Reverend John Gibfon clerk, and his fuc-ceflors, vicars of the faid parifh, for the ufe of the poor df the fame parifh; and for fettling and afTuring the fame premifes fo charged in the truftees of Rupert Clarke efquire, upon the trufts therein mentioned.

29.	An adt for verting part of the fettled eftates of Robert

you XXXI.	Jb	Grim-

Digitized by Google

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

Kytintjion efquire, at Thtving and Often, in the parilh of Tbwinj upon the Woulds, in the eaft riding of the county of Yor^ tr. the faid Robert Grimflon, in fee-fimple ; and for fettling aiveftate of the faid Robert Grimflon, in the townlhip of Nefwick, in the pa-rifh of Bainton, in the faid eaft riding of the county of York, of greater value in lieu thereof; and for other purpofes.

30.	An a6t for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and other unincloied grounds, within the townlhip of Tunftall in Holdernefs, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

31.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures, in the parilh of Syfim, in the county of Leicefier, and feveral parcels of uninclofed land, in the parilh of Barkby, in the faid county of Leicefler, lying within the ring of the faid fields.

32.	An ad for dividing and allotting the feveral open and common fields, paftures, and other uninclofed grounds, within the townlhip of Boynton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

33.	An ad for dividing and indofing a common moor, or trad of wafte ground, called Lees Fell, otherwife Morralee, and Strutber's Gommon, and Hagbank, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parilh of Warden, in the county of Northumberland.

34.	An ad for dividing and indofing the commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Compton Bi-Jhop, commonly called or known by the name of Crofs Moor alias Charles Moor, in the county of Somerfet.

35.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Swinflsad, and county of Lincoln.

36.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open common fields, common paftures, wafte grounds, and commonable places, in the parilh of Duntifborne Abbotts, in the county of Gloucejier.

37.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the parilh of Kirniugton otherwife Kirmington, in the county of Lincoln.

38.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Sbirland, in the county of Derby.

39.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Strettyn, in the parilhes of Notthwingfield and Morton, in the county of Derby.

40.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, mea-

dows and grounds, in the parilh oi JVintborpe, in the county of Nottingham.	\

41.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain com* mom or wafte lands, lying in the parilh of Huntfpill, in the county of Somerfet $ and alio certain moors, called Land Moor otherwife Cote Moor and Gold Corner, lying in .or near the faid parilh of Huntfpill and Cofjfugm, in the faid county*

.	42-	An

*	Digitized	by	Google	I

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

42.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, arid improving Wallingfenf in the oaft riding of trie county of fort,

43.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, aligning, and allotting, the open and common field, and commonable land, lying within

the liberties, territories, and precinfts, bf Ludgerjhally in the	»

county of Buckingham.

44.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and ftinted paftures, within the townfhip of Bugthorpt, in the county of Yorks and for exempting the lands, tenements, and front-fteads, within the parilh of Bugthorpe, from the payment of tythes, and other ecclefiaftical dues$ and for other purpofes therein contained.

45.	An aft for dividing and inclofing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor9 and certain wafte grounds in the townfhip of Fremington, in the parifh of Grinton, in the north riding of the county of York.

46.	An aft for dividing and inclofing Ayfgartb Pajlurt and jfyjgarth Moor or Common, in the townfhip and parifh of Ayfgarth* in the north riding of the county of York.

47.	An aft to diffolve the marriage of John Potter Harris efquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

48.	An adt to enable Jervoife Clarke efquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Jervoife, purfuant to the will of Thomas Jervoife efquire, deceased.

49.	An aft to enable the archbifhop of Canterbury and Daniel Ponton efquire, to grant building leafes, purfuant to an agreement entered into for that purpofe.

50.	An aft for vefting'in the right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called lord Robert Spencer9 and the moft noble George duke of Malborough, one of the knights companions of the moft noble order of the garter, and the heirs and atligns of the faid duke of Malborough, the fettled eftates of the faid lord Robert Spencer, fituate in the county of Lincoln.

51.	An act for fale of part of the fettled eftate of fir Thomas Broughton baronet, fituate in the county of Stafford; and for pur-chafing other eftates, fituate in the county ot Chejler9 to be fettled to the fame ufes; and for extinguishing the laid fir Thomas Broughton's power of making leafes for lives, as to part of his fettled eftate in the county of Chejler, and making fuch recom-penceto him for the fame as therein is mentioned.

• 52. An aft to enable John Barneivall Curfon efquire, to fettle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry.

53.	An aft to enable Thomas Asfuton Smith efquire, and William Henry Ai/heton Smith his brother, to grant building, improving, and other leafes of the eftates deviled by the will of William Smith efquire, deceafed.

54.	An aft for vefting the undivided moiety of the reverend Henry Ofman clerk, and Mary his wife, of and in certain lands

b 2	and

Digitized by L^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and hereditaments, in the pariftiof Kings Langley, in the county of Hertford, in truftees, to be fold; arrd for applying part of the money arifmg by fuch fale in difeharge of an incumbrance upon 4he faid moiety; and for laying out the refidue thereof in the purchafe of entire mefluages, lands, or hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

55.	An a<£t for eftablifhing and confirming exchanges of divers mdfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate, (landing, lying, and being, within the hamlet of kVighthill, in the parifh of Tackley, in the county of Oxford, purfuant to articles of agreement between the prefident and fcholars of Corpus Chriffi College, in the uriiverfity of Oxford, and Simon fVifdome efquire; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

56.	An ad to enable the prefident and fcholars of the college of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the univerfity of Oxford, to grant building leafes of certain ground, mefluages, houfes, and build* ings, in the pafifti of Saint John9 Southwark, in the county of Surrey,

57.	An ad to enable the feoffees and truftees of an eftate in the county of Aftddlefex, given by Lawrence Sheriff\for the founding and maintaining a fchool and almfhoufes at Rugby, in the county of Warwick^ to fell part of the faid eftate, or to grant leafes thereof, or of any part thereof; and to effeduate the other purpofes therein mentioned.

58.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Bolton, in the county of Cumberland.

59.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain commons and waftes within the manor of Egremont, in the county of Cumberland.

60.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds, within the townfhips, villages, or hamlets of Carleton,

' Brifco, and Wreay, within the manor or lordfhip of Botchardgate, otherwife Prior Lordjhip, in the pari flies of Saint Cuthbert CarUfe* and Saint Mary Carlifle. in the county of Cumberland.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, 3nd wafte grounds, in Naffington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and JVocd-newton, within the prebend or peculiar of Woffington, in the county of Northampton.

62.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, heaths, half year lands, and other commonable meadows, paftures, and grounds, within the parilh of Little Creffingham, in the county of Norfolk.

63.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons, or wafte lands, within the manor of fVhiuington, in the county of Salop.

64.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral moors, commons, and wafte grounds, lying within the manor and parifh of Farlam, in the county of Cumberland. '

65.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral moors, commons, and wafte grounds, lying within the manor and parifh of Brampton, in the county of Cumberland.

66.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and improving, certain

com-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

commons, lands, and grounds, in the townfhip of Tthjbelfy in the county of Derby.

67.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Wejlon under Wetheley, in the county of Warwick.

68.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Condicote, in the county of Glmcefter.

69.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the com-

mons and wafte lands, within the parifh of Wreningham9 in the county, of Norfolk.	1

70.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing,. the old whole year inclofures, common fields, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Carlton Rode, inthecounty of Norfolk.

71.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain trads of wafte grounds, moors, or commons, within the manor and barony of Prudeboty and parifh of Ovinghamy in the county of Northumberland.

72.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields and commonable places of and within the parifh of Welfordy in the county of Northampton.

73.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and commonable lands within the manor and parifh of Stanton Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

74.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common field and commonable lands lying within the townfhips and liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourtony in the parifh of Cropredy, in the county of Oxford.

75.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the dole or heath lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Felthorpe, in the county of Norfolk.

76.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open common fields, common meadows, common downs, wafte lands, and commonable places, within the parifh of Market Latrington, in the county of Wilts.

77.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a common or moor, called Howtell Common alias Houfedon, in the parifh of Kirknew-iony in the county of Northumberland.

78.	An ad for confirming exchanges of lands and tithes of and in the open and uninclofed common fields, within the manor and parifh of Wendover, in the county of Buckingham; and for eftablifhing and fecuring certain annual payments in lieu of tithes.

79.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds, and certain common fields, and alfo two mofles, called JVaitham Mofs and Hilderjione Mofs, within the manor of Tea-lands, in the parifh of Warton, and county palatine of Lancafler.

80.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwelly in the

parifh

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parhh of Rothley, in the county of Leicejter.

81.	An adl for dividing and inclofing three feverJl moors or commons, called Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holmey and The High Moory (ituate in the feveral townlhips of Kirkby Raven/-wortb, Ravenfworth, and Wajhton, in the parilh of Kirkby Ravenfi worth, in the north riding of the county of York.

82.	An adl to diflolve the marriage of John Braithwaite efquire, with Elifabeth Browney his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

83.	An adl to enable William Kilborn and his iffue male to take and ufe the furname of Burrowesy purfuant to the will of John Burrowes deceafed.

84.. An adl for veiling the real eftates late of Ann Phillips fpinfter, now the wife of Henry Barnes gentleman, comprized in their marriage fettlement, (ituate in the county of Salcpy in tru-flees, to be fold ; and for applying the purchafe-money for the purpofes in the a& mentioned.

85.	An adl for veiling in truftees and their heirs certain eftates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, efquires, in the counties of Kent and Sujfexy in order to fell the fame, and, with part of the purchafe-money, to difeharge certain incumbrances thereon; and for laying out the refidue of the purchafe-money in the purchafe of other eftatdfc, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid eftates to be fold (land limited.

86.	An adl for difeharging part of the fettled eftates of Thomas Hull efquire, in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, from thenfes and trufts of his marriage fettlement; and for fettling other eftates, in the county of Devony in lieu thereof; and for other purpofes.

87.	An afor uniting and better regulating the charities of Nathaniel Waterhoufey within the town and parilh of Halifaxy in the weft riding of the county of York.

88.	An alt for veiling certain pieces or parcels of ground and hereditaments, in the county of Kenty part of the fettled eftate of William Wheatley efquire, in truftees, to be fold to fir Sampfm Gideon baronet, purfuant to agreement; and for laying out the money arifing by fale thereof in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

89.	An adl for veiling certain mefluages and hereditaments, in the feveral parilhes of Kirkwhelpingtony Lswicky and Simonburney in the county of Northumberland, late part of the eftate of fir* John Swinburne baronet, deceafed, in truftees and their heirs, in truft, to be fold, difeharged from the ufes, trufts, charges, and powers, ir\ the will of the faid John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the money to arife by fale thereof in manner therein mentioned; and for other purpofes therein exprefled.

90.	An act to enable William Jackfon and Hannah his wife to carry into execution an agreement for fale of certain hereditaments, fituateat or near Barney, in the county of Norfolk (being their fettled eftate) to Richard Reeve the younger, gentleman; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of other* hnds and hereditaments to be fettled to the ufes to which the faid fettled eftate doth now ftand limited.

91.	An ad for vefting certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the IJle of Wight, the fettled eftate of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardiff,\ in the county of Glamorgan Widow j and alfo a certain melTuage, and lands and hereditaments, of the warden and fcholars, clerks of Saint Maty College of JVinthe-Jler, near Winchejier, in the county of Southampton, in truftees, in truft, to fell and convey part of the faid fettled eftate, and alfo the faid eftate of the faid warden and fcholars, clerks, to fir Richard Worfley baronet; and other part of the laid fettled eftates, to the faid warden and fcholars, clerks; and to apply part of the money arifing from fuch fale, in paying off an incumbrance affecting part of the faid fettled eftate; and for laying out the refidue of the faid money in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes ; and to enable the (aid warden and fcholars, clerks, to take a conveyance of that part of the faid fettledeftates intended to be conveyed to them.

92.	An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of William Weddell efquire, in truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the money ariling by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof; and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

93.	An ad for vefting the real and perlonal eftate of John

Harvey gentleman, a lunatick, in truftees, in truft, to fell fo much thereof as will be fumcient for the payment of the debts and legacies of John Harvey>, his late father deceafed; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.	'

94.	An ad for repealing an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, intituled, An aft for vefting'tbe manors* lands, and tenements, both freehold and leafehold, comprized in the marriagefettlement of Charles Baldwin efquire, in trujlees,, to be fold; and for laying out the money arifing by fucb Jale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes whicn are now fubffiing with regard to the faid freehold Jettled fiats; and for fettling the faid manors, lands, and tenements, to new and other ufes.

95.	An ad for rendering valid and effedual a partition between Taylor IVkite efquire, and Sarah his wife, and Thomas Fowie efquire, and Ann his wife, of feveral eftates in the counties of Huntingdon, Leicejler, Cambridge, Effex* and Kent; and {or vefting and fettling the fame to the ufes, and upon the trufts, contained in their refpedive marriage fettlements; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

96.	An ad for confirming and eftabliftiing an exchange agreed to be made between the right honourable George lord Onflow and Cranley, and William Luck gentleman, and Edmund Luck* bis fon.

97.	An ad for vefting the freehold eftates, in the counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devifed by the will of Thomas Chamber-

a layne .

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

laynt efquire, deceafed, in Richard Combe efquire, in fee-fimple; and for fettling other eftates of the faid Richard Combe, in the county of Somerfet, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

98.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain common or wafte ground, called Halton Moor, in the townlhip of Halt on, in the manor of Templenewfam, in the parilh of IVtit-kirke, in the weft riding of the county of Tori.

99.	An a ft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and wafte lands, within the manor and parilh of Great Sturton, in the county of Lincoln.

100.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons or wafte grounds, within the feveral townfhips of' Kingjley, Newton near Kingfley, Norley, and Crowton, in the pa-rilhes of Frodjham and Weaverbam, in the county of Chcfler.

101.	An act for veiling part of the fettled eftates of fir WilHom Hamilton and dame Catherine his wife in truftees, to fell or exchange the fame; and for laying out the money to arife by &le thereof, in the purchafe of other mefiuages, lands, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

102.	An aft for fale of the fettled eftate of Philip Egerton ef-quire, in the county of Flint; and for invefting the money in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

103.	An aft to confirm and eftablilh articles of agreement,

for a partition or divifion of lands and hereditaments, in the*' counties of Northampton and Warwick, the eftates of John Clarke efquire, and Mary his late wife, deceafed \ and for fettling the ' fame to the ufes therein mentioned.	\

104.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, arable lands, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Killamarjb, in the county of Derby.

105.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the feveral parilhes and liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockkally or in foir.e or one of them, in the 9ounty of Northampton.

106.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, paftures, and common downs, in the parilhes of Shireborne and Wtndrujh, in the county of Gloucefler.

107.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common paftures, in the manor and parilhof Grafton Underwood, in the county of Northampton.

108.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, fens, heath, and wafte lands, within the manor and parilh of Metheringham, in the county of Lincoln.

109.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parilh of Candlejby, in the county of Lincoln.

no. An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte lands, and a dinted pafture, in the townlhip of New/bam, in the north riding of the county of Tori.

;ii. Aq

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the St ATtJTES.

In. An ad for dividing and indofing fcveral open common fields, common paftures, ings, common, and other wafte lands and grounds, within the townlhip and manor of Barmby upon ibe Moor, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

112.	An ad for dividing and indofing feveral open common arable fields, wolds', commons, and wafte grounds, in the town-(hips of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the parifti of North Newbald, in the county of York.

113.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parilh, and liberties of KiUefby, in the county of Northampton.

114.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral open arable fields, meadow and pafture grounds, and the common or moor, within the townftiip of Thornton, in the parifti of Fojhn, in the north riding of the county of York.

115.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, foreft, and wafte grounds, in the parifti of Fbrnsfield, in the county of Nottingham.

116.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parifti of Brampton, in the county of Lincoln.

117.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifties of Halam and Edingley, in the county of Nottingham.

118.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifti of Leadenham, in thi county of Lincoln.

119.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, downs, commons, and other commonable lands, within the townftiip of Uffington, and the hamlets of Balking and IVoolfton, otherwise Wooboerjlon, and within the hamlets of Kingjlon Life and Fawler, in the county of Berks.

120.	An ad for dividing and indofing the common fields, mefne inclofurcs, commons, or wafte grounds, within the townftiip of Monkbret ton other wife Burton, in the parifti of Roy-fttni, in the weft riding of the county of York.

121.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, and certain commonable lands, within the parifti of Farm-borough otherwife Farnborough, in the county of Berks.

122.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields and commonable grounds within the parifti of Gilmorton, in the county of Lcitejler.

123.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the open and Common fields, commonable lands, cow pafture, or ftirub, towngreen, heath, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifti of JVefion Colville, in the county of Cambridge.

124- An ad for dividing and indofing the moors, commons, or wafte grounds, within the manors of Bafchurch, Herat'yt Stanwardiue in the wood, JVefion, Lulling field, and Stanwardim w



Vol. XXXI.

c

the

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

tie fields* or fome of them, in the county of Salop.

125.	An aft for dividing allotting the open and commoij fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable grounds, in the tithings or liberties of Ramfiury Town, ParkToum* Whittonditch, Eaftridge* and Baydon* within the manor of Ramfburyy in the county of Wilts.

126.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, common paftures, and moor, or common, in the parifii of Bulmer* in the north riding of the county ot York.

1,27. An ait for dividing, and inclofing Cr0]ton Wood other-wife Corveton Wood or Common* within the manor of Corfton .otherwife Corverton, and parilh of Diddlebury* in the county of Salop ; and for making a boundary or ring-fence againft a certain Open and uninclofed ground, in the manor of Corpbam* withii) the fame pari(h.

128.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common pafiures, common meadow, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parilh of Mears afoby, in the county of Northampton.

129.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, pafiures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Bleqfby* in the county of Nottingham.

130.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feyeral commons and wafie grounds, within the manor and parilh of Ipjlonei* in the county of Stafford.

131.	An aft to diflolvc the marriage of George Carpenter efquire, earl of Tyrconnel in the kingdom of Ireland* with the right honourable lady Frances Manners* his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

132.	An aft to enable William Dutton efquire, his firft and other fons, and their ifiue male, to take, ufe, and bear, the name and arms of Naper* purfuant to the will of James Lenox Dutton efquire, deceafed 5 and for making the exemplification of the will and codicil of the faid James Lenox Dutton, under the great feal of Great Britain* evidence in all courts of law and equity in fSreat Britain and Ireland.

133.	An aft to enable Ifaac Martin Rebow efquire, to take and ufe the furnameof Martin* purfuant to the yvill of Matthew Martin efquire, deceafed.

' 134. An aft for naturalizing Maria Perry.

135.	An aft for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert.

136.	An aft for vefting an undivided moiety of certain freehold and copyhold eftates, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettys* deceafed, in truftees, to convey and furrender the feme refpeftively, purfuant to an agreement for the fale thereof; and for laying out the money in the purchafepf other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes.

137.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, feveral commons, moors, or wafte grounds, and open common fields, ip the townfhip of Barnjley* within the parilh of Silkjhn* in the county of York.

138. An

Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

138.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, (tinted pafture, and commonable lamia, within the parifh of Bari Stoke, in the county of llrilts,

139.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paflures, and other commonable grounds, in the manor and parifh of AJbton Keynes, in the cpuoty of Wilts.

140- An adt for dividing and inclofing the common fen, common marfh, common fields, and walte grounds, in the parifh of Surfleet, in the county of Lincoln.

141.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the feveral open common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within* the townfhips of Cantley, Brampton, BcJJacarr, and High Ellers, within the feveral manors of Brampton and BeJJacarr, in the parifh of Cantley, in the weft riding of the county of York.

142.	An adt for dividing anc) inclofing the feveral open fields, carrs, ings,or meadow grounds, and commons, or wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the parifh of Thornton, in the caft riding of the county of Tori.

143.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common or wafte

ground, called Shapwich Moor or Sbapwick Turf Moor, in th? parifh of Sbaflwifk, in tfie county of Somerftt.	,



- Digitized by

Digitized by

Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, &V.

Anno regni G E O R G11 III. Regis, -nee	Britannia,	Franc, ,

decimofeptimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the graceofGod,ofGrta.t Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by federal prorogations, to the tbirty-fir/l day of October, 1776} being the third feffion of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An ad for granting an aid to hit Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thotifand feven hundred and ferenty-feven. At four /billings in tbe pound,

C A P. II.

An a& for continuing and granting to hit Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and feventy-feven.

CAP. III.

An ad for puniftiing mutiny and defertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IV.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on (hore.

CAP. V.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parilh of Saint Mary Iftington, in tbe county of Middiefex, and for building a jrorkhoufe for the faid panih.

Vol. XXXI.

CAP.

Y

Digitized by

*96	Anno dccimo feptimo GEORGii III. C. 6.	[1777.

CAP. VI.

An aft for vejling in David Hartley efquire, bis executors, admini-Jirators, afiigns, the foie ufe and property of a certain method '	by him invented offecuring buildings againji the calamities of fire,

throughout his Majejlys dominions, for a limited time.

Preamble *	\A7H E R E A S bis moft excellent mojtfly King George the third,

reciting hu VV by his let ten patent, under the great feal of Great Britain, terTpatcinto	date	the firjl day of April, in the thirteenth year of bis reign,

David Hartley did give and grant unto David Hartley, of Golden Square, in tb$ efq.	parijh of Saint James, in the county of Mtddlefex, efquire, his exe-

cutors, adminijlrators, and ajfigns, the full power, foie privilege, and authority, of making, ufeng, exercifing, and vending, a certain parti-cular method by him invented, of fecuring buildings and Jhips againji the calamities of fire, within that part of bis Majtjlfs kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick, upon Tweed, and atfo in bis Majejlfs colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years; with a provifo, obliging the /aid David Hartley, by writing under his hand and Jeal, to caufe a particular deferiptton of the nature of the j'aid invention to be inr oiled in his Majejlfs high court of Chancery, within four months after the date of the faid recited letters patent: and whereas the faid David Hartley did, in purfuance of the faid provifo, caufe a particular defeription of the faid invention to be inrolled in the faid high court of Chancery, upon the twenty fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufandJeven hundred and feventy-three: which defer ip ti:n is in the words andform, or to the effet1 following \ that is to Jay,

Defcription of TV/TY invention of a particular method of fecuring buildings the nature of XVx and fhips againft the Calamities of fire, is deferibed in the invention, manner following; that is to fay, 4k By the application of plates 44 of metal and wire varnifhed or unvarnifhed, to the feveral 44 parts of buildings and fhips, fo as to prevent the accefs of fire, 44 and the current of air, fecuring the feveral Joints by doubling-44 in, overlapping, foldering, rivetting, or in any other manner 44 clofing them up, nailing, ferewing, fewing, or in any other 44 manner fattening the faid plates of metal, into and about the 44 feveral parts of buildings and fhips, as the cafe may require/1

And whereas the faid David Hartley hath, with great attention and labour, profecuted, and is Jhll profecuting, a variety of experiments in order to per fell the faid invention: and whereas the faid David Hartley hath employed great fums of money out of his own private fortunt, and mujl neceffarily advance jtill larger fums before the faid invention can be compleated, and rendered of general publick utility xas well by fm os land: and whereas it will not be in the power of the faid David Hartley to carry his invention into compleat execution, fo as to render the fame of the highejl utility to the publick of which it is capable, nor 'W& there be any reafonable profpeft to the faid David Hartley of It*

Digitized by CjOOQle

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Gkorgii III. C.6.	297

tng reimburfed the fumsof money already by him expended andadvanc-edy and the furtherfum neceffarily to be by him expended and advanced, or of obtaining a proper return and recompence for fo important an invention, unlefs the term granted by the faid Utters patent be prolong-edj and his property in the [aid invention fecured not only within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and his Majeflfs colonies and plan-Cations abroad, but alfo within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for fuch time as may enable him to obtain an adequate recompence for bis labour, time, and expence: to the end therefore that the faid David Hartley may be enabled and encouraged to profecute and compleat his faid invention, Jo that the publick may reap ail the adxmntages to be derived therefrom in their fulleji extent \ may it pleafe your tnoft excellent Majefty (at the humble petition and requcft of the faid David Hartley) that it may be enacted ; and , be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this a<ft, The foie pri-the/ull power, foie privilege, and authority of making, ufing, yilegeof mak* exercifing, and vending the faid invention herein-before parti-	o,e-~

cularly defcribed, except as to (hips within the kingdom of fa£j invention Great Britain, and his Majefty’s colonies and plantations abroad, vetted in Da-(hall be, and are hereby declared to be, vefted in the faid David Hartley, Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for and during &eca‘r[°r 31 the term of thirty-one years \ and that he the faid David Hartley * y his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and every of them, by himfelf and themfelves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or fuch others as he the faid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein-before mentioned, (hall and lawfully may make, ufe, exercife, and vend the faid invention, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majefty’s colonies and	v

plantations abroad, in fuch manner as to him the faid David Hartleyr, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall in their diferetions feem meet: and that the faid David Hartley, his ex-cutors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coming, growing, accruing, and ariflng, by reafon of his faid invention, for and during the faid term of thir-

S^-one years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the fame, for and uring, and to the full end and term of thirty-one years, as aforefaid ; and that no other perfon or perfons within the king- Penalty on dom of Great Britain, or any of his Majefty’s colonies or plan- f*rion* tations abroad, (hall at any time, during the faid term of thirty-	fo'incT

one years, cither direcftly or indiredtly, make or ufe, or put in pradtice the faid invention, or any part of the. fame fo attained unto by the faid David Hartley, n6r in any-wife counterfeit, imitate, or refemble the fame, nor (hall make, or caufe to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradtion from the fame,

Y 2	without

Digitized by L,ooq le

Exception, in favour of hi« Majetty’i dock-yards,

&c.

Certain re-ftri&ions laid on David Hartley, &c. on the breach whereof this a£t to become void.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.6.	[1777*

without the licence, confent, and agreement, of the faid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, in writings under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, firft had and obtained in that behalf; upon fuch pains and penalties as can or may be juftly inflifted on fuch offenders for their contempt of this ad, and further to be anfwerable to the faid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, and ailigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occafioned.

II. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral for the time being, or the lords com mifli oners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them for the time being, to make ufe of the faid invention, in any of his Majefty's dock-yards, rope-houfes, brew-hqufes, and victualling offices, and all other houfes or buildings which (hall be ufed in fitting or equipping his Majefty’s (hips of war, or in victualling and fupplying the fame, for fecuring them againft fire, in any fuch manner as they (hall think proper, without licence obtained from the aforefaid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns.

HI. Provided always. That if the faid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or any perfon or perfons who (hall, at any time during the faid term of thirty-one years, have or claim any right, title, or intereft, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority, of the foie ufe and benefit of the faid invention, (hall make any transfer or aflignmenr, or pretended transfer or alignment, of the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any (hare or (hares of the benefit or profits thereof, or (hall declare any truft thereof, to or for any number of perfons, exceeding the number of five; or (hall open, or caufe to be opened, any book or books for publick fubferiptions to be made by any number of perfons, exceeding the number of five, in order to the railing any fum or fums of money, under pretence of carrying on the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted j or (hall by him or themfelves, or his or their agents or fervants, receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever, of any number of perfons, exceeding in the whole the number of five, for fuch or the like intents or purpofes; or (hall prefume to a<51 as a corporate body, or (hall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted into any number of (hares, exceeding the number oi five; or (hall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any aft, matter, or thing whatfoever, during fuch time as fuch perlon or perfons (hall have any right or title, either in law or equity, which (hall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an aft of parliament, made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the firft, intituled. An a& for the better fecuring certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majejly, by two charters, for ajfurance of Jhips and merchandizes at jea, and for lending money upon bottomry, and for refraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable practices therein mentioned; or in cafe the (aid power, privilege, or authority, (hall at any time become vefted in, or in truft for, more than the

number

Digitized by

1777-1 Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 7."	299

number of five perfons, or their reprefentatives, at any one time, otherwife than by devife or fucceffion, (reckoning executors and adminiftrators as and for the Tingle perfons whom they reprefenr, as to fuch intereft as they are or (hall be intitled to in right of fuch their teftator or inteftate;) that then, and in every of the faid cafes, all liberties and advantages whatfoever hereby granted,

(hall utterly ceafe, determine, and become void; any thing here-in-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it hereby enabled, That any objedion which might have been made to the faid invention not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an ad of the twenty-firft of James the firft, fufficient to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any adion brought by virtue or in confequence of' this ad.

V.	Provided always, That it (hall not be lawful for the afore- Claule forre-faid David Hartley, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to

ask, demand, or take, any greater price, than fixpence by the {-J.e piatC8-foot fquare for the plates of metal, mentioned in the above-recited fpecification, commonly called fire plates, unlefs the faid plates of metal (hall be made of copper, or of any other metal except iron, or unlefs they (hall exceed in weight ten ounces avoirdupoife to the foot fquare.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Publick ad. this ad (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick

ad; and ihall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftkes, and other perfons whomfoeyer, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. VII.

An atI for enabling the ccmmijfioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commiffions to the commanders of private fhips and veffielsy employed in trade, or retained in his Majefiy's fervice, to take and make prize of all fuch fhips and vcffels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the laft feffion of this prefent?reamble 1 parliament, intituled, An ad to prohibit all trade and in-rcc*ting 16 tcrcourfe with the colonies of New Hampjhire, MaJJachufet's Bayy Gc0,caP* $• Rhode lflandy Connecticuty New Yorky New Jerfey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginiay North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the faid colonies refpedively; for repealing an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difeontinue the landing and difchargings lading or flipping^ of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and zyitbin the harbour ^Bofton, in the province of Maflachufet's Bay; and alfo two ad$,Nmade in the laft feffion of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid ads re-fpcdively mentioned j and to enable any perfon or perfons, ap-Y 3	pointed

Digitized by

Google

Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 7.	[1777.

pointed and authorited by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iffue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the purpofes therein men* tioned ; it is (amongfl other things) tnafted, That all Jhips and vejfels of or belonging to the inhabit anti of the colonies therein mentioned, and all other Jhips and vejfels which /hall be found trading in any port or place of the faid colonies* or going to trade* or coming from tradings in any fuch tort or place* /ball become fo feited to bis Majefty, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture* as if the fame wen the Jhips and effects of open enemies* and that the flag officers* captains* commanders* and ether commijfioned officers in bis Majefly's pay* and alfo the feamen, marines, and Joldiers on board* Jhall have the foie inter eft ajnd property of and in all and every fuebjhip* veffel* goods, and merchandize which they Jhall feize and take* (being frfl adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefly's courts of admiralty, J to be divided « in fuch proportions, and after Juch manner* as therein preferibed: and whereas many Jhips and vejfels belonging to his Majefly's loyal and well-offered fubjefts* have been armed and equipped by the owners thereof for their own fccurity* againfl the rebellious and piratical attach of the inhabitants of the aforejaid colonies* and feveral vejfels belonging to, and fitted out by* the rebels* have been taken without any commffm from his Mflefly* the property of which Jhips, and their cargoes* though forfeited to his Majefty, is not by law vefted in the captors: and wnereas it is juft and expedient to vefl* under proper regulations* the property of all fuch Jhips and vejfels Jo taken in the captors* and to provide fome encouragement for the defence of the property of his Ma-jefly's hyd fubjefls* as well as for taking and deftroying Jhips fitted out in an hoftile manner by the inhabitants of the rebellious colonies; be it therefore enaefled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Comm^eyrs authority of the fame. That the lord high admiral of Great Bri-.u., —-	or the com mi (Turners for executing the office of lord

high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him or them im-powered and appointed, (hall and may, from and after the twentieth day of February* one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-feven, at the requeft of any merchant or merchants, being owner or owners of any (hip or veffel employed in trade, or retained in his Majefly’s fervice, giving fuch bail and fecurity as is hereinafter mentioned and expreffed, caufe to be ifliied forth one or more com mi ((ion or commiflions, to any perfon or perfons whom fuch merchant or merchant? (hall nominate to be commander, or in cafe of death fucceffively commanders of fuch fhip or vef-fel, for die attacking, furprifing, feizing, and taking, by and with fuch (hip or veflel, or with the crew thereof, all (hips and veflels, goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels and effects whatfoever, belonging to the inhabitants of the faid colonies now in rebellion ; and all (hips and \eflels, with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, belonging to his Majefly’s fubjedts in Great Britain or Ireland* which (hall be found trading to or from the laid colonies, contrary to the provifionsof the faid adfc of parliament $ and that

fuch

of the admiralty, &c. raay iflue forth coihmiflions to commanders of veflels, for raking fhips, &c. belonging to the rebellious colonies, See.

Digitized by

Google

1777-] Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 7. '	301

fiich (hips and veflels, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels and All pmei to effects, fo to be taken by or with fuch (hip or veflel, according belong to the to fuch laft-menrioned commiflion or commiflions, (being firft ca**0r,; adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty,) (hall wholly and intirely belong to, and be divided between and among, fuch owner and owners of fuch (hip and veflel, and the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and afliftingto the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as (hall be agreed on with fuch owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perfons that (hall be intitfed thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves 5 and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any adm.ral, vice-admiral, governor, or other perfon commiflioned by, or claiming under, his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than the owner of fuch (hip or veflel being the captor of fuch prize, (hip or veflel, cargo, apparel, and furniture, and the perfons claiming under him or them, (hall be intitled to, any part or (hare thereof, (except as to the cufloms and duties) any cu-ftom, ftatute, or other law to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft.contained (hall Except when intitle any (hip having a commiflion, and which (hall receive fuch commif-orders from, and put herfelf under the convoy of any his Ma-

jefty's (hips or veflels, to (hare in any prize or prizes taken by ^ ™ fuch convoy, or by fuch (hip having a Commiflion, whilft: the faid commiflioned (hip (hall remain under the care and protection of fuch convoy.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiflio-

it (halt and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of ad^iral^msy Great Britain, or the commifiioners for executing the office of revoke any * lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any commiflion* three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke &c. and make void, by any order or orders in writing, under his or their hahd or hands, any commiflion or commiflions which (hall be iflued forth to any perfon or perfons who (hall be nominated Commander or commanders of any (hip or veflel, by virtue of this act.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, That the fecretary of the admiralty Secretary of for the time being (hall, with all convenient fpeed, after any and the admiralty every fuch commiflion (hall be fo revoked, caufe notice thereofoff^hre^* in writing to be forthwith fent to the owner or owners, or agent catjon to the or agents, furety or fureties, or feme one of them, of the (hip owners, &c. or veflel named or deicribed in fuch order of revocation ; and in

cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall be in the channel, the faid order of revocation (hall be effectual tofuperfede and annul the faid com-tniflion at the expiration of twenty days from and after fuch notice given as aforefaid, or fooner, if notice (hall be actually given in writing, by the fecretary of the admiralty, to the captain or commander thereof; and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall be to the fouthward of Cape Finijierre% at the expiration of fix Y 4	weeks	j

Digitized by

Google

/

3oa

granting any cominiuion.

Anno decimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 7.	[1777^

weeks; and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall be in North America, who may com-or the Weft Indies at the expiration of three months: and any plain thereof commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, to his Maiefty fur^ty or fureties, of any fuch (hip or veflel, whereof fuch com-m council. miflfion or commiflions, ijTued or to be iflued forth as aforefaid, (hall be fo revoked, may complain thereof to his Majefty in council, within thirty days next after the fecretary of the admU ralty for the time being (hall caufe notice thereof to be given as aforefaid; and the determination of his Majefty in council, touching every fuch complaint, (hall be final.

When any V. Provided alway, That in cafe any fuch order of revocation order of revo- (hall be fuperfeded, fuch commiflion (nail be deemed and taken cation (ball bet0 have continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof commiflion AwH belong to, and be the property of, fuch owners and captors, fhali be deem- in fuch manner as the fame would have been, in cafe fuch order ed to have of revocation had not been made.

continued in yi. providcd alfo. That no perfon (hall be liable to be pu-orcc*	nifhed	for doing, before he (hall have received perfonal notice of

Provifo. fuch order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of fuch commiflion, in cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.

Bail, &c. to be VII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, taken before That before the granting or ifluing of anv commiflion in pur-fuance of this adt, fuch bail and fecurity (nail be taken as have been ufual upon the granting or ifluing of commiflions for private (hips of war; and that, previous to the taking of fuch bail and fecurity, the perfons who propofeto be bound and give fuch fecurity, (hall fcverally make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or his furrogate, or other perfon or perfons by fuch judge or furrogate lawfully commiflioned, that, at the time of their being fworn, they are refpedlively worth more money than the fum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their juft debts; and moreover, the mar(hal of the faid high court of admiralty for the time being, or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons fo commiflioned as aforefaid, is or arc hereby required and directed to make diligent enquiry into, and fatisfy himfelf or themfelves of the fufficiency of fuch_ bail and fecurity, and make a report thereof to the faid judge, or his furrogate, before any fuch commiflion (hall be granted or iflued.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twentieth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy feven, all and every perfon and perfons who lhall apply to the lord high admiral, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the of tjme being, in order to obtain any commiflion to be granted or cargo, num- iflued forth in purfuance of this a*dt, (hall make every fuch appli-?	cation	in writing; and therein fet forth a particular, true, and

exadi defeription of the (hip or veflel employed in trade, or retained in his Majefty’s fervice, for which fuch commiffion is re-quefted, ffecifying the cargo thereof, the burthen of fuch (hip

or

AH perfons applying tor any commiffion, to fet forth in writing an

ber of guns, &C.

Digitized by

1777-3 Anno decimo feptuno Geoegii III. c.7.	303

or veflel, and the number and nature of the guns on board the fame, to what place belonging, and on what voyage bound, and the name or names of the principal Owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the fame; (all which particulars (hall refpe&ively be in-ferted in every commiflion to be granted or iflued in purfuance Commanders of this act;) and that every commander of a merchant (hip, or ofcommiffion-a (hip retained in his Majefty’s fervice, for which a commiflion	.

(hall be granted or iflued in purfuance of this a£t, (hall produce comm^Hions^ fuch commifiion to the collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, for the to the collec-time being, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, refiding at or belonging to tor. See. of the the port from whence fuch (hip or veflel (hall be firft fitted out,cuftonis» or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch collector, cuftomer or fearcher; and the faid collector, cuftomer or fearcher, or his •hoare to or their lawful deputy or deputies, (hall, as foon thereafter as fo*1™11* *uc* conveniently may be, without fee or reward, infpedt and examine Ip * fuch (hip or veflel; and if the fame (hall thereupon be found to and if found be according to the tenor of the defeription inferted in fuch agreeable to commiflion as aforefaid, or be of a greater burthen or force than thc deferipd-(hall be mentioned in fuch commiflion, then fuch colleflor, ™rrifica^al * cuftomer or fearcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, thereof.

(hall, and he or they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the requeft of the commander of luch Clip or veflel, to give a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their band or hands, gratis, to fuch commander ; which certificate (hall be deemed a neceflary clearance before fuch merchant (hip or veflel (hall be permitted to fail from that port : and if the commander of any Penalty on (hip or veflel, for which any commiflion (hall have been granted commander or iflued in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall depart with fuch (hip ©r	a°cer-

veflel from fuch port of clearance, before he hath received fuch tificate.'&c. certificate, or (hall depart from any fuch port, or proceed upon a voyage with a force inferior to the force fpecified in fuch com-miflion, or required by this adt, in every fuch cafe, the commiflion for fuch (hip or veflel (hall from thenceforth be abfo-lutely null and void, and the commander fo offending, being convidted thereof before any court of admiralty, thall be impri-foned, without bail or mainprize, for fuch fpace of time as the faid court (hall diredt, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That penalty on , if any collector, cuftomer, or fearcher of his Majefty’s cuftoms, colledlor, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, (hall grant a certificate cu^omer! for any fhip or veflel which (hall not be of the burthen and force fpcci&ed in the commiflion granted to the commander or com- calc# manders thereof, or of greater burthen and force than fhall be mentioned in fuchcommiffion, be (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his faid office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any office in the cuftoms, and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perlon or perfons who will fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at WejlminJIer, or in the

courts

Digitized by Google

Provifo for ascertaining the tonnage.

If the cotn-

304	%	Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1777.

courts of feflion or exchequer in Scotland, in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed j and one moiety of the laid penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treafurer for the time being to the corporation for the relief and fupport of fick, maimed, and difabled feamen, and of the widows and children of fuch as lhall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants fervice, for the ufe of luch corporation; or where fuch forfeitures (hall be incurred in any of the out-ports in which a corporation is eftabliihed, or (hall hereafter be eftablilhed, for the purpofes aforefaid, then a moiety of fuch penalty (hall be paid to the truftees for the ufe of the corporation fo e(iabli(hed.

X.	Provided always, That the number of tons fo to be certified, be afeertained according to the rules laid down by an a&, palled in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, (intituled. An aft for making a convenient dock or bafon at Livcrpoole, for the fccurity of all Jhips trading to and from the faid port of Liver poole.)

Xi. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, That manderofany in cafe, at any time or times after the faid twentieth day of Fe~ SmSb,Ti°,lrce ^ruary> onc thouland feven hundred and feventy-feven, any wiTh any/per- commander or commanders of any merchant (hip or (hips, or Ton belonging veffel or veflels, duly commiflioned by virtue of this a (ft, (hall to any prize agree with the commander or commanders, or other perfon or taken, for the perfons> of or belonging to any (hip or lhips, veflel or veflels, of1 &c! fC f°r ranfom of any fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, or the 9	*	refpedtive	cargo	or	cargoes	thereof,	or	any	part	thereof, after

the fame (hall have been taken as prize, and fhall, in purfuance of fuch agreement or agreements, actually quit, fet at liberty, or (Jifcharge any fuch prize or prizes, inflead of bringing the fame into lome port or ports belonging to his Majefty’s dominions not in rebellion; that then all and every of the commander and commanders of fuch commiflioned (hip or (hips, or veflel ferliccordUig-or veflels, who (hall agree for any fuch ranfom, and (hall quit, iy.	6	fet at liberty, or difeharge, any fuch prize or prizes in manner

aforefaid, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery, and he, they, and every of them, being duly convi&ed thereof, (hall have and fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the feas, ought to have and fuffer according to the laws now in being.

XII. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or porfons, who (hall be nominated and appointed agent or agents for any prize or prizes which (hall be taken by virtue of this a£f, and which prize or prizes (hall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, of condemns- or in any other of the courts of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s uon* ' dominions where the faid prize or prizes, and every of them, lhall be condemned, (hall exhibit, and caufe to be regiftered, in. the faid high court of admiralty in Great Britain, <>r in the re-

fpe&ivc

he (hall be deemed a pirate, and iuf-

Agent* (ball regitter their letters of attorney within fix months alter fentence

Digitized by LiOOQle

1777.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 7.	305

fpcdHve courts of admiralty in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or elfewhere, where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, his or their refpe&ive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the-purpofes aforefaid: and if any perfon or perfons fo appointed agent or agents, as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negledl fo to do, for the fpace of fix calendar months next after fentence of condem* nation of any prize (hall be given in the faid high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or other admiralty court in any of his Majefty’s dominions, for the care and diftribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents; fuch perfon or per- or forfeit 500U fons fo refuting or negledting, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will fue for the fame, by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or elfewhere; in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than 6ne imparlance,

(hall be allowed.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the au- Pronto, thority aforefaid. That if any agent or agents (hall be appointed

after the time any fentence of condemnation, in any of the faid courts df admiralty, (hall be given, fuch agent or agents (hall, under the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to be regiftered, in manner aforefaid, his or their refpedtive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents, as aforefaid, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the date of the faid letter or letters of attorney.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it declared and enadted by the Ships and authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, mcichandixe or be conftrued to extend, or exempt any (hips, goods, wares, o tePe!u * or merchandize, which (hall be taken as prize, and brought or empted from imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’s dominions, payment of from the payment of any cufloms or duties, or from being fub- cuftoms, See* jedl to fuch reftridtions and regulations to which the fame now

are, or (hall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and fiatutes of this realm.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Certain dan-That the feveral regulations and provifions expreffed and con- fesin 16 Geo. tained in the above-recited act of the laft feflion of parliament, 3. cap. 5. tobe and all ciaufes, provifoes, matters, and things therein expreffed eSScutina this and contained, (hall be applied, and made ufe of, for effectually ^ s carrying this prefent adt into execution, fo far as the faid regulations and provifions, claufes, provifoes, matters, and things

'-conta.ned in the faid adt of the laft feflion of parliament, relate to, or in any-wife concern, t4e condemnation, or other determination of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and alfo the appraifements and fales of prizes, and payment of prize-money, and likewife the penalties and forfeitures to which the judges and officers of the admiralty courts, and alfo the agents for prizes, and embezzellers of any part or parts of prizes, and all officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, are thereby relpedtively made fubjedt and liable, and (hall (fo far as the nature and circum-

ftances

Digitized by

Google

A

30S	Anno	decimo	fcptimoGEORGii	III.	c.7.	[1777.

fiances of their refpedive cafes will admit of) extend ft), and be fonfirued, deemed, and taken, in ail courts of admiralty, and all other courts whatfoever, to be in force, with refped to all fuch prize and prizes as (hall be feized and taken by virtue and in puriuance of this ad, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the like regulations, provifions, claufes, provisoes, matters, and things, were herein particularly repeated and enaded.

Treafurer of XVI. And, as a further encouragement to the officers, feamcn, the navy to murines, fc Idlers, and others, on board his Majeflfs fbips of war, as Scer»°feamen atf° °f t0 ^ commiffioned under the regulations of this aft, to &c. onboard * attack, take, and dejiroy, any Jbips of force belonging to the faid coh~ any of his nies; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be Majelty's (hips paid by the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, upon bills to be

commiil?onedy mac*c ^ort^ by the commiffioners of the navy, to be paid accord-*nSt0 courfe thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, Shall take any feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, that (hall be adually on (hip of war, board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or merchant fhip or 6ic. fro in the fhjpS retained in his Majefty’s fervice, to be commiffioned as every’man °r af°rcfa|d, *n any a&ion where any (hip or (hips of war, or prion board (uch vateer or privateers, (hall be taken from the rebels, funk, burnt, (hip,&c. or otherwife deftroyed, by virtue and in purfuancc of this ad, five pounds for every man who was living on board any (hip or (hips fo taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them; the numbers of fuch men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men who were belonging to the faid (hip or (hips of war, or privateers of the rebels, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as p. izc, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, before the mayor or other chief inagiftrate of the port within any of his Majefty’s dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers, or men, of (uch (hips as were funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall be brought; or before theBritijh conful or vice-conful, refiding at any port abroad to which fuch prize, or officers, or men, (hall be brought; which oaths the faid Mayor, or other chief magiftratc of any fuch port, or conful or vice conlul, are hereby refpedively impowered and required to adminifter; and (hall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, direded to the commiffioners of his Ma-jelty’s navy, together with an authentick copy of the condemnation of fuch (hip fo taken ; or if fuch Ihip he funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, or conful or vice-conful, as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners #f his Majefty’s navy, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, (hall, according to the courfe of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of fuch bounty, direded to the treafurer Manner of di- of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongft, the officers, vi ling the	feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board his Majefty’s (hips of

bounty.	war, in manner, form, and proportion, as, by his Majefty’s

proclamation, the payment of prize money is direded and ap-o	pointed

1777O Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 7.	307

pointed to be divided; and amongft the owners, officers and ieamen of any merchant (hip or veflel, or (hip or veflel retained in bis Majefty’s fervice, to be commiflioned by virtue of this a&, infuch manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they fhall have entered into for that purpofe, (haii be directed.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefc, That in all cafes where anyProviforelat-fuch oath and certificate cannot be adminiftered and granted at if!St(?

the firft port where any prize, or officers, or men, of fuch Wps-w* as (hall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall begrantiDg ccr. brought, fuch oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes thattificate.

(hall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, as aforefaid,

(hall and may be adminiftered and taken, by and before the mayor, or other chief magiftrate of any port within any of his Majefty’s dominions, or by or before the Briti/b conful or vice-conful refiding at any port abroad, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers, or men, of any (hips belonging to the rebels, as fhall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being firft made, by affidavit, before fuch perfon or perfons, of the inability of making fuch oath or oaths, and obtaining fuch certificate at the faid firft port;) and the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice-conful,

(hall thereupon grant fuch certificate and certificates as are herein-before directed; which certificate and certificates (hall be good and effectual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were granted by the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice-conful, of the port to which fuch prize or prizes, officers or men, as aforefaid, (hall be firft brought;, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. To what per-That the bill or bills, to be made out for the bounty hereby

granted to the commanders and officers, feamen, marines, fol-outfor tiic

dters, and others of his Majefty’s (hips of war, for taking, fink-bounty, me

ing, burning, or otherwife deftroying, any (hips of war or pri-tobc payable.

vateers, belonging to any of the faid rebellious colonies, (hall be

made payable to fuch perfon or perfons as fhaiJ be authorifed and

appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain,

officersor officer, (hip’s companies or (hip’s company,and others

intitled thereunto, in like manner as directed by the faid in-part

recited adt of the laft feffion of parliament, for the nominating

and appointing agents for appraifements and Tales, to be made

as aforefaid, the fame to be diftributed and divided by the faid

perfon or perfons fo authorifed and appointed amongft the cap-

rors, in fuch manner, form,-and proportion, as aforefaid ; the

feveral (hares of which captors, if not legally demanded within

three years after publick notification, and alfo of fuch as (hall

ruo from his Majefty’s fervice, (hall be applied to the ufe of

Greenwich hofpiral: and that the bill or bills to be made out for

the bounty hereby granted to merchant (hips to be commiflioned

by virtue of this a<ft, for taking, burning, finking, or otherwife

deftroying, any (hips of war or privateers belonging to any of

the faid rebellious colonies, (hall be made payable to fuch perfon

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

308	Anno	dcclmo	fcprimo Georgn IU. c. 7;	[1777.

or perfons as (hall be nominated and appointed by the owner or '	owners,	officers	or	Teamen	of	fiich merchant (hip or veflel, or

’ (hip or veflel retained in his Majefty’s fcrvice, to be commiflioned as aforefaid, who (hall have taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife de-ftroyed the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in fuch manner and proportions as (hall have been agreed on by them as aforefaid.

Prizes which XIX. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any takenfrom	vc^>	or	b°at,	ta^cn	as	prize, or any goods, therein (hall

fait Majefty’s appear, and be proved in the high court of admiralty, or any fubje&s not in vice-admiralty court, to have belonged to any of his Majefty’s "bc^^^befubjcdls of Great Britain, or Ireland, or any of the dominions thein t0	terr*tor*cs	remaining	and	continuing in their allegiance to

9	the king, and under his Majefty’s protection, which were before

tak^en or furprized by any of his Majefty’s rebellious colonies or plantations before-mentioned, and at any time afterwards again furprized and retaken from his Majefty’s faid rebellious colonies or plantations, by any (hip or veflel having fuch dommiflion as aforefaid; that then fuch (hips, veflels, boats, and goods, and every fuch part and parts thereof as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjedts remaining and continuing under his protection, (hall in all cafes be adjudged to be reftored, and (hall be, by decree of the faid high court of admiralty or vice-admiralty court, accordingly reftored to fuch former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of faivage, (if retaken from the rebels bv a merchant (hip or veflel of i^stiT'art comfn*®C)nc^ a# aforefaid) one-eighth part of the true value of of the va?ue Ihips* veflels, boats, and goods, refpedtively Co to be reftored 5 thereof. which falvage (hall be anfwered and paid to the commanded officers, and crews of fuch commiflioned (hip or veflel, to be divided in fuch and the lame manner as before in this adt is directed, touching the (hare of prizes to the owners, commanders and crews of merchant (hips, or (hips retained in his Majefty’s feryice, having commiflions as aforefaid.

S^Ce# 0n XX. And whereat in all Jhipt or ve/fels which Jhall be commi/Jioned miflionedtopsxnPurfmnce °f	lt	ls	expedient for the better difciplihi and

punishable in government of fuch /hips, that all perfons who /ball enter themfelves tbe fame man - on board the faid /hips or vejfeh Jhculd be under proper regulations to fP°y obedience to the lawful commands of tbe captains and chuf com-board lhipi ot	0f the faid /hips and vejfeh; be it therefore enadted by the

authority aforefaid, That all offences committed by any officer or Teamen on board any (hip or veflel, which (hall be commiflioned by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, during the continuance thereof, (hall be punifhed in fuch manner as the like offences Offenders ac- are punifhableon board his Majefty’s (hips of war. cufcd of XXI. Provided always. That all offenders who (hall be ac-crimes cogni- cufed of fuch crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, sable only by ^ confined on board fuch (hip or veflel in which fuch of-arar- k°ce ** commitlc<*> until they (hall arrive in fome port in confined on Gnat Britain, or Ireland, or can meet with a number of his board. See. Majefty’s (hips of war abroad as are fufficient to make a court-

martial :

Digitized by LjOoq le

1777*1 Anno decimo fcptiiho Georgij III. c. 8.	309

martial: and upon application made by the commander of fuch (hip or veffel, which (hall be fo commiffioned as aforefaid, to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiffioners, for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being,. or the commander in chief of his Majefty’s faid (hips of war abroad, the faid lord high admiral, or commiflioner? for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or fuch commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorized and required to call a court-martial for trying and punching the faid offence.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any adion or fuit (ball be commenced or profecuted a&ions, againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any thing done

or aded in purfuance of this ad; then, and ii> every fuch cafe, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants (hall and may plead the general Generaliffue. iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence : and if the ad (hall appear to have been done in purfuance of and by the authority of this ad, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, then the jury ihall find for the defendant or defendants* and upon fuch finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall begiven againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts.	Treble cofts.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Continuance That this ad, and every ciaufc, provifo, matter and thing here- of this aft. in contained, (hall remain, continue, and be in force, for, during,

and until the expiration, or other fooner determination of the aforefaid ad of the laft fetfion of parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to amend fo much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent M^jefly, (intituled, An ad for eftabli filing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eajl India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual eUrtion of direrters of the faid company is to be made.

WHEREAS by an art, made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad for eftablifh- prcamble. ing certain regulations tor the better management of the affairs Ad 13Geo. 3* of the Eajl India company, as well in India as in Europe,) it is, recited. among other things, enarted, That at the then next enfuing general elertion of divertors of the faid united company, injlead of an election 1 of twenty-four directors to ferve for the fpace of one year only, there Jbould be chofen, in fuch manner and order as the directors of the faid united company for the time being Jbculd appoint, fix divertors exprejsly for the term of one year, and fix other divertors for the term of two years, and fix other dirertors for the term of three years, and the remaining

x

Digitized by v^ooQle

Jio	Anno	decimo feptlmo GeorGII III. C.8.	[1777.

maining fix directors for the term of four years, and not otberwife ; and from thenceforth yearly and every year, and at the expiration of each and every of the Jaid terms refpeftivefy, fix new dir eft ors9 and no more y Jhould be chofen, from time to time, in the place of fucb directors whofit term Jhould have expired, and who 'were thereby declared incapable of being then rechojen ; and at every fiubfequent election, during the continuance of the charter of the faid united company, fix new directors Jhould be chofen) and Jhould continue to be directors for the term of four yearly and no longer, to be accountedfrom the day on which the election of fucb directors was refpeCtively made; and in cafe the office and authority of any fuch director Jhould become void) by death) removal) or otherwife, another Jhould be chofen)from time t» time) in his place, to Jerve as a director during the remainder of fucb term for which the perfon whofit office Jhould have become void was chofen, and no longer: and whereas the firft general election of directors of the faid united company, after the paffing the faid recited aft, was made on the thirteenth day ofApril, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand feyen hundred and fieventyfouT) at which time fix directors were chofen for the term of one year) fix other directors for the term of two yearsy fix other directors for the term of three years 9 and fix other directors for the term offour years) according to the directions of the laid recited ad 5 and afterwards on the thirteenth day of April, which was in the year of our Lard one thoufand[even hundred and feventy- five) fix other directors were chofen for the term of four years, in the room of thofe directors who were elected for one year9 as aforefaid‘5 and on the thirteenth day of April, one thoufandfeven hundred andJeventy-fix, fix other directors were chofen for the term of four years, in the room of thofe directors who were electedfor two years, as aforefaid: and whereas there is not any provifion in the faid aft) for the making an election of directors of the Jaid united company at any other time than on the exaft day when the term of the former elections expire: and whereas the day of election of directors in the year one thoufand feven hundred and /evenly-feven) according to the faid recited aft) will happen on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred andfeventy feven \ but it is highly improper that Juch election Jhould be made on a Sunday, and it is expedient that the like impropriety Jhould be prevented in future; be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-tion ofd fre& - bled, anc* by authority of the fame, That, inftead of the faid ors for 1777," general election of fix directors of the faid united ederipany, in to be on Wed- the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, for neiday, April the term of four years, being made on Sunday) the faid thirteenth j6*	day of April) one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven,

the fame eledtion fhall be made on Wednefday) the fixteenth day and all future 0f the fame month of April; and in refpedt to all future annual on» on tbef^ eledlions of directors of the faid united company, inftead of the fecond Wed- ^ame being made on the exadt day of the expiration of the term nefday ia for which the former directors were eledted, in purfuance of the April. faid recited aSt% fuch future annual general elections of dire&ors '	of

i?77*] Anno decimo fepttmo Georgii III. c.8.	311

of the faid united company, (hall be made on the fecond Wed-nefday in the month of April in every year.

II.	And be it further enadeJ by the authority aforefaid, That Claurerelating the term of three years, for which fix diredors of the faid com- to the deter-pany were eleded4, in the faid year one thoufand feven hundred [h^tcrms^or and feventy-four, and which will expire on the thirteenth day which the di-of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, (hall redor* are

be enlarged ; and fuch diredors fo eleded for the term of three ele&ed. years, (hall continue diredors of the faid united company until the faid fixteenth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and during the whole of that day; and in refped to the faid diredors eleded in the faid years, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-vcnty-five, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, for the refpedive terms of four years; and as to all future diredors of the faid united company to be eleded for the term of four years, in cafe the faid refpedive terms of four years (hall happen to expire before the fecond Wednefday in the month of April in that year in which the faid refpedive terms of four years (hall expire* yet fuch diredors (hall continue to be diredors of the (aid company until the fecond Wednefday in the month of April in which the faid refpedive terms ot four years (hall end, and during the whole of that day; and in cafe the faid refpedive terms of four years (hall not have fully run out on the (aid fecond Wednefday of the faid month of April, in any fybfequent year, in which the faid terms (hall refpedively expire; in fuch cafe the fame terms refpedively (hall end and expire at the end of the day on the faid fecond Wednefday of the faid month of April in fuch year in which the faid refpedive terms of four years (hall end and expire, in the fame manner as if the whole term of four years was fully run out; any thing in the faid recited ad of parliament contained to the contrary in any-wife DOtwitbftanding.

III.	And whereas notice bath been duly given, that the elefiion of directors in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, will be on the thirteenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven \ be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the diredors of the faid united company (hall, within Diredors to feven days after the pafling of this ad, caufe notice to be given £ive not,cc in in the London Gazette, that inftead of the general eledion of fix Gazenelrf the diredors of the faid united company, in the year one thoufand dayofdHdioa feveh hundred and feventy-feven, for the term of four years, be- by this ait ap- ' irig made on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thoufand pointed, feven hundred and feventy-feven, the fame eledion will be made

on Wednefday, the fixteenth day of the fame month of Af>ril\ which notice (together with the faid former notice) (hall be deemed and taken to be good and fufficient notice of the faid eledion; any other law or ftatute in any-wife notwithftanding.

Vo l. XXXI.	£	CAP.

Digitized by Google

3i»	Anho dccimo feptimo Gborgii III. c.$. [177/. J

C A P. IX.

An aft to impower his Majejly to fecure and detain per font charged with) or fufpefted of, the crime of high treofon, committed in any of hie Majejly's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high Jcas, or the crime of piracy.

PreambU. \A7 ® ^ ^ EAS a rebellion and war have been openly and traiter-V V oujly levied and carried on in certain of his Majejly's colonies and plantations in America, and afts of treajon and piracy have been committed on the high feas, and upon the Jbips and goods of his Moje-Jly's fuhjefts, and many perfons have been feifed and taken, who are exprefsly charged orjlrongly fufpefted offuch treafons and felonies, and many more fuch perfons may be hereafter fo feifed and taken: and whereas fuch'perfons have been, or may be brought into this kingdom, and into other parts of his Majejly's dominions, and it may be inconvenient in many fuch cafes to proceed forthwith to the trial of fucb criminals, and at the fame time of evil example to fuffer them to go at large $ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent roa-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-Perfbns guilty bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every per* ofh’ghtreafon fon or perfons who have been, or (hall hereafter be feifed or taken or atTcra * or of 'n	^igh	tteafon committed in any of his Majefty’s co-

p[racytor0fu- hmies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or in the fpsfted there- ad of piracy, or who are or (hall be charged with or fufpefted of, may be of the crime of high treafon, committed in any of the faid colonies, or on the high feas, or of piracy, and who have been, or (hall be committed, in any part of his Majefty’s dominions, for fuch crimes, or any of them, or for fufpicion of fuch crimes, or any of them, by any magiftrate having competent authority in that behalf, to the common gaol, or other place of confinement as is herein-after provided for that purpofe, (hall and may be thereupon fecured and detained in fafe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, until the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight and that no judge or jufticeof peace (hall bail or try any fuch perfon or perfons without order from his Majefty’s moft honourable privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, until the (aid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

II. And whereas it may be necejfary to provide for fuch prifonert within this realm fome other places of confinement befides the common H»s Majefty g0als; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hail and m*y aPP°hrt may be lawful for his Majefty, by warrant under his fign mafia ement for* nuaU t0 appoint one or more place or places of confinement fuch prifoners. within the realm, for the cuftody of fuch prifoners; and all and every magiftrate and magiftrates, having competent authority in that behalf, are hereby authorifed to commit fuch perfons as aforefaid to fuch place or places of confinement, fo to be appointed, inftead of the common gaol.

III. PtO-

kcpt in culto dy, ti 1 Jan. ii 177**

Digitized by LjOOQle

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. io, 11, g i j

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no offences (hall What offers

be conftrued to be piracy within the meaning of this adt, except	b?

adts of felony committed on the fhips and goods of hk Majefty’s racy!™ ^ fubjedts by perfons on the high feas.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared. That nothing No perfon herein contained is intended, or (hall be conftrued to extend to

the cafe of any other prifoner or prifoners than fuch as (hall *ffen^ have been out of the realm at the time or times of the offence or committed offences wherewith he or they (hall be charged, or of which he within this or they fhall be fufpedted.	realm,

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That This a & to this adt fhall continue and be in force until the faid firft day of continue in

January) one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-eight, and noforce ^ >nger.	1,1

CAP, X.

An adfc for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing cf the mllitfs in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning thf twenty-fifth day of March, ont thouumd feven hundred and fevpnty* feven.

CAP. XI.

An aCt for more effectually preventing frank and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled, in the counties of York, Lan-cafter, and Chefter.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-fecond year of the

reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, %%

An adt for the more effedtual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufadture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufadtures; and for preventing unlaw* ful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot-prefers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manu-fa&ures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by an* other aCt, made in (he fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent ma*	!•

jejly King George the Third, intituled, An adt to amend an adt, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aCt for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufacture of' bats, and in the woollen, linen,fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and fiilk manufactures 5 and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot-puffers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufae* lures \ and for the better payment of their wages: and by another aCt, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefly, an(| ijOeo. $ intituled. An adt to explain and amend an adt, made in the four- recitcd' teenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to arpend an cCf, made in the twenty fecona year of the reign of bis laU majejly King George the Second, intituled. An adt for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed m tf\e manufacture 0f hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian,

% 2	cotton,

Digitized by Google

314	Anno dccimo feptimo Georgli HI. t. n* tl777

cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk tnanu-failures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journey* men dyers and journeymen hot-prefiers, and of all per ions employed in the faid feveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages : certain penalties and punijbments in the jhid alts refpeClively mentioned, are inflicted upon all perfons who /ball reel falfe or Jbort yarn, find on perjons embezzling the materials ufed in the faid manufactures : and whereas the good purpofes of the fmi laws have been greatly fruji rated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled, being unwilling to expofe themfelves fingly to the lofs attending the refentment of the fpinners and workpeople, by profeeuting them for offences againfl the Jaid.aCIs: and whereas this important branch of the woollen menu* factory will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unlefs the manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry tbefe laws into effectual execution; which can-not be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore plcafe

Jour Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enabled.by the Ling’S.moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice andcon-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, General meet-That a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, ing of manu- worfted yarn, and goods made from worded, in the counties of fjrcturera ap- ycrk% LancQfitry and Chejler, (hall beheld at HaUifax, in the *°mt* 1 county of Tori, on the fecond Monday tr\ the month of Junt next enfuing after the palling of this a61, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon- of the fame day, notice of which (hall be given in the Leeds and Manchefter newfpapers, at lead twenty-one days before the faid meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the weft riding of the county of York\ at which faid general meeting the faid manufacturers prefent, fey themfelves, or proxies appointed-by writing under the hand of any of filch thofeofYork- manufacturers, (hall have votes ? and having firfl chofen a (hiie to cleft chairman, the York/biremanufacturers (hall eleCt, nominate, and si, and thofc appoint eighteen perfons from amongft themfelves, and the and Ctefoireo Lanca/hire and Che/hire manufacturers (hall eleCt, nominate, and perfons to he appoint nine perfons from amongft themfelves; which faid a committee, eighteen and nine perfons fa to be elefted, (hall be a committee of the faid manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee (hall be chofen and appointed in the manner hereinafter provided, and fo as often as there (hall be occafion; which committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper perfons, to be licenfed by the juftices of the peace of the weft riding of the county of Yorky at any of their quarter feflions for the faid riding, or any adjournment thereof, to be infpeftors for the purpofes hercin-after mentioned, and alfo to have the direction of all profecutions of offenders againft this and the faid before-mentioned afts, and the management of the fund herein-after to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed neccflary and proper for the carrying this aft into execution, in fuch manner as the faid committee of the manufacturers for the time being,

oc

Digitized by

1777*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 11.	515

©r any fovcn or more of them, at a publick meeting to be aflem* bled, (hall judge and think beft for the intereft and advantage of all the faid manufacturers.

II.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be law* Committee to ful to and for the faid committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a

at any general meeting aflembled (and they are hereby autho-clerk: rifod and required) from time to time to pominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper perfon to be their clerk; which faid clerk (hall attend the meetings of the faid committee, Hii duty, and (hall, in proper books to be provided/or that purpofe, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the aCts, proceedings, and tranfaftions of the faid committee; and that each and every of the faid manufacturers (hall and may at all convenient times have recourfe to, and perufe and infpeCt, all fuch books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any pan thereof, paying two-pence for every one hundred words to to be copied; and if the clerk (hall refufe to permit any fuch manufacturer to ifrfpeCt fuch books, or jefufe to make copies or ex* tra&s thereof, at the rates or times aforefaid, he (hall, for every loch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as any other penalty inflicted by this aCt is directed to be recovered.	***

III.	And be it funher enaCted, That, for the purpofes afore- Quarterly laid, a meeting of the faid committee, for the time being, (hall meetings ap-be held four times in every year 5 (that is to fay) on the Monday P°mtcd# before Midfummer-day, on the Monday before Michaelmas-day, on

the Monday before the Epiphany, and on the Monday before Eajier-day, at eleven of the dock in the forenoon of each and every of the (aid days, who (hall have power to adjourn themfelves from time to time, as,occasion may require; three of which faid quarterly meetings of fuch committee (hall be held at fame place or places within the county of York, and the other quarterly meeting (hall be held at fome place within the county of Lancajier; the firft of which faid quarterly meetings (hall be held on the firft of (he faid days on which the faid quarterly meetings are hereinbefore appointed to be held, which (hall firft happen after the election of fuch committee as aforefaid, and at fuch place as (hall be fixe^and agreed upon by fuch committee after their election; and at fuch firft quarterly meeting, and every fubiequent quar- Chairman t© terly meeting of fuch committee for the time being, a chairman be chofen. for each of fuch faid quarterly meetings being chofen, the place at which the then next following quarterly meeting (hall be held, fhall be fixed upon and appointed by the majority of fuch committee then aflembled; and the chairman of fuch committee is hereby required to caufe fourteen days notice to be given, of the time and place where the next following quarterly meeting of (bch committee is appointed to be held, in the Leeds and Man-thefter weekly newfpapers: and all matters or things which (hall Q2cft*°n» to come before fuch committee for their determination, (hall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of fuch com- y a majon mktec then prefent; and if there (hall be an equality of votes

Z 3	upon



Mo bu finef* to bfc done at quarterly meeting*, titl-lets feven members art prefent*

*Thl-ee coffl-tnittee-men

Anno declmo Icptinio GfioRGii III. C. 11. [1777:

topdn any queftion which (hall come before the faid committee! then the chairman (hall have a carting vote, by which vote fuch queftion in difpute (hall be determined.

IV* Provided nevertheless, That in cafe there (hall not at any Of fuch quarterly meetings be there prefent and aftembled feven of the perfons conftituting fuch committee, then and in fuch cafe it is hereby declared, that no bufinefs whatfoevef (hall be done at fuch meeting; and the majority of the perfons then prefent (hall appoint at what place the next quarterly meeting (hall be held, and give fourteen days notice thereof in the Leeds and Manchejler weekly newfpapers, in manner above-mentioned.

V* And be it further enabled,That if at any time it (hall appear to any three or more of fuch committee for the time being, that f°r morc effectual putting any of the powers granted by this •4 adt into execution! or for fettling or difeufting any matters or things whatfoever relative to the fame, a Special meeting of fuch Committee is neceflary or expedient to be held, it (ball and may be lawful for the faid three or more of the faid committee for the time being, to diredt the clerk to give notice of fuch fpecial meeting of the committee, to every member thereof, fetting forth the place where, and the time when, fuch fpecial meeting (hall be appointed to be held; and in cafe there (hall be then ptefent at fuch fpecial meeting feven of the faid committee, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee fo prefent, to proceed in the execution of the power! given by this ad to fuch committee*

Mew commit* Vi. And be it further enadted. That in cafe any one or more tee-men to be of the faid committee for the time being (hall die, or (hall decline Hfclthn	bufinefs as a manufacturer, or (hall go to refide in any diftant

** 9	part ef the kingdom, or (hall wilfully abfent himfelf or them*

Selves from the laid quarterly meetings for the fpace of one year, or refufe to adt, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be law* ful to and for the faid committee for the time being, at any of their faid quarterly meetings, there being feven of fuch committee then prefent, to choofe another or other proper perfon or perfons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worfted, in his or their place or places, who (hall have the fame power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting*

VII* And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time hereafter it (hall appear to any fifty or more of the faid manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, within the faid counties of York, Lancaftery and Cbejlery that the faid committee for the time being negle# to discharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purposes for which fuch committee was appointed; and in cafe fuch fifty or more of fuch manufadurers fo difiatisfied (hall, in writing under their *en^a^tam.11 bands, make complaint thereof to the judices of the peace for (ttg, etc* the faid wed riding of the county of in any of the general or quarter feffions of the peace for the faid wed riding to be held and aflembled, then and. in fuch ca|e it (hall and may be lawful

to

If Committee hegleft their duty,

jhlHces mayi on complaint

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 11,	317

to and for (uch juftices in fuch feffions aflembled, and they are hereby required (if they (hall think proper, after hearing the nature of fuch complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufa&urers of combing wool, worftcd yarn, and goods made from worded, within the (aid counties of Yorky Lancqfter, and Cbejier, at fuch time and place as fuch juftices (hall think , proper, and (hall alfo caufe notice to be given of fuch general meeting of fuch manufacturers as aforefaid, in the Leeds and Mancbefler weekly newfpapers, fetting forth the place where, and time when, fuch general meeting (hall be held, the lame not being left than twenty-one days after fuch notice given in the faid papers, and which notice (hall be continued in the faid papers until fuch meeting (hall be held; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch manufacturers then prefent at fuch general meeting called and held in manner as aforefaid, to eleS, nominate, and appoint a committee, confiding of the fame nupnber of pcr-fons, and in the like manner, and under and fubjeCt to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein-before laid down and ordered for the election of the firft committee: and the perfons (p elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee, in manner aforefaid, (hall thereupon be invefted with the fame powers and authorities as the former committee were invefted with.	1

VIII.	Andy far preventing frauds and abufes for the future by perfons employed in the faid manufactures of combtng woolly woffled yarn, and goods made from worjledy and for the more effectual carrying this aCl into execution; be it further enaCted, That the juftices Juftices to ap-of the peace for the faid weft riding of the county of Yorky at point infpea-their next quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the faid worttc<* riding, or any adjournment thereof, after Midfummer next after yarn' the palling of this aCt, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint fuch perfons, of good character and repute,within the faid counties of Yorky Lancajlery and Cbejier, as (hall be recommended to the faid juftices by the faid committee of manufacturers, or any feven of fuch committee, in writing under their hands, to be infpeCtors of worfted yarn,within the faid counties of Yorky Lancaflery and Cbejier.

I3£. And be it further enaCted, That the faid committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being, or any feven of them, (hall Ration inipeCt-and may, and they are hereby authorifed to ftation fuch infpeCtors a? j a\l0" for fuph diftriCts in the faid counties of Yorky Lancajlery and a r c • Cbejier,3s the faid committee, or any feven of them, (hall think proper; and (hall and may aftign, allow, and pay to the faid in-Ipe&ors fo appointed, fuch yearly falaries as the faid committee, or any feven of them, (hall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein-after mentioned to be railed for that and the other purpofes of this aCt; and alfo (hall and may remove, difmifs, and difplace any of fqch infpeClors, who, by ficknefs, or any other accident, (hall be rendered incapable of ferving the faid office, or (hall mi(behave, or not cooduCt himfelf or themfelvei to the fatisfaftion of fuch committee.

Z4	X.	And

Digitized by L,ooQle

3i 8

Infpedorsto ule diligence in cormding and bringing offenders to juitice:

their powers.

Pi regions tiow worfted yarn (hall be reeled.

Penalties on falfe reeling of worfted yarn, etc.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. u. [i777.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the faid infpedors for the time being, fo appointed, (hall feverally and rcfpcdivdy, in the Teverai diftrids allotted to them by the faid committee, ufe all due diligence and induftry for theconviding and bringing to jn-ftice all offenders againft this and the faid former ads; and*Hb (hall and do from time to time, aqd as often as they (hall be thereto required by the faid committee, infped the feveral reels of all and every the fpinners of worfted yarn, in their feveral and refpedive diftrids within the faid counties of Fork, Lancofier, and Chejier, and alfo the hanks of worfted yarn, in order -to fee that the diredions herein-after hid down for reeling fuch yarn be complied with ; and alfo (hall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them (hall deted any perfon or perfons offending againft this or the faid former ads, lodge informations againft fucb offender or offenders before .the proper juftice or juft ices of the peace, and profecute fuch offender or offenders to convidion : and, for the eafier detedion of all offenders againft this and the faid former ads, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch infpedor or infpedors, from time to time, as oc-cafion (nail require, to demand entrance, at all feafonible hours, into the dwelling-houfe or dwelling-houfes, (hop or (hops, out-houfe or outhoufes, of any agents, or perfons hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun, within the faid counties of Fork% Lancatler, and Chejier, to infped the yarn in the cuftody of any fucli agent, or perfon hired or employed as aforefaid, within the faid counties of Fork, Lamajlery and Chejier^ where he has any information of, or fufpeds any falfe or fhort reeled yarn; and in cafe of refufal by any fuch agent, or perfon hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun into worfted yarn, to permit and fuffer fuch infpedion, he, (he, or they fo refuting (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, as fuch juftice or juftices, before whom he, (he, or they (hall be convided, (hall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XL And be it further enaded. That every perfon or perfons employed, or undertaking to fpin or reel worfied yarn for hire, in the counties of York, Lancofier, and Chejier, or any of them, (hall reel, or caufe or procure the fame to be reeled, either upon a yard reel of thirty-fix inches, or a two yard reel of feventy-two inches, round ; and when fuch worfted yarn (hall be fo reeled, that each and every feveral hank of fuch worfted yarn (hall con-fift of, or contain, feven raps or leas, and that each and every fuch rap or lea (hall confift of, or contain, eighty threads of fuch worfted yarn..

XII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That if any perfon or perfons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the fpinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worfted yarn, or in the preparing or working up any of the materials ufed in the faid manufadures, in the faid counties of Fork> Lanco/itr, and Chejier, or any of them, (hall reel or caufe to be reeled any worfted* yarn contrary to the diredions herein-before fpecified

Digitized by v^ooQle

1777-3 Anno deciimo feptimo<jfiORGii III. c. ix.	3	*9

and laid down for the reeling fuch yarn, or (hall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwife difpofe of, any wool, or other materials, entrufted with him, her, or them, to fpin, or other purpofes, and (hall of all or any of fuch feverai offences be law^ fully,convided, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, libeny, town, or place, where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, or where fuch offender fo charged (hall reiideor inhabit, upon the oath of the owner of fuch yarn or wool, or upon the oath of the infpedor or infpedors appointed as aforefaid, or of any one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch juftice or joftices is and are hereby impowereo and required to adminifter) or by the confeflion of the perfon or perfons charged with all or any of fuch offences, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, be iuujed and liable to the fame penalties and puniftiments as are feverally inflided by the faid former ad$, fo far as the faid former ads, or any of them, are unrepealed ; all which penalties fhall be recovered, and puniftiments inflided, in the manner di-ceded by the faid ads, or any of them; and which faid penalties lhall be publickiy diftributed by the conftable of fuch townftlip, paiilh, or place, where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, in the prefence and under the diredion of the faid infpeft-or or infpedors, amongft the poor of fuch townftlip, parifti, or place, laft above-mentioned.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That no part or (hare of fuch Provifa penalties or forfeitures be given to fuch offender or offenders,

bis, her, or their family or families.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any agents, or perfons hired or employed to put out ?gcnts refuf-wool to be (pun into worded yarn, (hall have in his, her, or

their cuftody or pofleflion, any worfted yarn not reeled accord- E/falfe Sei. ing to thediredions herein-before fpecified and laid down foring yarn, the reeling thereof, and (hall refufe or not fet forth and give in evidence, before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid counties of Tori, Lancajier, and Chejler, or any riding* divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, within the fame, refpec-tively, being thereto required, what perfon or perfons was or were the reeler or reelers of fuch falfe or (hort reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the fame, fo that the perfon or perfons who reeled, or caufed to be reeled, fuch falfe or (hort yarn may be lawfully convided thereof in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they fo refufing, and being thereof lawfully convided, upon the oath of any perfon or perfons, before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as are herein-before mentioned,

(ball forfeit and pay the fdm of five (hillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, fo falfe or (hort reeled, which (hall be found in his, her, or their cuftody; all which penalties inflided by this ad (hall be recovered in the fame manner as the penalties inflided by the faid former ads are direded to be recovered, and (hall go, be paid, and applied, by fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner and form, to the poor of the town-

Digitized by

Google

A

gio	Anno	decimo feptimo GfioRGii III. c. it, [1777.

. {hip, as the penalties hercin-before mentioned are dircAed to be paid and applied.

Upon the XV. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That if any perfon who (hall be fo appointed an infpeAor of worfted yam, ethersto be' ^all happen to die, or (hall be removed or displaced from his faid appointed. office, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices of the peace of the faid weft riding of the county of York, in quarter feffions affembled as aforefaid, to licenfe fome other proper perfon or perfons to be an infpeAor or infpeAors of worfted yarn, within ,the faid countiesof York, Lancaster, anACheJler, upon the like recommendation, and in fuch manner, as is herein-before mentioned ; which faid perfon or perfons (hall be invefted with all the powers, and fubjeA to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties, for any breach or negleA of duty, as the infpe&or or infpeAors, in whofe place or places he or they (hall be appointed to fucceed, was invefted with or fubjeA and liable to. jftmHhment of XVI. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any infpe&or mfpt&ort or infpeAors, fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall at any time or tiroes hereafter ta^c or receive, from any perfon or perfons offending juftice. againft this or the faid former aAs, any fum or fums of money, or any other thing whatfoever, to fcreen from juftice, or other-wife to hinder or prevent fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid from being conviAed of fuch offence or offences, and being thereof conviAed upon the oath of two or more credible witnefles, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, or where the perfon or perfons fo charged (hall refide or inhabit (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice orjuftices of the peace to commit fuch infpeAor or infpeAors fo offending to the houfe of correAion, or other pub-lick prifon, in the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, for the fpaceof one month.

XVII. And whereas iy feveral arts of parliament, made in tie tenth and twelfth years of the reign of £>ueen Anne, and feveral fub-fequent ails, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the faid ails '	granted,	are directed to pay out of the monies in their hands, by way

of drawback, unto any perfon or perfons who Jhould employ any quan~ tity of Jope in the making of any manufactures whereof the grsateft part of the value of the materials Jhould be wool, or in preparing the wool for the fame, the duties upon the fope fo fpent and confumed as aforefaid; and to the end that a fufficient fund may be rat fedfor defray* ing the expences in and about the obtaining this ait, and for paying the falaries of the infpeitors and clerk to be appointed under, and by virtue, Fund to be	and for the purpofes, of this ail, and all other neceffary expenses at-

eftablifhed for tending the carrying this ail into execution, under the direction of the expcnccfof committee-, be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, the execution That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the of this aft. collcAor or collcAors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon

or

1777-] A11110 feptlirto Georgii HI. c. i u	$t	i

or perfons employed in the collection of the duties on fope, within the faid counties of York> Lancajbr, and Cbefter, and who by the hid adts are thereby dire&ed to pay fuch drawback of the duties on fope to fuch manufacturers as aforefaid, and fuch collector or collectors* fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, are hereby required, from time to time, to deduct and retain the fum of two-pence out of every (hilling, to which any perfon, be* ing a mafter manufacturer of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worded, redding within the counties of York,

Lancafter, and Cbefler, (hall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, (he, or they (hall demand payment of, under and by virtue of the faid aCts, or any other aCt or aCts of parliament whatfoever, as and for the duties of and for kll fope fpent, employed, and confumcd in the combing of wool, making of worded yarn, or any kind of goods made from worded, or preparing the wool for the fame, in the faid counties of York9 Lancajler, and Chejitr; and fuch collector or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, and each and every of them, (hall feverally and refpeCtivcly pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the treafurer of the wed riding of the county of York for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the fum or dims of money by him, them, or any of them, fo deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the purpofes of this aCt.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid treafurer for Treafurer for the faid wed riding of the county of York, for the time being, the weft rid-(hall, out of the money hereafter to be received by him in man- °* York-ner aforefaid, pay the charges and expences of obtaining andXecbaJwof palling this aCt, and the expences relative thereto, together with this out of intered for all or any part of fuch expences, the falaries of the in- the monies to fpe&ors and clerk herein-before directed to be appointed, the be received expences of all profecutions in fupport of this and the faid former ads, and fuch other charges and expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the fupport and encouragement of the faid manufactory, as the faid committee, or any four of them, in committee auembled, (hall, by writing under their hands, di^ red or appoint; and the faid treafurer is alfo hereby required not to pay any fum or fums of money, fo to be hereafter received by hitni for the purpofes of this aCt in manner aforefaid, to any per-fon or perfons whomfoever, or for any purpofes whatfoever, without fuch order, direction, or appointment, in writing, under the hands of fuch committee for the time being, or any four of them, in committee aflembled; and fuch treafurer (hall, and he is hereby required, yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the faid committee herein-before appointed to be held on	'

the Monday before Michatlmai-day, in every year, for the future, to return and tranfmit to fuch committee, at fuch quarterly meeting, a true and perfeCt account of all and every the fum or fums of money which (hall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, fince the then lad yearly account; which faid account (hall be taid before the judices of the peace for the faid C	wed

Digitized by v^ooQle

$**	Anno	docim©	fcptitno Gbormi III. c.m. (1777,

Weft riding of fhe county of F*r£, at their general quarter fetRons of the peace yeady to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Leeds, in the faid weft riding, for their infpedion and allowance.

The rate of XIX. And it is hereby further enaded* That in cafe at any *d. in the time hereafter the monies herein-bcfore directed and ordered to £ reduced^ Pa^ lf**° hands of the treafurer for the faid weft tiding of w * the county of York^ for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall, affter payment of all and every the charges and cxpences herem-before ordered and direded to be paid thereout, amount to the fumtf fix hundred pounds; then,and iti fuch cafe, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding of the county of Tonf, at their general quarter fcflions to be holden at Leeds, as aforefaid, upon application made to them by the faid committee, or any feven of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the faid juftices by fifty or more mafter manufacturers of combing wool, worftd yarn, or goods made from worded, within the faid counties of Tori, Lancafter, and Che/ier9 by writing alfo under their hands, to make orders for reducing the aforefaid two-pence per fhillmg, Which the collectors and fupervifors of excife are herein-befoit direded to retain in their hands, to three-halfpence, one penny, or a halfpenny per (hilling, as they may think neceflery, unt8 fuch fund (hall be reduced to three hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, to advance or reduce the *	fame,	fo as the fund in the treafurer’s hands (hall not exceed fix

hundred pounds, nor be reduced to lefs than three hundred pounds, and fo as the fame (hall never exceed the rate, proportion, or Aim of two-pence per (hilling, herein-bcfore diro2edto be deducted and retained as aforefaid.

How joftices XX. And be it further enacted, That the juftice or juftices arc to proceed before whom any offender (hall be convided as aforefaid, (hall on conviaion caufc the faid convidton to be made out in the manner and form of offenders. following. (that is to fay).

Form of con- T)E it remembered, That on the vision. JD day of	in	the	year	of	our	Lord

A. B. is convifled before me [or us] of bis Majefty's juftices of the peace for

[fpecifying the offence,

, and the place where the fame was committed; and alfo fpecifying that it was the firft, fecond, or third offence, againft this ad, as the cafe (hall be.]

Given under my hand and feal [or, our bands and feats] the iof and year aforefaid.

Which convidion the faid juftice or juftices fhall caufetobe fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter feflion of the peace for the county, riding, di?ifion,city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch convidion was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among

the

Digitized by v^rOOQle

1777*1 A***0 dccimo leptimo GfcoSGIi I1L c* it.	$2$

the record* of fuch county, riding, divifion, cky, liberty, town* or place.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Perfont ag-foid,That if any perfon or perfons (hall find him, her, or them- tcTthe (elves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any juftice or qu|£terft(-juftices, or upon any convidion before him or them in purfuance font*

of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the next general quarter feflions to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, which ihall not be held within fourteen days next after the caufc of appeal (hall arife, giving, ten days notice of fuch appeal to the perfon or perfons difeovering the offence on which the convidion was made; and if the juftices at tfie faid quarter feflions either confirm or difannul the orders or proceedings of the (aid juftice or juftices, they (hall allow fuch cofts and charget to the party aggrieved thereby, as they (hall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes of appeal from any order of the juftices of the peace to the feflions, whofe order therein (hall be final.	'

XXII.	Provided neverthelefs, That the perfon or perfons P^jons *p-appealing to the next general or quarter feifions of the peace as atorefoid, (hall give fecurity, to the fatisfodion of the faid juftice profecute^etc# or juftices, to profecute fuch appeal with effod; and to pay the

cons which (hall be afeertained by the faid general or quaner feflions, in cafe fuch order or judgment be affirmed; and the juftices in the faid general or quarter feflions are hereby authorised to hear and determine fuch appeal, and to make order therein; and to award fuch cofts, as to them (hall appear juft; Order ofjuffi# which order (hall be final and condufive to all parties, and ihallcc* to be final* not be removed or removeable, by any writ of Certiorari, of otberwife, into any of his Majeft/s courts of record at fVeJi* mhtftery or el few here.

XXIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded,That Proceedings no order, or other proceedings, fo made or had, by or before.00*

any juftice of the peace, in relation to the precnifes, (hall qoafhed or vacated for want of form only.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any fuit or adion (hall be commenced or profecuted adiom. againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done or to be done

in purfuance of this ad, every fuch fuit or adion (hall be commenced ^within fix calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and (hall be feverally laid, brought, and tried in the counties of York, Lancafter, and Cbejier, as the cafe fhall happen, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adlonsor fuits (hall and may plead the general iflue. General ifiue.J and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of, and by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch fuit or adion (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury (hall fiud for

the

Digitized by

3*4

Treble cofts.

Publick aft.

Preamble. Aft 7 Geo. 3 recited)

pod farther

continued till

June i, 179S.

Preamble.

Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 12—14. C1777-

the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or diicontinue his, her, or their aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment (hall be given aeainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes at law.

XXV. And be it further enafted,That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft) and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecialiy pleading the fame.

C A P, XII.

An aft for building abridge acrofs the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in tbe parifh of Brofelev, to or near a place called The Sbeep-waQ), in the pari(h of Sutton Maddock, in the county of Sa-lop j and for making proper roads and avenues to and from tbe fame.

CAP. XIII.

An at1 for continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in tbe feventb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, to prevent frauds andabufes in the admeafurement of coals fold by wharf meafure, within tbe city of London and the liberties thereof and between Tower- dock and Limehoufe»hole, in tbe county of Middlefex.

WHEREAS ad aft of parliament was made in the feventb year of the reign of bis prefent majefy King George the Third, intituled, An aft to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafure-ment of coals fold by wharf-meafure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower-dock and Limehoufe-hole, in the county of Middlefex-, which faid aft hath continuance from and after tbe firjl day of June, one thoufand fevtn hundred and fixty-feven, for the term offourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid aft hath been found ufeful and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it there* Fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft (hall be and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to enable his Majefty to licence a theatre in the city of Chefler.

WHEREAS a licenced theatre or playhoufe is defired in tbe city of Chefter; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be eoafted j and be it enafted by the King’s moft e*~

ccllcnt

Digitized by

Google

*777-1 Anno decimo fcptimo GeoRGIi llli C. 15*16.	J45

cellent majefty, by and with the advice and con Tent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of HiiMajdhr an aft of parliament, made in the tenth of his late Majefty's ’^nHettws^ reign, intituled. An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aft, made patent for*1* in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft eftablifhing a for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beg- theatre at gars, and vagrants, into one aft of parliament; and for the more Cheftcr. effeftual punching fuch rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fent, as relates to common players of interludes \ whereby all perfons are dif-charged to reprefent any entertainment of the ftage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majefty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majefty’s houfehold for the time being, except within the liberties of IVeJlminfer, or where his Majefty is residing for the time being; be, and the fame is hereby re* pealed, with refpeft to the faid city of Chefter\ and that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to grant letters patent for eftablilhing a theatre or playhoufe within the faid city of Chefter, which (hall be intitled to all the privilege*, and fubjefted to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhoufe in Great Britain is intitled and fubjefted,

CAP. XV.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the pariihes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifelev, Calverley, jBatley, Birftal, Mirfield, Hartifhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirk-beacon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordlhip or hbetty of Tong, in the weft riding of the county of York $ and for extending the jurifdiftion of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefraft, manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingley, in the laid county.

CAP. XVI,

An aft for limiting the exemptions from toll tfgranted by any aft orafts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pojlure.

WHEREAS an exemption from toll has, by feveral afts for Preamble* repairing turnpike roadsy been granted for cattle going to and from water and pafure: and whereas many difputes have arifen how far that exemption extended \ and it is not reafonable that cattle going to and from water or pafure Jhould be exempted from tolly when they travel upony and make ufe of any turnpike road for any confiderable length ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-afted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all cafes where any exemp- How far the lion from toll for cattle going to and from water or pafture, is exemption or (hall be given by any aft or afts made, or to be made, f°r X oing repairing any turnpike road, fuch exemption (hall only extend J * anVfrom to fuch cattle as (hall be driven to Acid from water or pafture water or paf-

from tore.

Google

, s

Anno dcclmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1777.

from one pariih to the next adjoining parish, or to fuch cattle as (hall not pafs upon any fuch turnpike road, more than for the fpace of two miles in going to or returning from water or pafture. This a ft not	II. Provided always, and be it cnafted, That nothing in this

to exempt cat-a<5l contained (hall exempt from the payment of toll, any cattle tle otherwjfe g0jng to and from water or pafture, for which any perfon (hall toll.C t0 pay ** to pay toll, by any aft made, or to be made, for repairing any turnpike road.

C A P. XVII.

An ad for dividing the chafe of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex; and Tor other purpofes theiein mentioned.

Preamble. Rights of parties. Claim of Trinity College, Cambridge, to great tithes \ and of the vicar of Enfield to the foall tithes. Survey made, and plan taken. Quantity of land. The fcheme of divifion. Allotment to Enfield. Allotment to Edmonton. Allotment to South Mimms. Allotment to Monken Hadley. Apportionment of Monken Hadley allotment. Allotment to the incumbent. Allotment to Hadley common. Provifo. Allotment to Enfield Old Park. A road to be made by Enfield Old Park. Proprietor of the park to pay 5I. a year to the pariih of Edmonton j who are, to make and maintain the laid road. Allotment to Old Fold manor. Refervation of common rights to Enfield Park and manor of Old Fold. Pinfolds referVed to the Croton. Stewards, etc. may remove pinfolds, with confent of churchwardens. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of other rights. Allotment in difeharge of great tithes of certain parts of the chafe. Directions for apportioning the refidue of the tithe allotment. When referees differ in opinion, an umpire to be ele&ed. For apportioning part of the tithe allotment. Enfield vicarage may be 'augmented, etc. Deed of augmentation to be inrolled. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of fuch tithes. Certain parts of the chafe made tithe-free. A refervation to tithe-owners, till their allotments be fenced. Powers to compound for tithes of Enfield allotment. The like power as to Edmonton and Hadley allotments. The like for Hadley incumbent's allotment. The like for the owners of incroachments. Compofitions for tithes not to prejudice leflees. Allotments to the King. . Fences to be made at his Majeity's expence. Except, etc. The nature of the fences deferibed. Directions for planting quiclcfets, etc. By whom the fences are to be repaired. His Majefty, etc. impowered to grant leafes for 99 years, and to mew the fame. Claufe for encouraging growth of timber on the King's allotments. His Majefty** rights of chafe refereed for a limited time. Owners of allotments may kill deer upon their own lands. Enfield chafe, after Jan. r, 17791 to.be difehafed. Certain parts of the cbace may'be imparked. Fifheries referved to his Majefty for a limited time. Timber refereed to the crown for a limited time: Application of monies arifing from (ale of timber. The crown impowered to fell certain parts of the ebafe, etc. Purcbafers, on payment of purchafe money, to be vetted in fee fimple,etc. The crown not to fell more than *50 acres betides incroachmpnts. Application of the purchafe-money. Edmonton allotment annexed to that pariih. South Mimms and Old Fold allotments annexed to South Mirams pariih. Monken Hadley allotments annexed to Monken Hadley pariih. The reft of the chafe to belong to Enfield pariih. Directions for afTcflingtbe King's allotment. Roads and bridges to be made at his Majefty'$ ex pence. ‘A defeription thereof. The King’s and tithe allotments eredted into a diftriCt for repair of roads. Two furveyors to be appointed. Surveyors, etc. impowered to get materials from commons, filling up pits. etc. Roads over the other parts of the chafe, by whom to be made. Ridgeway road to be continued to Enfield town. Quarter feffions may convert certain private roads into publick roads. a Owners of lands now part of the chafe, excluded from rights of common in marlhes, etc. Provifions for poffeflors of incroachments on the pariih allotments. Confirmation of grants by

copy

Digitized by t^ooQle

1777*7 Anno decime feptimo Georgii III. a'17.	32/

copy of court-roll. Confirmation of crown leafes. On what terms pof-fcftb'S of other incroachmmts may obtain leafes. On what terms copy-hold incroachments may be enfranchifed} or the fee fimple of other in-croachments may be purchafed. Rectipts to be given for purcbafe-monies. The form thereof. Rights referved till fences made. Enfield vicarial dues referved. Dues to the other vicars. Powers for the parities to make rules and orders concerning theirrefps&ive allotments: Such rules and orders to be figned by the major part of land-owners, etc. afTefled to the land tax at 10 L a year. Monies accruing from parifii allotments, to be paid to churchwardens, etc. till order made to the contrary. 200 acres of Enfield allotment to be inclofed, and tithe-free. Parilli officers, with confent of the veftry, may leafe the fame. Qualification of perfons to vote in veftry. No leafe to be granted for more than three lives or 99 years.

Proper roads to be left. Churchwarden* of Enfie’d impowered to demife xo acres to fir Thomas Hallifax, for 99 years; and 10 acres to Humphrey Bache, e q for the fame term. Application of the rents of the 200 acres'.

Edmonton common to be (hut up 14 we:ks every year. Limitation of penalties for cattle trefpafling on the commons. Freeholders, etc. to have the fame rfpts to recover as the crown would have had. flo new gates to be fet up, or ways made, without leave of the veitry. Exceptions. Penalty on offenders. Recitals in refpeff of South Mimms pirifh. South Mimms allotment, and Bentley-heath, to be divided and allotted among the freeholders, etc. Commiffioners appointed. Commiffioners tov be fvrom. Oath of commiffioners. When commiffioners die, or refu'e to »&, new ones to be choien. Two commiffioners to be a quorum. Notice ' of meetings and limirtions of diftanee Survey, admeasurement, etc. to be made. Incroachments made before Sept xg, 1776, ‘to be the property of the perfons in pofleflion. Exceptions. Parifh rents referved. Commil-fioners to appoint roads, fences, bridges, etc. At whofe expence roads to be made and repaired. Vicarage of South Mimms to be augmented.	'

Vicar, with confent of the patron, etc. may exchange lands allotted to him. Appointment of the refidue of the walte. Allotments for cottages, etc. Allotments to other perfons. Afleflments to be confolidated. Own. eis of two or more cottages to be allotted one acre for each. Two d waitings under one roof but one cottage. Provifion for untenanted houfes.

An exception as to Mr. Allen, the brewers company, and Shenley parifh.

Earl of Salifbury's allotment, in difeharge of manerial rights and tithes. Coouniffiqners to have regard to the quality and fituation of the lands, etc.

Mr. Byng's allotment. Mr. Byng to make a certain part of the road, and to keep it in repair for 7 years. Allotment to Mr. Bowyer. Power to exchange lands. Allotments to be iuclofecj, etc. Penalty on perfons neglecting to indofe. May be levied by diltrefs, etc. Gaps to be left in the fences. Allotments to be accepted within a certain time. Guardians, etc. may accept. Non-acceptance of guardians not to prejudice infants, etc. This aft not to affeCt wills or fettlements, etc. Allotments to be freeholds. Allotments to be the immediate property of the landlords. Leflces may appeal to commiffioners. Tenants for life, etc. impowered to borrow money to inclofe,etc. and to mortgage the allotments for a fecurity. In-tereft to be kept down. Mortgages, etc. may be affigned. Commiffioners to make an award. Award to be ingrafted, and inrolled in the duchy court. Right of common, etc. to ceafe. The leafe of the coney-warren to be vacated from 0<ft. 1,1777. For felling Mr. Nicoll’a cottage and land.

For fale of Mr. Ruftell's cottages and lands. Valuation of timber to be made on oath. The oath. Commiffioners to notify the value of the trees on each perfon's allotment. If owners of fartH decline the purchafe, the trees to be fold by publick au&ion. Application of purch ale-money of land, timber, etc. In cafe of d-ficiency, how the fame fhall be fuppjied.

Allowance to the commiffioners. Commiffioners to account, etc. Brew- » ers company to enfranchife their copyhold t-nements, etc. Form of en-franchiiemcnt. Mimms allotment to be a feigniory. Its name. Churchwardens incorporated. Claufe for preferving new fences. No fheep to be keprin the new inclofures for 7 years 1 except, etc. Tenants for life, etc. impowered to cut dowa and carry away trees, buffees, etc. Power for the VOL. XXXI.	A a	vicart

✓

328	Anno	decimo	feptimo Georgu III. C. 18.	[*777-

▼tears of Enfield, etc. and Hadley incumbents, to grant leafet. How rents {hall be paid on death, ceflion, or refignation. Claufe for prore&ion of tne woods. Penalty for deltroying fences. Method of recovering penalties. How juftices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of convidion. Hadley parifli to be within the jurifdiCtion of the ordinary. Certain tn. c oachments enfranchifed. For afeertaining tenures. Six parts to be made ot the furvey, and to be certified by the fpeaker of the houfeof commons: to be kept in the parifli chelU.Trinir) College,and in the duchy office. Per font aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftfiions; whole determination ihall be final. Limitation of a&ions. General ifl\ie may be pleaded to actions. Saving the rights of the New River company. Genera) laving of rights. Pubuck ad.

C A.P. XVIII.

An aft for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, to purchafe the prefenl tolls and duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, vjeftward of London-bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for a laying a fmall toll in lieu thereof for the purpofe of more effeftually completing the /aid navigation \ and for other purpofes.

Preamble. \Kf H E R E AS by an aft of parliament, made in the fourteenth A^ted^C°3' * * year °f t^e rel&n °f ^ts Prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad rtci * more effectually to improve and complete the navigation of the river Thames, weftward of London-bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and to prevent any veffel or barge from being moored in Taplow-mill dream, in the county of Rucks; the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council of fembled, were and are authorifed and empowered to improve and complete the navigation of the faid river, between the city of London and the city Jlone above Staines-bridge, in the county of Middlefex:

•	and	whereas the may or, alder men, and commons, of the city of Lon-

don, have proceeded to carry the faid oft into execution, and fevcrcl necejfary and expen five works have been performed within their junf-diftion, between the city of London and the city Jlone above Stains-bridge, whereby the navigation bath been greatly improved, the pfe fage for boats and barges rendered more expeditious, and the expentes of navigating confederably reduced: and zybercas the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have already applied near Un thoufand pounds in this fervice, out of their own efeates, but find that) notwithjlanding fo large a fum has been expended by them, other works, very necejfary for completing the improvement of the faid navigation, fill remain to be done, the probable expence of which will, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have been informed amount to the additional fum of near eight thoufand pounds, over anl above a eonfiderable expeme that will annually be incurred in repairing and fupporting the workj: and whereas the mayor, aldermen, anl commons, of the city of London, are deferous of being enabled to pur-ebafe the feveral tolls and duties or other fumy of money now colleftd and taken for barges and other vejfels navigating, and for borfes drawing fett-b barges and vejfels, within the limits before-mentioned \ ani propo fe that the faid tolls and duties, or other Jums of money fo pur,-clajed by them, Jhall ceafe and be no longer paid; as they apprebeni, from the circumfeances and nature of the faid tolls and duties, anl

Digitized by v^ooQle

x777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18.	329

ether furm of money, that they are attended with great inconveniences to the navigation, and to the publick: and the /aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in order to carry the'good purpofes of the Jaid jormcr act into execution, and to enable them to purchafe the prefent tolls and duties, and payments, and to complete the fold navigation, are alfo defir ous that they Jhould be impowered to lay a fmall toll, in lieu of the prefent tolls and duties, and payments, upon the fev.ral barges, boats, and other veffeh, navigating the faid river, between London-bridge, and the city Jlone above Staines-bridge, according to the quantity of tonnage : but, as the fame cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be law- Power given fii! for the faid mayor, aidermen, and commons, in common to the mayor, council aflembled, and they are hereby impowered to treat and etc. in com. agree with the owners and occupiers of, and other perfons in-terefted in, the feveral tolls and duties and payments, now col- pUr£hafe I™ Jefted and taken for barges and other veflels navigating, and for old tolls and horfes drawing fuch barge? and veflels, between the city of Lon- duties, etc. don and the city done above Staines-bridge, for the purchafe of fuch tolls and duties; and with the owners and occupiers of, and other perfons interefted in, fuch lands or grounds as they fhall judge fit to be purchafed for the purpofe of erefting toll-houfes and toll-gates, or other the purpofes of this aft.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Bodies poli-it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corpo- ticIc» truitecs, rate, or collegiate, or corporations aggregate or foie, truftees and feoffees in truft, guardians, and committees for lunaticks and convey tolls? idiots, executors, adminiftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not duties, and only for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceflors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Cefiuique truffs, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes-covert, or other perfons whatfoever; and to and for all femes-covert who are or (hall be feized in their own right, and to and for all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be feizod or poflefled of, or interefted in, any of the tolls or duties or pay* ments, now collefted and taken, for barges and other veflels, navigating, or for horfes drawing fuch barges and veflels, within the limits herein-before mentioned, or any lands or grounds, which by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or committee to be bv thetri appointed, (hall be thought necefTary to be purchafed for the purpofes of this aft, to fell and convey a!l or any fuch tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, or any part thereof, to the faid mayor and com-monalty, and citizens; and that all contrafts, agreements, bar-	*°

gains, fales, and conveyances, which (lull be made by fuch ** v 1 perfons as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, not only to convey the eftate and intereft of the perfon and perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all right, eftate,

A a 2	intereft,

3P

If parties re-fufc to treat, etc. a jury to be fummoned

Anna dtcimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18. [;1777.

:ipfereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, of their feveral and refpedive Cejluique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes-covert,or other perfons whom-foever, and ail claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding: and that aJl fuch perfons fo conveying as aforefaid, are and (hall be indemnified for what they (hall do, by virtue of, or in purfuance of this.act, .notwithftanding any omiflion or miftake of matter or form whatfoever. And if it (hall happen that any perlbn or perfons, body or bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or other perfon or perfons fe»fed or pofiefled of, or interefted ina any fuch ' tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, as aforefaid, fhall refufe to treat or agree for the tale and conveyance of their refpedive eftates and interefts therein, with the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council a (Tcm bled, or with any perfon or perfons authorized by them, or (hall not produce and evince a clear title to the premifes, they arc in poilefiion of, or to the intereft they claim, to the fatisfadion of the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in comipon council aflemblcd, or to the perfon or perfons Jo aurhorifed by them ; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen 0/ the faid city, to be ho! Jen in the outer chamber of the Guild-htyll of the faid city, according to the cuftom of the faid city; .and the faid court is hereby impowered and authorised, to iiTue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the fheriffs pf the city of London, or the fhcriff of the county of Middle/#, or the (heriff of the county of Surry, as the cafe (hall require, who are, and each of them is hereby authorifed, direded, and required, accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of fuhftantial and difinterefted perfons qualified to ferve on juries, not Jefs than forty eight, nor more than leventy-two, and out of fuch perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by fome perfon to be by the faid-court appointed, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of ifiues joined in his Majefty’s courts at JVeflminfier^ (by an ad, made in the third year of the reign of his late rciajerty King George the-Second, intituled, An aft for the better regulation cf juries,) are direded to be drawn ; which perfons fo to be im-panntllcd, fummoned, and returned, as aforefaid, arc hereby required to come and appear before the faid court of mayor and aldermen, if the tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in queftion, are collected and taken, or lie in the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, at fuch time and place, as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, (hall be direded and appointed; and if the tolls, duties, lands or grounds in queftion, are colleded and tjken, or lie in either of the counties of Middlefex, or Surry, to come and appear before the juftices of the peace tor the county where the tolls or duties are colleded, cr the lands or grounds in * queftion lie, at fome general quaiter fclTions of the peace, to be holden for the faiqe county, or fome adjournment thereof; and

Digitized by

1777-] , Anno decimo fcptima GtoRGii IN. c. 18.

33 *

to attend the faid courts refpedlively, from day to day, until difcharged by the faid courts refpedlively; and a)) parties con* jurymen may cerncd thall and may have'their lawful challenges againft any of be challenged, the faid jurymen, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices as aforefaid, refpectively, 2re hereby authorifed and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to tiir.o, as occafioft (hall require, to call before them all and every perfon and perfons whomfo-ever, who fhall be thought proper or needfary to be examined as a witnefs or wifnefies, on their oarh or oaths, touching and Witreflesma/ concerning the premifes : and the faid court of mayor and alder- be examined men, or judices, as aforefaid, refpe&ively, if they think fir, fhallonoat ' and may likewife authorife the faid jury to view the place or places in qutftion, in fuch manner as they (hall dirc6t; and thtf faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, re-fpe6hVely,(hal! have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day today, as occafion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, Jury to eit-witnefies, and parties, to attend until all fuch affairs, for which q*»i«e inro th* they were fummoned, (hall be concluded ; and the faid jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch perfon jan(fe .etc, fa or perfons as (hall be'called upon to give evidence, the faidqueftion. court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, refpe&ive-ly, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall enquire of the value of fuch tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, and of the refpective eftate and intereft of every perfon feized or pof-feffed thereof, or intererted therein, or of or in any part thereof* and (hall aflefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons, for the purchafe of fuch their eftates and inte-refts; and the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, refpectively, (hall and may give judgement for fuch fum or fums of money, fo to be aflefled ; which faid verdht or Verdict of verdicts, and the faid judgement, decree, or determination there- Jury. etc. f€f upon, notice in writing being given to the perfon or perfons in-** terefted, or claiming fo to be, at lead fourteen days before the time of fuch afleflment, declaring the time and place of the meeting or the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, refpectively, and jury, by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling-houfe of fuch perfon or perfons, or at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, or with fome leflee, tenant, or occupier of fome of the faid tolls, duties, lands or grounds intended to be valued and aflefled, in cafe fuch party cannot other-wife be found out to be ferved with fuch notice) (hall be binding and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, againft, all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe or intereft, in, to, or out of the (aid toils, duties, lands or grounds, either in pofleflion, reveriion,' remainder, or expectancy, as well infants and iflue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, and femes-covert, and perfons under any other legal incapacity or ditability, as all other tcf.uique trufts, his, her, and their heirs, fucccfibrs, executors, and ad-miniftrators, and againft all other perfons whomfoever \ and thw

faid

Arguments and conveyances to be made to the Maj or, etc.

Anno dccimo leptimo Georgii III. c. 18.	[1777.

(aid verdi^s, judgements, and decrees, and all other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices as aforefaid, relpedfivcly, and juries, fo to be made, given, :nd pronounced, as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written on parchment, and figned and fealed by the mayor for the time being, or by the juftices pre-fent, or ;he major part of them.

III.	And it is hereby.further enabled and declared. That upon payment of Lch fum or fums of money, fo to be awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons, to whom the fame (hall be fo awarded for the purchafe of the faid tolls, duties, lands or grounds, or for the purchafe of any eftate or intereft therein# . lhall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, aflignments, and affurances in the law, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid tolls, duties, lands and grounds, or of fuch eftate or intereft for which fuch fum or fums of money (hall be fo awarded, and (hall procure all neccflary parties to execute fuch conveyances, alignments, and aflurances, and (hall do all ads, matters, and things, neceftary and requifite to make a good, clear, apd perfect title, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and fuch conveyances, alignments, and affurances, (hall contain all fuch reafonable and ufual covenants as lhall, on the part of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, be If perfon'can- required : and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum not evince a or lums of money (hall be fo awarded, as aforefaid, lhall not be able to evince their title to the premifes, to the fatisfadlion of the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council alfetn* bled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or lhall refufe fo to do, being thereto required, and fuch fum or fums fo alfclTed and awarded as aforeiafd,. being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making fuch title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, fuch conveyances, aftignments, or affurances, as aforefaid; or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum and fums of wherTthe110^ money ke awar^e(l as aforefaid, cannot be found in the lands etc. lie c'fy or counly where the toils, duties, lands or grounds, for ’which the faid fums lhall be fo alfelfed or awarded, are collected and taken, or lie; or in cafe, that by reafon of difputes, depending in any court of law or equity, or for defedl of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council alfcmbled, what perfon or perfons is or arc the purchafe- intiiled to the premifes in queftion; then, and in every fuch money to be cafe as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid court of'mayor and aldermen, to order the faid fum or fums, fo aftefied and awarded as aforefaid, as the value of, and purchafe-money for, the faid tolls, duti s, lands and grounds refpetfively, to be paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the parties mrercfttd in the faid prefnifes, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their refpe&ive eftates and intereft therein, at fuch time as the faid court of mayor and aldermen (ball order

q	and

clear title to the premifes.

or cannot he found in the

lodged in the bank.

Digitized by

Google

33$

1777*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 18.

and direCt; and the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, vrho (hall receive fuch fum or fums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for fuch fum or fums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch perfon as fhall pay any fuch fum or fums into the bank as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Verdi<5h and That all fuch verdicts, judgements, fentences, decrees, orders, decree# of the and other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, court of alder-or juftices as aforefaid, refpeCtively, and juries, as relate to, or£e"^!^0 Concern any tolls, duties, lands or grounds, fo to be purchafedamongdie as aforefaid; and all receipts which the faid cafhier or cafhiers of record# of the the bank fhall give for any fum or’fums of money, paid into the faid court* bank in confequence of any fuch verdiCt and judgement, fhall be entered among the records of the laid court of mayor and aldermen, or general quarter feffions of the peace fot the faid county of Middleftx, or the faid county of Surry, as the cafe lhall happen to be; and the faid verdicts, judgements, fentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, lhall be deemed and taken to be records, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and the fame, or true copies thereof, fhall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof, in any court or couris and to be of law or equity whatfoever$ and all perfons fhall and may have deemed good recourfe to the famegrj//j, and take copies thereof, paying forcvldcnct* every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, fixpence, and fo proportionably for any greater or letter number or words: and After fuch immediately after fuch verdicts, judgements, fentences, decrees, verdi£h,ctc. orders, and other proceedings of the faid court of mayor andthc du“ aldermen, or juftices aforefaid refpeCtively, and juries, and of to b/purchaf! fuch receipt or receipts of the faid cafhier or cafhiers as aforefaid, ed, vetted in all the eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim the maydrand and demand, in law and equity, of the perfon or perfons for citiacus. , whofe ufe fuch money fhall be paid, in, to, and out of the faid tolls, duties, lands and grounds to be purchafed as aforefaid, lhall veft in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they fhall be deemed in law to be in the aCtual poflfeflion thereof, to all intents,and purpofes whatfoever, as fully and effectually, as if every perfon, having any eftate in the premifes, had aCiually conveyed the fame byleafe and releafe, bargain and fale in rolled, grant, feoffment with livery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance whatfoever; and fuch payments fhall not only bar ail right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, of the perfon or perfons to whole ufe fuch payments were made, but alfo fhall extend to, and be deemed and conftrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of fuch perfon and perfons, and all eftates tail, in pofleflion, reverfion, or remainder, and all rights and titles, in refpeCt of any fuch eftate tail, againft the iffue and ilfues of fuch perfon and perfons, and every perfon claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or fuffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

A I 4	V.	PrO-

Digitized by t^ooQle

33+

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

Court of al- V. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for the clermen may fajj court of mayor and alderpien, after fuch payment into the chafe -money hank, and entry of the receipt aforefaid, at the petition of any in the funds perfon or perfons in pofteflion of fuch tolls, duties, lands or on govern* grounds, to place out or inveft, or to caufc to be placed out or ment fecurity, inverted, fuch fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, in €tc' _ fome of the publick funds, or on government fecurity, at intereft, in the name or names of any perfon or perfons autho-, rifed and appointed by the faid court of mayor and aldermen for that purpole, in truft, to transfer and aflign the fame to the perfon or perfons to whom the premifes belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof, and in the mean time in truft, to pay the intereft and dividends arifing therefrom to fuch perfon or perfons as was or were in pofteflion of the faid premifes, at the time of the faid payment into the bank.

PerfonsVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That all and tied to the every perfon or perfons who would be intitled to recover the premifes, may me^nc profits of the premifes, againft the perfon or perfons in recover in re- pofteflion, in cafe the fame had not been fo conveyed to or verted reft by adion in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, of debt, etc. (hall be intitled to recover the fum or fums to arife from fuch interefts and dividends as aforefaid, by atftion of debt, or other-wife, againft the perfon or perfons who (hall receive the fame ; and the faid court of mayor and aldermen are hereby impowered and authorifed to make fuch order as aforefaid on the bank, for the payment of fuch fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, as (hall be neceffary, in order to the fame being fo inverted in publick fecurities: and the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall be quieted in the pofteflion of the premifes, for <	which	fuch	money	(hall	be	fo	paid as aforefaid, and (hall not be

anfwerabl.e or accountable, in any court of law or equity, for the money fo depolited and placed out as aforefaid, any otherwife than according to the purport and true meaning of this a<51. Feme-covert VII. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any femc-finfte'etc^o covcrt *s or	m	fee*Ample, or in tail, general or

have her pur- special, of an^ fuch tolls, duties, lands or grounds, fo to be pur-chafe money chafed as aforefaid, by the faid mayor and commonalty, and paid to whom citizens, or of any intereft in the fame, to her feparate ufe, free minatelin°~	the	controul	or	intermeddling	of her hufband, the pur-

chafe-money, arifing from the fale of fuch eft ate or intereft of fiich feme-covert, on the conveyance of fuch eftate or intereft to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall be paid either to the hulband of fuch feme-covert, at her requeft, or to filch perfon or perfons as (he (hall, by writing under her hand, nominate to receive the fame, in truft, to be re-invefted in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled for fuch ufe, eftater and inrereft, as the faid feme-covert had in the pre-, rml'es fo purehafed by the faid mayor and commonalty, and ci-tizens.

monJy^n *VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ctruin cafes, That the principal,money arifing from the hie of any tolls,

duties,

Digitized by L.ooQle

i?77*] Anno decimo fepdmo Georgii III. c. iS.	S3S

duties, lands or grounds, which fhall be purchafed for any of^allbcdir. the purpofcs of this adt, of or from any body corporate or col- P^e<i °** legiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians, committees, or other truftees, or from any feme-covert, (hall be paid to fuch perfons as they (hall refpedbvely nominate to receive the fame, in truft, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards, to be re-invefted in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjedt to the likd ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the tolls, duties, lands and grounds, which (hall be pur-chaled from them reipedlively, by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, were refpedtively fettled, limited, or affured, at the time of fuch purchafing of the fame, or fo many thereof as at the time of making fuch conveyances and fettlements (hall be exifting and capable of taking effedt.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Bargains and the conveyance of any fuch eftate or intereft, of any feme-covert, farce of* to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any perfon fiaet or ^co* or perfons in truft for them, by bargain and fale, acknowledged veric*.

by fuch feme-covert, and inrolled in the court of huftingsof the faid city, according to the cuftom of the faid city, within fix calendar months after the making thereof, (hall as effedhially and abfolutely convey the eftate and intereft of fuch feme-covert in the premifes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuffered thereof, in due form of law.

And further, that all bargains and Tales whatfoever, to be made of any fuch tolls, duties, lands and grounds, as fhall be purchafed by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, (hall have the force, effedt, and operation in law, to all intents and purpofes, which* any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever, would have, if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any perfon or perfons feized of any eftate in the premifes, in truft for, or to the ufe of fuel) bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfon* infe-

all and every perfon and perfons whofoever, having any right,	^

title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, or demand whatfoever, whe-entcj.a nJcmo. ther in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expedtancy, or other- rial of their wife, in, to, or out of, any tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, rjght within which by virtue of this adt (hall he purchafed by and conveyed, hvc >ca,s*

or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by any fuch bargain and fale as aforefaid, (hall, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrolmenr of luch bargain and fale, enter a memorial of fuch their ri«;ht, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpofe prepared and kept in a book to by the town-clerk or the faid city of Lowhn^ or the clerk of the b* prepared peace for tfie county refpedtively; which book the faid town-^hc^wn* clerk, and clerk of the peace refpedtively, are hereby iequiredCv'r ,cc* to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which entry they (hall be intitled to fuch fee, and no other, as the regifter of the county .

cf

Digitized by

foch right.

Perfons To barred may bring aft ion f

money.

336	Anno	decimo feptimo Gcorgh III. C. 18.	[*777.

of Middlefex is by law.intitled to, for the regiftry of a memorial or be for ever containing the fame number of words; and all and every perfon barred of all , or pcrf0ns whofoever, not entering fuch right, claim, and demand, within fuch tidoe, and in fuch manner as aforefaid, or having fo entered the fame, and not profecuting fuch their right, claim, or demand, with effedt, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the time of fuch entry, (hall be for ever barred of all right, title, ufe, equity, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, whether in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or expcdlancy, or otherwife, in, to, or upon, or out of the faid premifes, and every part thereof; and the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and thofe claiming by, from, or under them, (hall be quieted in the pofleflion of fuch premifes, any law, ftatute, ufage, matter, or thing whatfoever, to the contrary not-withftanding.

XL Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons, barred of any right, title, eftate, intereft, claim, or demand whatfoever, in, of!deb??gainftto* orout °f ^ to^s* duties, lands and grounds, by virtue the receiver of	this a<5, (hall be at liberty to bring any action or adtions of

the purchafe- debt, for money had and received to his or their ufe, againfl any perfon or perfons, or the legal reprefentative of any perfon or perfons, who received the purchafe-money arifing from fuch fale of the faid tolls, duties, lands, or grounds aforefaid; and that in every fuch cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of fuch title as would have enabled them to recover fuch tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, or any part thereof, or any eftate or intereft in the fame, (hall recover the faid purchafe-money, or fo much thereof as (hall be equivalent to their intereft in the faid premifes, together with fuch ihtereft as (hall be equivalent to the mefne profits of the premifes which they would have been intitled to recover, in cafe this a<ft had not been made.

XII. And be it further enadled. That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall have any mortgage or mortgages on fuch tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, not being in pofleflion thereof by virtue of fuch mortgage or mortgages, (hall, on the tender of the principal money, and intereft due thereon, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflem-bled, or by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, immediately affign and transfer fuch mortgage and mortgages to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall appoint, in truft for them; and in cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall have notice in writing, from the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, that they will pay off and difeharge the principal and intereft which (hall be due on the faid mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of fix calendar months, to be computed from fuch notice given; and at the end of the faid fix calendar months, in cafe payment, or a legal tender (hall bp made of the principal and iqtereft fo due, and fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, or thofe claiming under, or in truft for him, her, or them, (hall refufe or negledt effectually to convey and aflign his, her, or

their

Mortgagees, on tender ot' principal and lutcreft, to convey, etc.

On refufal, after fix months notice, intereft to ccafc.

Digitized by •	:>ogle

337

17770 Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii III. c. i8. .

their intereft in the premifes, to the faid mayor and common- ' airy, and citizens, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, in truft for them, that then immediately after fuch payment or tender made, all intereft on every fuch mortgage (hall ceafe and determine,

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That upon payment of the On payment principal money and intereft, due on any mortgage, as aforefaid, ^onef uito** into the bank, at the end of fix calendar months from fuch no- th^bank, pre-ticc as aforefaid, for the ufe of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the mifes to vat . ca(hier or calhiers of the bank (hall give a receipt or receipts for in the city, the faid money, in like manner as is herein-before directed in cafes

of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the efiate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, of the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every perfon or perfons in truft for, or claiming under, him, her, or them, (hall veft in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they (hall be deemed to be in the a&ual polTeflion of the premifes comprized in fuch mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Expencet of That in all cafes where any verdidl as aforefaid (hall be given i«ne* howto for a greater fum than (hall have been offered by or on the be- bc dcfrayed-half of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of. the city of

London, or in cafe no fuch offer (hall have been made before the fummoning of any fuch jury, that then all the expences of fum-moning fuch jury, and the witneffes, and of taking fuch inqueft,

(hall be paid by the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of Loudon: but if any fuch verdidl (hall be given for no more, or for a lefs fum than (hall have been fo previoufly offered by or on the behalf of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch expences (hall be defrayed by the owners of, or the perfons interefted in fuch tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in queftion; and fuch expences (hall be deducted and taken out of the monies to be af-fefted and adjudged, and fuch deduction (hall be deemed and taken as payment of fo much thereof.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Fines on (he- * That the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as afore- ^nl^eftin faid, refpedtively, (hall have power, from time to time, to im- their *Juty:°* pofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds,

on fuch (heriff or iheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, refpedively, making default in the premifes; an<J on any of the oerfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries, who thall not appear, or who (hall refufe to be fworn on the faid jury or juries, or being fo fworn (hall not

Sive his or their verdidl; and alfo on any perfon or perfons who rail be fummoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforefaid, and (hall not attend, or (hall refufe to be fworn, or who being fworn (hall refufe to give his, her, or their evidence; alfo on any other perfon or perfons who (hall in any other manner wilfully neglcdl his or their duty in the premifes, con*

trary

Digitized by

Google



Anno decimo feptimo Geobgh III. c. 18.	[1777.

Penalty on giving filJe evidence.

The prefent toils and du-ties to ceafe, when vclted in the mayor,

may be levied trary to the true intent and meaning of this a6k: and from time by dill refs and to time t0 ievy fuCh fine or fines, by order of the faid court of *mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as cforefaid, refpeclively, by diftrefs and fale t>f the offender’s goods, together with the rea-fonable charges of every fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners.

XVI.	And be it further enaefte^, That all and every perfon or perfons, who, in any examination to he taken by virtue of this a<5t, (hall give falfe evidence before the faid coort of mayor and aldermen, or before any juftices of the pence, (hall and may be profecutcd for the fame; and upon conviction thereof, lhail be fubjedt to fuch punilhments and disqualifications as any perfon or perfons would be fubjeft to for wilful and corrupt perjury, by any of the laws or ftatutes of this realm.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That immediately after the faid tolls and duties, and payments, fo to be purchased, fhall be refpe&ively conveyed to, or other-wife vefted in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue, or in purfuance of this ad, the lame (hall refpedivcly ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or prefeription, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII I. And whereas, by reafon of the pur chafes which the faii mayor and commonalty, and citizens, tire hereby empowered to make, they may happen to be pffiffed offame piece or pieces of ground\ over and above what may be neeffary for any of the purpofes of this be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to ard for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, to let, fell, or difpofe of, any fuch piece or pieces of ground, either together or in parcels, as they (hall think molt advantageous and convenient, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hill be willing to contrad and agree for or purchafe the fame.

XIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thar, in confiderationof the great charges and expcnccs the faid br taken after mayor, aldermen, and commons, will be at in improving and May 1*1777. completing the faid navigation, and for keeping the works in repair, and in purchafmg the tolls and duties now collected and taken for barges and other veffcls navigating, and for horfes drawing fuch barges and veffcls, within the limits herein-before mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common Council aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and impower-•	,	ed, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the firft

day of May now next enfuing, to take, demand, recover, and receive, .or caufe to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received, for all barges, and other veffcls whatsoever, which (hall be navigated upon the faid river Thames, or any part thereof, between London-brNge and the city ftone above Staines-bridge, (except as hercin-after is mentiorfed) iuch fum and fums of money, in the nature of a tollor duty, tolls or duties, as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, upon

due

Common council ini-powered to let, fell, etc. any ground not neceflary tor the pur-po^s ot this alt.

New tolls to

0

Digitized by

Google

1777.} Anno dsoimo feptimo Georgii III. c.i&.	339

due confideration of the expences of improving and completing the faid navigation, and purchafing the tolls and duties now collected and taken for badges and other veflels navigating, and /or horfes drawing fuch barges and veflels, within the limits aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, think proper, not exceeding the tolls and duties hcrein-after mentioned; (that is to fay,

•

For all barges and veflels navigated on the faid river weft-\yard of London-bridge, to Strand on the Green* or Brentford, one halfpenny per ton; to lfeworth* ox Richmond, one penny per ton ; to Twickenham, or Teddington, one penny halfpenny /rr ton tq Kingiion, or Hampton Wick* two-pence per ton; to Ditton„

Hampton-court 1 Moulfey*. or Hampton* two pence halfpenny per ton ; to Suhbury* Wa[ton* Haw/ord* Shepperton, or Weybridge* three-pence per ton ; to Cbert/ey* or Lalebam* three-pence halfpenny per ton; to Staines, and upwards, four-pence per ton:

Which faid tells and duties (hall be paid to fuch perfon or per-To whom the fons, at fuch place or places near to the faid river Thames, in toll* (hall be fgeb manner, and under fuch regulations, as the faid mayor, al- paid* dermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, lhall from time to t'mie direft and appoint: and in cafe of denial or Method of neglect of payment of any fuch toll or duty, tolls or duties, or recovering any part or parts thereof, on demand, to fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, may fue for the fame by a&ion of debtor upon the cafe, in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, in any court of record; or the perfon or, perfons to whom the faid tolls or duties ought to have been paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby im-powered to feize and detain fuch barge or veflel, for or in re-(jpe<5t whereof any toll or duty, tolls or duties, ought to be paid, until payment thereof, together with reafonable charges for fuch feizure and detention; and if the fame (hall not be redeemed within four days after the taking thereof, the fame may be ap-praifed and. fold, as the law directs in cafe of diftrefs for rent.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enafled by the au-Provifofor thority aforefaid. That if all the tolls and duties, now collected deducing the and taken for barges and other veflels'navigating, and for out of the new horfes drawing fuch barges and veflels, within the limits herein- to|j,t jn cafe before mentioned, (hall not ceafe and be determined by virtue th?y (hall fub-or in purfuance of this a<5t, before the faid firft day or May now f|ft *f*er rhc next enfulng, that then, and in fuch c^fe, all and every perfon	jjjj

and perfons who, after the faid firft day of May now next enfu- *** ing, (hall pay all or any of fuch tolls or duties for any barg^ or barges, or other veflel or veflels navigating, or for horfes drawing fuch barge or barges, veflel or veflels, within the limits aforefaid, after the faid firft d.iy of May now next enfuing, or any of them, (hall and may dedueft out of the tolls and duties to be made payable under, or by virtue of this atft, all (uch fum and fums of money, as he, (he, and they refpedively (hall pay for or

• Digitized by LxOOQle

Owners of

▼effeis to put their names

marked.

Offenders to

forfeit 40 s. •ach.

Anno dccimo feptimq GeoRGII III. C. 18.	[1777.

in refpeft of the tolls and duties now collected and taken as aforefaid, or any of them ; which fum and fums of money fhall be accordingly allowed to fuch perfo'n and perfons refpedtively, any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.	'

XXI.	And it is hereby furtherenafled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every owner and owners of any barge or other veflel on the^utfides Pa^n? 011 the ^aic* r,ver Tbamts, between the limits aforefaid, thereof. fhall, at his, her, or their own expence, caufe his, her, or their name or names to be fet in legible painted white capital letters, of the length of fix inches, and the breadth of one inch, on each of the outfides of every fuch barge or other veflel, higher than the fame (halt fink into the water when full loaded, and caufe the fame to be renewed or reftored fo often as the fame (hall be Veflel* to t* worn out or defaced in part, or in the whole; and (hall alfo per-meafured andrnit and fuffer every fuch barge or other veflel to be meafured and gauged, and marked with the number of the tons of her burthen, at the expence of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, whenever it fhall be required by them, or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by them for that purpofe; which number of tons fo marked (hall be accounted the tonnage of fuch barge or other veflel, and toll paid for it accordingly: and all and every fuch owner and owners as fhall refufe or negle£t to put his, her, or their name or names, on any fuch barge or other veflel, in manner aforefaid; or (hall alter, deface, erafe, or deftroy, any letter, deferibing any fuch name or tonnage as aforefaid; or (hall navigate, or caufe or fuffer to •be navigated, upon the faid river, within the limits aforefaid, any fuch barge or other veflel, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and tonnage, fet thereon in legible painted white capital letters of the dimer.fions aforefaid, higher than the fame (hall fink into the water when full loaded; or (hall refufe to have his, her, or their barge, or other veflel, meafured, gauged, or marked, as aforefaid, he, (he, and they (hall, for every fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit and pay to the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or their afligns, the fum of which may be forty (hillings; which faid forfeiture and forfeitures (hall and levied by dif- may recovered in a fummary way, by information or complaint, to be upon oath made to the mayor or any of the aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, or the county of Surry, (which faid oath they are hereby refpectively impowered and required to adminifter) and be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the h&nd and feal of fuch mayor, alderman, orjufticeof the peace, and fhall go and be applied in the manner following; (that is to fay,) one moiety to the informer or informers, complainant or complainants; and the other moiety to and for fuch ufes and purpofes as the tolls and duties, by this act granted and made payable, arc herein-after directed to be paid and applied.

XXII.	And

treis.

Digitized by L,ooQ[e

1777-3 Anno decimo leptimo-GEORGH II!.	341

XXII.	And be it further ensiled by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, al- Power to dermen, and commons, in common council aflemblcd, and they creft to11* are hereby authorifed and impowered, to caufe any toll-houfes Sate#*etc# and toll-gates to be ere<51ed, built, and made, upon the lands or grounds fo to be purchafed by them as aforelaid, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, for the purpofe of collecting the tolls and duties to be made payable in purfuance of this aCt.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That nothing No toll gates in this a6t contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to to be erected authorife or impower the faid mayor and commonalty, and ci- ^^s!*111 tizens, to compel or oblige the owner or proprietor, owners or p proprietors, of any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or

planted avenue to any houfe, which hath been refpe&ively. ufed as fuch fix calendar months before the paflingof this a<9, or the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors, of any mefluage or tenement, ereCted or built, or begun to be erc<ftcd or built, fix calendar months before the paflingof this a <51, to pull down, lett, fell, or convey, fuch mefluage, tenement, garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or avenue, or any part thereof, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any other perfon or perfons; nor (hall any thing in this aCt contained impower the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to ereCf any toll-gate or toll-houfe upon any garden, orchard, park, paddock, or planted avenue to any houfe, or upon any part of the lands or grounds lying between the garden of his grace the duke of Montague, fituate at Richmond, and the road leading from the hamlet of Ham to Twickenham- ferry; or upon a piece of ground granted by the crown to lord Cholmondely, and now in pofleflion of the right honourable Georgiana countefs dowager Cowper; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded, That it (hall Certain places not be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, or J,” rfesfoall any other perfon or perfons, to make ufe of horfes for towing of not be uied boats, barges, or other veflels, on the Surry fide of the faid river, for towing between his Majefty’s barge-houfe, at Kew* and the feite of his vc^eh§ Majefty’s ancient palace of Richmond, in the county of Surry;

nor upon the Middlefex fide of the faid river from the town of IJleworth, to the upper end of the land now in the occupation of the earl of Buckinghamfhirey in the parifh of Twickenham\ without leave of the refpetfive proprietors of the land on the faid Middlefex Me of the river; any thing in this a<5>, or in an a<51 of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, contained to the contrary notwithftandng.

XXV.	And whereas the King's mojl excellent majejly hath been gracioufly pleafed> for the conveniency of the inhabitants of Richmond and Kew, and the towns and villages adjacent, to caufe a commodious publick footwalk to be made along the fide of the river from the late barfe-ferry at Kew, to the feite of his Majefty's ancient palace of Richmond: and whereas there is alfo a commodious publick foot-walk

next



Digitized by

Anno decimo fcptimo Georgn III. c. 18. [1777.

next the faid river, extending the whole length of the /cite of the fame palace,	part thereof which, if made ufe of as a towing path by

borfes, would greatly injure the faid foot-walks % and render the fame dangerous to pnjfengers walking thereon \ and as it may be of mare pub-lick utility to have barges touted by horfes rather than by men\ it is therefore alfo provided and cnadted by the authority aforefaid, Horfes may That if the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, do make, or t^ne boats cau^c ta be ma^e, on the fhore of the Surry fide of the faid river, etc froro Kew a proper towing-path for horfes, from his Majefty’s faid barge-t#gichmond, houfe at Kew, to a place called Water-lane, in Richmond aforefaid, iOnev^tow- (which towing-path (hall not be raifed higher the whole extent bemfete	*he	faid foot-walks than is abfolutely neceflary for horfes to

m * tow thereon with fafety in times of fpring tides and land floods) and (hall alfo effectually feparate the faid towing-path by pods and rails, or in any other manner, fo as to prevent horfes from '	going	upon	the	faid	publick	foot-walks; that then, and in fuch

cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid mayor aldermen, ?nd commons, or any other perfon or perfons navigating boats, barges, and other veflels, between the faid barge-houfc at Kew and Water-lane in Richmond, to make ufe of horfes on fuch new towing-path, for the purpofe of towing fuch boats, barges, or other veflels,, between the faid barge-houfe at Kew and Water-lane in Richmond; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wire notwithftanding.

Mayor, a'der- XXVI. And it is hereby further enadled. That it fhall and men, etc. may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and comma/appoint m0ns, in common council aflembled, at any time or times, to c©r^e&ors of nonluiate an^ appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be receive! or tolis;	receivers,	collector or collectors, of the faid tolls and duties

granted or made payable by this adt, as they fhall think fit, and from time to time to remove and difplace fuch receiver and receivers, collector and collectors, and to appoint others, as they (hall think proper; and all perfons by this act liable to pay the foid tolls and duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame to fuch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as mho (hall pay aforefaid ; and all fuch receivers and collectors fhall refpectively the iaroe into pay the fame into the office of the chamberlain of the faid city, lain’0*'officean^ lhall a*fo» upon oath, if thereunto required by the faid court and account mayor and aldermen (which oath the fame court are'hereby to the court of impowered to adminifter) from time tp time give in a true, ex-aldermen. act, and perfedk account, in writing, under their refpedtive hands, of all monies which they, and every or 3ny of them, fhall to fuch time have received, paid, and ddburfed, by virtue of this adf, or by reafon or in confcquence of their refpedhve On refuel to 0ffices? for which oath no fee or reward (hall be taken: and in account, etc. CJJre any fuc]1 receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the faid tolis and duties, or any of them, fhall not make and render, or fhall refufe to verify upon oath any fuch account, or to make Juftices torn- payment as aforefaid, then, or in any of fuch cafes, it fhall be default1110 ltoC’^aw^ r9 or f°r the mayor of the faid city, or one or more ju-ftice or juftices of the peace for the faid city of London% or for the

faid

*43

J777*] Anno dcclmo feptimo Georgii III. C. 18.

(aid county of Middlefexy or for the faid county of Surryy or any other county, city, or place, as the cafe (hall happen, and fuch mayor, juftice or juftices, upon complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorifed and required to make inquiry concerning fuch default, as well by confeffion of the party, as by the teftimony of any credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath,

(which oath Rich mayor, juftice or juftices, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter without fee or reward ;) and if any fuch receiver or colle&or (hall be convidled of any of the,offences aforefaid, fuch mayor, juftice or juftices, fhall commit every fuch offender to his Majefty’s gaol of Newgate, or to and commit the common gaol of any county, city, or place, where fuch of- the offenders fender (hall be apprehended, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they lhallgive or make a true andperfedfc on^made.* account and payment as aforefaid, or until he or they (hall have compounded for the fame with the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council affembled, and paid fuch compofition in fuch manner as they (hall appoint; which compofition the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, are hereby impowered to make and receive, from time to time, if they (hall fo think fit, in fuff fa-tisfadlion for all money that (hall be then due from fuch perfon or perlons on the faid account.

XXVII.	Provided always. That no toll orduty, tolls orduties, Exemptions, (hall be paid or payable to, or demanded by, the mayor,aldermen,

and commons, of the city of London, or their collector or col-le£or&, by virtue of this act, for any boat or veffel under the burthen of three tons, or for any pleafure-boat; any thing in this alt contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwith-ftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority afore- All monies faid. That all the monies made payable by, or to be recovered raffed by vir-or received under or by virtue of this a<ft, (except the (hare and vetted in (hares of any informer or informers, complainant or complain- the’mayor and ants, of and in any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, commonalty, infli&ed or made payable by this a<S) (hall be, and the fame are and citizens, hereby vefted in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

of the faid city, and (hall be applied to and for the purpofes of this a<ft, and the purpofes of the faid aeft made and paffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or fume or one of them; and an account of the faid tolls and duties granted by this a<ft, be annually laid before parliament.

XXIX.	And forafmuch as the money to be collected by the receipt Common of the tolls or duties to be made payable by virtue or in purfuance

this at7, will not be fufficient for the purpoft of this at!, and of the	9

faid at1 made and poffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre- 15,0001. fent Majefty, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to* and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council affembled, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, to borrow and take up at intereft, any fum or fums of money qot exceeding Vol. XXXI,	B	b	fifteen



Digitized by t^ooQle

244

and to affign the tolls as a (ccuriiy.

Twenty dsy« notice to be given of borrowing money.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c.18. [1777.

fifteen tboufand pounds, upon the credit of the tolls and duties to be made payable in pursuance of this ad; and by any writing or writings, under the common feal of the city of London, to aflign the toll-houfes and toll-gates, to beereded as aforefaid, and the tolls and duties to be made payable by virtue or in pur-fuance of this ad, or any of them, or any part or farts thereof, to any fuch perfon or perfons as (hall advance or lend fuch money thereon, as a fecurity or fecurities for the fum or fumsof money fo borrowed, with intereft, not exceeding legal intereft, for the fame ; which intereft (hall be payable and paid half yearly, by the chamberlain of the laid city for the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid tolls and duties, or any other money which (hall be recovered or received under or by virtue of this ad, and paid into the office of the faid chamberlain.

XXX. Provided always, That no money (hall be borrowed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, on the credit of any of the faid tolls or duties, or pre-mifes, as aforefaid, unlefs notice be for that purpofe given in the London Gazette, and alfo fixed in writing, under the hand of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, or by any committee to be by them appointed, (hall dire#, at or upon all the toll-houfes and toll-gates then ereded or made, by virtue of this ad, at leaft twenty days before the borrowing of fuch money.

___________ XXXI. And whereas many perfons may choofe to advance mentj

be granted a c-for the pur chafefif annuities, to be fecured upon, and payable out oftkt cording to the faid toils and duties; be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the office of the chamberlain of the city of tendon, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities, for the nat, J life or lives of fuch perfon or perfons, being of the age o >rty-five years or upwards, as (hall be nominated by or on behalf of fuch purchaler or purchafers refpedively, at the refpedive times of payment of their refpedive purchafe-monies; which £hnuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum \ or for the abfolute purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities, for the natural life or lives of fuch perfon or perfons, being of the age of fixty years or upwards, as (hall be fo nominated; which laft annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of tea tol. per cent, pounds per centum per annum; all which annuities fo to be pur-chafed, (hall be payable and paid by the chamberlain of the faid city for. the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid tolls or duties, granted and made payable by this ad, by four equal quarterly payments in the year, the firft payment to be made to the refpedive purchafers, or their affigns, at the expiration of the firft quarter after payment of their refpedive purchafe-monies: and that the rates of fuch annuities'refpedively (hall be fettled and adjufted by publick fale of fuch annuities,

o	by

Annuities to

age of the annuitants

Si. percent.

Digitized by v^ooQie

*45

by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, or by any committee by them to be appointed, to the beft bidders for the fame.

XXXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, Whmantim* That when and as often as any of the perfons, for whofc life or tantsdie.

Jives any annuity or annuities (hall or may be purchafed by vir- council may tuc of or under this aft, (hall happen to die, it /hall and may be grant other lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, ofanuuuks. the city of London, in common council aflembled, or any committee by them to be appointed, to fell and grant one or more

annuity or annuities for the life or lives of any other nominee or nominees, upon the terms aforefaid, fo that the whole amount of monies paid for the purchafe of fuch annuities then aftually exifting do not exceed the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. Provided always, That the whole money to be borrowed under, or by virtue of this aft, either by annuities or loan, (hall not exceed the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the clerk cl.erfc ofcom-for the time being of fuch commitfbe or committees, as fhall be ^alTrJcurj1" appointed as herein-after is mentioned, fhall enter in a book or tjC8fQI moniet books, to be for that purpofe provided and kept by the clerk of borrowed or the faid committee or committees, all fecurities for monies bor- annuities rowed, or annuities granted, by virtue or in purfuance of this SranUti*

a<51, and all aflignments and transfers thereof; expreffing in words at length the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other defqriptions, of all fuch perfons as fhall, from time to time, be intitled to fuch fecurities, and the fums received upon fuch fecurities; and alfo the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other deferiptions, of the perfons for whofe lives the faid annuities fhall be refpeftively granted, and the days whereon the faid annuities refpeftively (hall be payable; to which book and books, *' e perfon and perfons intitled to, or interefted in fuch annuitii . (hall at all feafonable times in the day-time have accefs, with free liberty to infpeft the fame, without fee or reward.	*

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Annuities faid. That all and every of the annuities, fo to be purchafed cnargrd ou under or by virtue of this aft, (hall be, and are hereby charged tbc lol^» upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of

the tolls and duties granted or made payable by virtue or in purfuance of this aft ; and all and every the purchafer and purcha-fers of fuch annuities, duly paying the conlidcration or purchafe-moncy for the fame as aforefaid, or fuch perfon or perfons as he,

(he, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their refpeftive affignee or afligns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this aft, to have,receive,and enjoy,the faid refpeftive annuity or annuities, during the term of the natural life or lives of the perfon or perfons to be nominated by each fuch purchafer and purchafers refpeftively, as before mentioned; and thvt all and every fuch purchafer and purchafers, and* their afligns refpec^

B b 2	lively.

Digitized by

Google

2^6'

and not liable to any tax.

Securities may be transferred.

Common

council im-powered to appoint committees.

No member of the committee to hold any place of profit, etc.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the

Quarter fef-ons.

Anno decimo feptimo GfcoRGy III. c. 18. [1777.

tively, fhall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeafible eftajesand intereftsin the annuities fo by them refpe6\ivelypurchafed,accord-ing to the tenor and true meaning of this adl; and that none of the faid annuities fhall be fubjed or liable to any tax affeffed upon land, by authority of parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial tax whatsoever.

XXiCV. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, intitled to any of the fecurities aforefaid, and his, her, and their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands refpctfively, to aflign or transfer fuch fecurities, by indorfernent thereon, or otherwife, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, and fo toties quoties; and fuch aflignments or transfers, after they fhall refpe&ively be entered by the clerk of the faid committee or committees, in manner aforefaid, for every which entry the faid clerk fhall be paid the fum of two (hillings and fixpence, and no more, fhall intitle the-perfon or perfons to whom they fhall be refpedtively made, and his, her, and their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to the benefit of the Security or Securities fo affigned or transferred.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more committee or committees, to manage and tranfadt all or any of the matters or purpofes which they the faid* mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby authorifed or required to do, execute, or perform; which committee or committees; fo to be appointed, fhall have fuch powers and authorities as fhall from time to time be given or delegated to them refpedtively, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, who are hereby accordingly authorized and impowered to delegate all or any of fuch powers and authorities.

XXXVII.	Provided neverthclefs, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be eligible or capable of ading as a member of fuch committee, during fuch time as he fhall have or execute any office or place of profit by or under the authority of this aft, or during fuch time as he fhall have any (hare or intereft in any contract or agreement for effecting any of the purpofes of this aft.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perlons fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by any orders or proceedings of any juftice or juftices of the peace, which fhall be made or had under this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feffions of the peace, to be holden for the faid city of London, or the faid county of Middlefex, or the faid county of Surry, as the cafe may be; and the juftices, at fuch faid general quarter feffions, afe hereby required to hear and finally determine every fuch appeal and appeals, and fhall

award

Digitized by

Google

247

award to the party or parties for whom fuch appeal (hall be determined, fuch cofts as to them in their difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and (hall raife and levy, by their order or warrants, fuch cofts as (hall be awarded, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any perfon or perfqns who (hall be ordered to pay the fame.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That no order which (hall be made by any juftice or ju- Proceedings dices, by virtue of or under this aft, or any other proceedings not to be to be had touching the conviftion or conviftions of any offender quafhed for or offenders againft this aft, (hall be quafhed or vacated for oi totva» want of form only, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Maje-fty’s courts of record at Wejtminjler.

XL. Provided alfo, ^nd be it further enafted, That no con-traft, agreement, alignment, entry, copy, or proceeding, by Writings may this aft direfted or authorized to be executed, made or given, J* w,th<nit (hall be charged or chargeable, or fubjeft or liable to any duty ^ whatfoever.

XLI. And be it further enafted. That all cofts, charges, and expences of paffing this aft, and all other charges incident to the £xpences of obtaining thereof, (hall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out oftbisaftbow the firft monies to arife by virtue of this aft.	to ** V***'

XLI I. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any aftion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced, againft any Limitation of perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, or in relation to the premifes, or any of them, every fuch aftion or fuit (hall be laid or brought within fix calendar months next after the faft done, and fhall be laid or brought in the city of London, or the county where the matter (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matters iri evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame Generaliflue, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fodone, or if any fuch aftion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other city, county, or place, than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their aftion or actions, or if,a verdiftfhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or de- Treble cofts. fendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

XLI1I. And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be Publickaft. judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever without fpecially pleading the fame.

B b 3

CAP.

*43 Anno decimo feptiow Georgii 1IL c. 19—21. [1777*

CAP. XIX.

An ad the more eafy ar.d fpeedy recovery of ftoall debts within tb« panQi of Old Swintord, in the counties of Worcetter and Stafford.

CAP. XX.

An ad for continuing two ads, made in the fixtb year of the reign of King Georg? the firft, and in the twentieth year of the reign of hts iatc Majelty, fur laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one-fixth part of a penny Iterlmg, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or foM within the town ot Burntifland, and liberties thereof, for increaiiog ths pablick revenue of the faid town, and for other purpoies therein mentioned.

CAP. XXI.

An aJ1 for the better Jupport of kit Majejly*s hcufehold, and of the honour and dignity cf the crown cf Great Britain.

May it pleafe your mtjl excellent Majejly \

Preamble. TTTHEREAS by an a £1 ofparliament, made in the fir ft year V V of your Majejly 5 reign, {intituled, An ad for the fupport recited^0 3*	houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the

crown of Great Britain,) it was enabled, (among other things ,) That there Jhould be granted and continued to your Majejly, and ij/uing and payable out of the fund called the aggregate fund, during your Ma-jelly s life, the clear yearly rent or fum of feven hundred and twenty-three thoujand pounds, during the continuance of the fcveral annuities therein mentioned and immediately from and after the determination of one or more of the faid annuities, fuck clear yearly fum, over and above, and in addition to, the faid yearly rent or fum of feven hundred and tiventy-tbree thoufand pounds, as the annuity or annuities fo deter-tnined Jlxill have amounted to; and in cafe of the determination of ail the faid annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly rent or furrt of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be ijfued and p+id out of the J'aid fund, for the jupport of his Majejly s boujbold, - and of the honour and dignity of the crown, from the twenty-fifth day cf October, one thoufand feven hundred andfixty, in manner therein particularly mentioned, as by the faid ail, relation being thereunto had,

_ pay more fully appear: and whereas the revenue to which your Mo* jejiy is ini it led by virtue of the faid ail, hath been found inadequate to, and infuffeient for, the purpofes for which it was granted-, and it is therefore jujf and expedient that a more competent provifion Jhould bt yiadejor the better Jupport of your Majejly s boujbold, and of the h-Hour and dignity of the crown \ we your Majejly*s mejl dutiful end loyal fubjefIs, the commons cf Great Britain, in parliament ajfemkled, with hearts full of the warmejl duty and gratitude for the inejlim&bk blcJjTngs which yourfubjt Us do enjoy under your Majejly s mojl aufpuim government, do pray your Majejly that it may be enailed; and be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice 3nd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, 3nd by the autho-. From January rity or the fame, That there be granted to his Majefty, during 5>l777»his life, (which God long preferve) over anfl befides the yearly ‘ .	...	jertt

1777*] Anno dechno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 21.	249

rent or rents, or fum or fums of money in and by the aforefaid additional aft granted to his Majefty, the further revenue or yearly rent of annum°Kram-one hundred thoufand pounds, to commence from and after the t0 ^ Ma-fifth day of Jauuary, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- jefty during feven ; and that the laid yearly rent or fum (hall be, and is hereby his life j charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable from time to time payable out of out of the hereditary and temporary revenues, and any other the aggregate the duties and revenues which do or (hall compofe the laid fund, *un ' commonly called the aggregatefundy or any of them, (after paying, or referving fuffkient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed, by any former ad or ,adls of parliament, to be paid out of the fame;) but with preference to all other paymepts which (hall or may be hereafter charged upon, or payable out of the faid fund.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That on the The firft pay. fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, ment to hi* there be iffued and paid to his Majefty, out of the duties and	t0	^

revenues compofing the faid fund, the fum of fifty thoufand 1J7?.J s> pounds, being fo much of the yearly rent or fum hereby granted as will then have accrued and become due and payable from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- after which feven; and that from and after the faid fifth day of July, one to be paid thoufand feven hundred and feveoty-feven, the faid additional quarterly, etc. yearly rent or fumt>f one hundred thoufand pounds (hall grow due and be payable to his Majefty at the fame time, and in the • fame manner, and together with the yearly rent or fum granted by the aforefaid a&ofthe firft year of Jiis Majefty’s reign, quar? terly, at the four moft ufual days of payment in rhe year; that is to fay, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of Oftober, and the fifth day of January, by even and equal portions, out of the monies of the faid aggregate fund, the firft quarterly payment thereof to be made on the tenth day of Obfobery one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven : and the commillioners of his Majefty’s* treafury, or any three or more of them, and the high treafurer, chancellor and under-treafurer of the exchequer, for the time being, and all other the officers and minifters of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, (hall and may, and they are hereby refpetftively authored and required to do all fuch afts, matters, and things, in	I

order to render this aeft, and the feveral payments hereby direft-ed, effe&ual, as are in and by the faid recited a<5t authorifed, required, or directed to be done and performed by them, or any or cither of them, concerning the feveral payments thereby drifted, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral provifoes, claufes, matters and things, concerning the	j

paying, ifluing, or applying fuch yearly rents or fums as are '	'>

therein mentioned, were-ln this behalf partictilarly repeated and "	'. '*

re-cnafted.	1	‘	,

B b 4	CAP.

*

250 Anno decimo feptimo GeorgII III. C. 22—2	[1777.

cap. xxn.

An aft for opening communications between Wapping-flreet and Ratcliff-highway, and between Old Gravel lane and Virgmia-ftreet; and for paving certain itreets intended to be built, and alfo certain other llreets and publick paffages and places within the parishes of Saint George and '	Saint	John of Wapping in the county of/Middlefex.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the (tones end next Blackman ftreet, in the pan(h of Saint Mary, Newington, in the countv of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the fame parifh, and the feveral roads, ways, and places, therein deferibed, communicating therewith.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for expediting the falej>f eftates in Scotland belonging to the York* buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for widening, cleaning, and lighting, the feveral ftreets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other publick paffages, within the town of Wolver, bampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other nuilances, and incroachments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the faid town.

C A P. XXVI. .

filJL	-W	An ail for regijiering the grants of life annuities; andfor tie better

protection of infants againjl fuch grants.

7 'fi&rar] Preamble.

w

H E R E A S the pernicious practice of raiftng money by the fate of life annuities bath of late years greatly increafed, and )ted by the fecrecy with which fuch transactions are con-

is much promoiCi

duCled \ be it therefore enafted by the KingV mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cgnfent of the lords fpirituaJ and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a memorial of every deed, bond, inftrument, or other affurance, whereby any annuity or rent-charge (hall, from and after the palling of this wzntmziik a<^’ 8rantec* f°r one or more life or lives, or for any term of annuities, years or greater qftate determinable on one or more life or lives, (hall, within (hall, within twenty days of the execution of fuch deed, bond, thc inftrument> or other affurance, be inrolled in the high court of chancery; and that every fuch memorial (hall contain the day of the month, and the year when the deed, bond, inftrument, or other affurance, bears date, and the name of all the parties, and for whom any of them are truftees, and of all the witnef-fes; and (hall fet forth the annual fum or fums to be paid, and the name of the perfon or perfons for whofe life or lives the ; parties, annuity is granted,, and the confideration or confiderations of wes, &c. granting the fameotherwife every fuch deed, bond, inftrument, rv^uc^dee^ or ot^er affurance, (hall be null and void to all Intents and bond,etc (hall purpofes.

be void.	II.	And be it further enabled, That before any judgement

•	•	•	•	•	•	.	■	'	‘	.	.	(hall

A memorial of all deeds,

execution thereof, be inrolled in the court of chancery; which (hall contain the date, names of the witnel

Digitized by CjOOQle

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 2 6.	251

(hall be intered of record upon any warrant of attorney for re- Before judgecovering or fecuring the payment of any annuity or rent-charge that hath already been granted for one or more life or Jives, orcord uponany for any term of years or greater eftate determinable upon one warrant of or more life or lives, and before any execution (hall be fued out, attorney for oration brought on any fuch judgement already entered, or on rccovcr,n£ any deed, bond, inftrument, or other affurance already executed aiready"grant-' for the purpofes aforefaid, a like memorial of the deed, bond, in-ed, and before ftrument, or other aflurance, (hall be inrolled in the high court of execution chancery; and in cafe the party (hall -neglect to inrol the fame,fta11 bc any fuch judgement, execution, or proceeding in the a&ion re-any judge0* fpe&ively, (hall be null and void.	menr already

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thai entered, etc. in every deed, inftrument, or other affurance, whereby any an- ^ mem’ortal nuity or rent-charge (hall, from and after the pafling of this adl, jed as af"rc/ be granted, or attempted to be granted, the confideration really raid, and bona fide% (which (hall be in money only) and alfo the name All future or names of the perfon or perfons by whom, and on whofe be deeds for half, the faid confideration, or any part thereof, (hall be advanc- fnnuVhcs^ali ed, (hall be fully and truly fet forth and deferibed in words at contain the length; and in cafe the fame (hall not be fully and truly fet forth confideration, and deferibed, every fuch deed, inftrument, or other affurance, andthename* lhall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.	?n

JV. And be it further enadled. That if any part of the confi-iength. deration (hall be returned to the perfon advancing the fame; or. If any part of in cafe the confideration, or any part of it, is paid in notes, if thecMfidera-any of the notes, with the privity and confent of the perfon ad-^”r^cad ^ vancirtgthe fame, (hall not be paid when due, or (hall be can-any notes'(hall ceiled or deftroyed without being firft paid; or if the confideration, not be paid or any part of it, is paid in goods ; or if any part of the confide- whcn due, etc. ration is retained on pretence of anfwering the future payments of the annuity, or any other pretence; in all and every of the aforefaid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon, by whom the annuity or rent-charge is made payable, to apply to the court, in which any adlion is brought for payment of the annuity on judgement entered, by motion, to ftay proceedings on the judgement or a&ion; and if it (hall appear to the court court mar that fuch practices as aforefaid, or any of them, have been ufed,^^^^™ it (hall and may be lawful for the court to order the deed, bond, jcd> gtc< inftrument, or other affurance, to be cancelled, and the judgement, if any has been entered, to be vacated.	'

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That a particular roll (hall be Direftion* reprovided and kept by the clerks of the inrollments in chancery, !atinSto the or their deputy, on which fuch memorials (hall be entered, and memorials^0 that every fuch memorial (hall be duly inrolled in order of time, as the fame (hall be brought to the office; and the faid clerks of the inrollments, or their deputy, (hall fpecify upon the roll the certain day, hour, and.time, on which fuch memorial is brought to the office, and (halJ grant a certificate of the inroll-ment thereof when required ; and that there (hall be paid for the The mrollment of every fuch memorial the fum of one (hilling, and fees.

Ut *	,*	v	no

Digitized by

£$2

All contract for the pur-chafe ot annuities with any perfon tinder 21 years of age, to be vo d.

Any perfon wh^fhall procure or fulitit any minor to grant an annuity, etc.

(ball be pn-mfhed by fine or imprifon-mtnvetc.' *

Solicitors, fieri vener5,ftc. who (hall take more than.

10 s. per 100I. for proruiing money for annuities.

(hall be pu-niihcd by fine and irfpiilon-mtnt, etc.

Anno decimo feptimo GeorGH III. c. 26.	[1777.

no more, in cafe the fame do not exceed two hundred words; but if fueh memorial (hall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of (ixpence for every one hundred words, and the like fees for every certificate and copy given; and the fee of one (hilling for every feareh in the office, and no more.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, That all contra&sfor the purchafe of any annuity with any perfon being under the age of twenty-one years, (hall be and remain utterly void, any attempt to confirm the fame, after fuch perfop (hall have attained the age of twenty-one years, notvrithftanding: and that if any perfon (hall, either in perfon, by letter* agent, or otherwife howfoever, procure, engage, folicit, or ask any perfon, being under the age of twenty-one years, to grant or attempt to grant any annuity or rent-charge, or to execute any bond, deed, or other mftrument, for fearing the fame; or (hall advance or procure, or treat for any money to be advanced to any perfon under the age of twenty-one years, upon confideration of any annuity or rent-charge to be fecured or. granted by fuch infant, after he or (he (hall have attained his or her age of twenty one years; or (hall induce, folicit, or procure any infant, upon any treaty or tranfaftion for money advanced, or to be advanced, to make oath, or to give his or her word of honour or folemn promile, that he or (he will not plead infancy, or make any other defence againft the demand of any fuch annuity or rent-charge, or the repayment of the money advanced to him or her when underage; or that when he or (he comes of age, he or (he will confirm or ratify,-or in any way fubftantiate fuch annuity or rent-charge; every fuch perfon (hall be guilty of a mifdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any court of affize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, (hall and may be punifhed for the faid offence by fine, imprisonment, or other corporal punifhment, as the court (hall think fit to award.

VII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That al! and every folicitors anjl folicitor, feriveners and ferrvener, brokers and broker, and other pfcrfons or perfon, who, from and after the pafiing of this a£T, (hall ask, demand, accept, or receive, dirediy or indireftly, any fum or fiims of money, or any other kind of gratuity or reward, for the foliciting or procuring the loan, and for the brokerage of any money that (hall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and for the price or confideration of any Inch annuity or rent-charge, over and above the fum of ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds fo a&ually and bona fide advanced and paid, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor ; and being lawfully convifled of fuch offence in any court of affize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, (hall and may, for every fuch offence, be punifhed by fine and imprifonmenr, or one of them, at the diferetion of the court; and that the perfon or perfons who (hall have paid or given any fum or fums of money, gratuity or reward, (hall be deemed a competent witnefs or witneffes to prove the fame.

*	VIII.	And

Digitized by Google

1777*3 Anno decimo feptimo Grorgii III. c. 27.	253

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft Certain cafes contained (hall extend to any annuity or rent-charge given by	th,s

will or by marriage lettlement, or for the advancement of a extend. n0t child; nor to any annuity or rent-charge fecured upon lands of equal qt greater annual value, whereof the grantor was feized in fee-fimple or in fee-tail in pofleflion at the time of the grant, or fecured by tbeaftual transfer of flock in any of the pubiick funds, the dividends whereof are of equal or greater annual value than the faid annuity; qqrtoany voluntary annuity granted without regard to pecuniary cpnfideration; nor to any annuity or rent-charge granted by any body corporate,- or under any authority or^ruft created by aft of parliament; nor to any annuity where the mm to be paid does not exceed ten pounds annually, unlefs there be more than one fuch laft-mentioned annuity from the fame grail-tor or grantors, to or in trufl for the fame perfon or perfons.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for diming a drawback of the duties of cuftoms on the ex-portation of tea to Ireland.

WHEREAS the drawback allowed by an aft of parliament, Preamble.

made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly,

(intituled. An aft for granting a drawback of part of the cuftoms Aft 11 Geo. 3. upon the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the Britijh dominions recited. in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign fugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of Britijh-made cordage; for allowing the importation of rice from the Britijh plantations into the ports of Briftol, Liverpoole% Laneafter, and Tfrhitehaven% for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impoyver the chief magiftrate of any corporation to adminifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been fent into the country for fale;) upon the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, will ceafe on	'

ihe fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-Jeven: and whereas it may tend to promote and encourage the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, if the whole of the duties of cu-fioms, payable upon the importation of teas, were to be allowed to be drawn back upon all teas fold at the pubiick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, which Jhall be exported to Ireland after the Jaid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and froenty feven \ may it therefore pleafe your Majejly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fatne. That there (hall be drawn A drawback back and allowed for all teas fold at the pubiick fales of the t0 hf a|!°wed united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl dut^fofhcur-Indies, or which fhall be imported, by licence, in purfuance of toms on tea, an aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty on the exporting George the fecond, (intituled, An aftfor repealing thb prefent fat,on thereof

u 7. *77* JTX £ - 67,0 I	'	3	slo

/

Digitized by

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 28. C*777-inland duty of four Jbillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain ; and for granting to his Majejly certain other inland duties in lieu thereof j and for better fecuring the duty upon tea9 and other duties of exetfe; and jor purfuing offenders out of one county into another) which (hall at any time* from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven,be exported From this kingdom as merchandize to Ireland, the whole of the duties of cuftoms payable upon the importation of fuch teas; which drawback or allowance (hall be made to the exporter, in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, and fecurities, and fubjedt to the Jilfe penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in and by the faid recited a6t of the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and in and by an a<5t, made in the four-teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An a61 for granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, to expofe to fale the finglo and hohea teas remaining in their warchoufes unfold, on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred andfiventy-four\ andfor allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of fuch teas;) and in and by an a&, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An a 61 for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muflins and calicoes, imported by the Eaft India company in the years one thoufandfeven hundred andfeven-ty-three, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fouryfor allowing further time to the faid company to expofe to fale fuch bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remain unfold on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fx; and alfo fuch bohea teas os Jhall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of fuch teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the Jhip Shrewfbury, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and frventy-tkree \) or by any other aGt of parliament now in force, fo far as the fame refpedtively concern the exportation of tea to Ireland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes relating theretp were again repeated and re-enadled in this prefent a6t.

CAP. XXVI(L

An all to revive and continue fuch part of an afty made in the loft feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty's fugar colonies in America, and to the ifland of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia9 Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons with refpedt to advifing or carrying into execution his Majefty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; as expired on thefirJldayof]za\xivjy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven.

WHEREAS

Digitized by v^.ooQle

!777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 29.	255

WHEREAS by an a&-> ma^e tn	feffion of parliament, Preamble;

intituled, An ad for allowing the exportation of certain ^tiog an quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majcfty’s fugar faCft fe(fl0„ 0f colonies in America, and to the iiland of Saint Helena, and to parliament, the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Cbaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons with refped to advifing or carrying into execution his Majefty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; liberty was given to export, at any time or times before thefirjl day of January, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, certain quantities of wheats and other articles, from certain ports in this kingdom, to his Majefiy's fugar colonies in America,/cr the fufenance and ufe of the inhabitants of the faid colonies; and alfo to export, from certain ports in this kingdom, certain quantities of bifeuit and peafe to the ifland of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador, for the benefit of the Britifh fijhery carried on in thofe parts: and whereas it is expedient that the like liberty Jbould be granted and continued for a further time: may it therefore pleafeyour Majejly that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,' That fuch part of Such part of the Lid recited ad as expired on the faid firft day of January, the above-one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, (hall, from and ada« after the palling of this ad, be revived, and the fame is hereby here^yreviv-revived, and (hall continue in full force and virtue until the ed, and con-twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and tinued until (cventy-eight.	March	*5,

CAP. XXIX.	*778'

An a SI for the more effeblual prevention of the manufabluring of ajb, elder, floe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of excife in refpebi to tea.

WH E R E A S by an abl of parliament, made in the fourth year

of the reign of his late maje/ly King George the jecond, {in- Preamble. tituled, An ad to prevent frauds in the revenue of excife with & Q |# refped to (larch, coffee, tea, and chocolate) it is enabled, That, rccjttd. from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and thirty-one, if any perfon or perfons who Jhould be a dealer in or feller of tea% Jbould dye, fabricate, or manufablure any floe lehves, liquorijb leaves, or the leaves of tea that had been ufed, or the leaves of any other tree, Jhrub, or plant, in imitation. of tea, or Jhould mix, colour, Jlain, or dye, fuch leaves or tea, with terra japo-nica, fugar, molajjes, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatfoever \ or Jhould fell and vend, utter, or offer or expofe to fale, or Jbould have in his, her, or their cujlody, any fuch dyed, fabricated, or manufablured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any fuch coloured, jlained, or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the materials beforementioned, or with any other ingredients whatfoever, fuch

o	perfon

Digitized by L^ooQle

256	Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1777.

perfon or perform Jbould refpeCtively, for every pound of fitch leaves fo dyed, fabricated^ ormanufallured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of juch mixed, coloured, Jlained, er leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds: and whereas great quantities of floe leaves, and leaves of ajh,' elder, and other trees, Jhrubs, and plants, dyed, fabricated, and manufacture! in imitation of tea, divers perfons who fell the fame fo dyed, fabricated, and manufactured) to other perfons being dealers in tea, fmuggkn, and others, by whom the /aid manufactured leaves are mixed with tea, and fold and vended as true and real tea, but by reafen that the perfons fo dy ing, fabricate ing, and manufacturing the fold leaves, are not dealers in, or fellers of tea, they are not punifhable for thefaii offences by the laws noxv in being, whereby fuch evil practices are increafcd to a very great degree, to the injuty anddeJlruCtion of great quantities of timber, woods, and undenvoods, the prejudice of the health of his Majeflys fubjcCts, tht diminution of the revenue, the ruin of the fair trader, and to the encouragement of idllnefs; for remedy whereof, and for the more efftClual prevention of fuch frauds and abufes for, the future, be it enaefted; and it is hereby enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-Any perfon bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after who, after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-,777> kven> ^ any perfon or perfons whatsoever, whether he, (he, or manufacture	a dea*er or dealcrs in> or a feller or fellers of tea, gr not,

in imitation * (Viall dye, fabricate, or manufacture, any floe leaves, liquorifh of tea, any leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been ufed, or the leaves of °f£a any a(h, elder, or other tree, fhrub, or plant, in imitation of ufedorany*11 tca* or m,x> c°l°ur> ftain, or dye, any fuch leaves with floe,’liquorifh, terra japonica, copperas, fugar, molafles, clay, logwood, or with or elder any other ingredients or materials whatfoever, or (hall fell or leaves, etc. vend, utter, or offer or expofe to fale, or (hall have in his, her, offer to (>11* °r or !*leir cuftody or poffcflion, any fuch dyed, fabricated, or the fame, etc. manufactured leaves in imitation of tea, or any fuch coloured, ftained, or dyed leaves, or any leaves that (hoyld be dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and (hail be (hall, on con- thereof convicted upon the oaih of one or more credible witnefs viCVion, foifeit or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juflices of ^ound of fuch Peace ^or county, city, riding, divifion, diftrict, or place, leavesfodyed, wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed; fuch perfonor etc. x * perfons (hall refpectively, for every pound of fuch leaves fo dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in imitation of tea, or dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and for every pound of fuch mixed, ftained, or dyed leaves of tea, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof, fuch juftice orjuftice's fhall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor lefs than fix months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid, perfons hav-	And it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thar,

p	’	from

Digitized by LjOoq le

1777*1 Anno decimo fcptimO GeoRGII III. c.29.	257

from and aftei; the faid firft day of June, one thoufand (even wore than - hundred and feventy-feven, if any perfon or perfons (hall havc fnp°fJ^8 in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, any quantity (exceed- feaves* in their ing fix pounds weight) of fioe leaves, or the leaves of alb, elder, pdirdfion: of any other tree, ihrub, or plant, green or manufactured, and fhall not prove, to the fatisfaCtion of the juftice or juftices be-Except, etc. fore whom the matter (hall be heard, that fuch leaves were ga- * thered with the confent of the owners of the trees, ilirubs, or plants, from which the faid leaves were taken, and that fuch leaves were gathered for fome other ufe or ufes, and not for the j>urpofe of fabricating and manufacturing the fame in imitation of tea, and (hall be thereof convicted, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, diftriCt, or place, where fuch leaves (hall be fo found, fuch perfon or perfons (hall refpeCtively, for every pound of fuch green or manufactured leaves, fo found in his, her, or their cuftody or pofieffion, as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence (ball be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor lefs than fix months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid.

III. And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, If any officer That if any officer or officers of his MajeftyY revenue of excife,°f excife, etc. or other perfon or perfons, fhall have caufe to fufpeCfc that any ^fore fuch leaves dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or leaves dying, a juftice that fabricating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tea, or leaves in- he fufpeCts tended fo to be dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, (hall be hid, any *uch concealed, or lodged, in any place whatfoever; then and in fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, or other perfon cealed, fuch" or perfons, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace juftice may for the county, city, riding, divifion, diftriCt, or place, where the grant a Special fame (hall be fo fufpeCtcd to be hid, concealed, or lodged, fet-	^

ting forth the ground of fuch his, her, or their fufpicion, it (hall p?ace iiifearch and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices of the of the fame, peace refpeCtively, before whom fuch affidavit or affidavits (hall be made, if he or they (hall judge it reafonable, by fpecial warrant or warrants under his or their refpeClive hand and feal or hands and feals, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, by day or by night, but if in the night-time, then in the prefence of a conftable, of other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all .and every fuch place or places, where he or they (hall fo fufpeCt the faid dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or other the faid leaves (hall be fo hid* concealed, or lodged, and to feize and carry away as forfeited all fuch leaves fo dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or dying, fabricating, or manufaeluring, or intended to be fo dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, which he or they lhall fo find hid, concealed, or lodged, together with all and Angular the waggons,

carts,

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 29.	[1777.

All fuch leaves fo found,to be

Penalty on perfons ob-ftru£ting officers in

carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or tether veflels, or package, containing the lame: and it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices fo granting the faid warrantj or any other dcftroyed,etcJu^*ce or juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, * diftridt, or place, wherein fuch feizure Ihall be made, on proof of the premifes, by oath of one or more credible witnels or 9 witneflcs, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand or feal, hands or feals relpeCtively, to order the faid dyed, fabricated, or other leaves, fo fcized as aforefaid, to be conveyed to fome convenient place, and there to be burnt or othcrwife de-ftroyed, and to order the faid waggons, carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or other veflels or package, containing the fame as aforefaid, to be forthwith fold, and the money arihng by fuch fale, after deducing the charges of fuch feizure and la*e, and of the burning, or otherwise deftroying of the faid leaves, to go and be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the parilh where the offence (hall be committed : and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever Ihall let, obftruct, or hinder, fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons having fuch authority as fearch of fuch aforefaid, from entering fuch places where he or they (hall fuf-leayes, etc. pedt fuch leaves to be lo hid, concealed, or lodged, or in feizing, carrying away, burning, or otherwife deftroying the fame, or in feizing, carrying away, or felling, the faid. carts, waggons, boxes, bags, tubs, or other veflels or package, containing the fame as aforefaid, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds each, on conviction thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, diftridt, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed; and upon nonpayment of the fard forfeiture, fuch juftice or juftices fhall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor lels than fix months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch green and unmanufactured leaves, fo found hid, concealed, or lodged, as aforefaid, (hall be burnt or otherwife deftroyed, if the owner or owners thereof (hall, with-deitroyed, etc. in twenty-fpur hours after fuch feizure, prove, to the fatisfadtion of the juftice or juftices granting the faid warrant for feizing fuch leaves, or any other juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, diftridt, or place, where the fame (hall be fo feized, that the faid green or unmanufactured leaves were gathered with the confent of the owner or owners of the trees, fhrubs, or plants, from which the faid leaves were taken, and that the fame were fo gathered for fome other ufe or ufes, and not for the purpofe of dying, fabricating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tex, as aforefaid ; and if fuch proof (hall, within the time aforefaid, be made to the fatisfadtion of the faid juftice or juftices, then the faid green or unmanufactured leaves, together

' with

Certain cafes in which leaves found concealed, (ball not be

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1777*1 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c.	$59

with the carriages, veflels, and package, in which the fame (hall have been fo feized, (hall be forthwith reftored to the owner or owners thereof, by order of fuch juftice or juftices.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Occupieriof all fuch dyed, coloured, ftained, fabricated, and mariufadured, * hwwTany and other leaves aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be ruth leaves7 in the cuftody,and pofleflion qf the occupier or occupiers of the (hall be found, dwelling-houfes, out-houfes, gardens, and lands, wherein or ,f^g«d.thcrc whereon the fame (hall be fo found hid, concealed, or lodged, as SJnfeo/ftall aforefaid; and fuch occupier or occupiers of the faid dwelling-be liable to the houfes, out-houfes, gardens, and lands, (hall be liable to all the penalties of pains and penalties by this ad in Aided on the perfon or perfons ****• having fuch dyed, coloured, ftained, fabricated, or trianufadured,

and other leaves, in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, if it fhall be proved, to the fatisfadion of the juftice or juftices before whom the matter (hall be heard, that foch leaves wer6 lodged in'fuch dwelling-houfes, out-houfes, gardens, or lands, with the privity or content of the faid occupier or occupiers thereof.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That one moiety of all and every the forfeitures herein-before direded to be paid in purfuance of this ad, (hall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the pari(h where fuch offence (hall be committed.

VII.	And for the more eafy conviftion of perfons offending againft

this afty be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in all in- Inhabitants of formations and other proceedings for any of the offences afore- ^droiwedas faid, the evidence of the inhabitants of the parifh or place where evidence, the offence (hall be committed (hall be taken and allowed, any law, cuftoro, rule, order, or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding. v

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That his	***

Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the refpedive counties, cities, execution, ridings, divifions, diftrids, or places, wherein any of the offences committed againft this ad (hall be done, are hereby authorized to put this ad in execution, and to adminifter an oath

to any fuch credible witnefs or witnefles.	.	.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That	°*

the convidion or convidions of all and every offender and of- be ccrttfed°to fenders againft this ad, (hall be certified, by the juftice or juftices the nextqoar-of the peace before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next ter feflions. general quarter feflions of the peace, to be filed amongft the records of the faid feflions; and that fuch convidion (hall be fairly

written on parchment or paper, in the folfowing form of words,

(as the cafe fhall happen} or in any other form of words to the like effed; that is to fay,

1 TJ E it remembered, That on the to wit. J II	in the year^

day of Form of con-vidion.

A. B. was% upon the complaint of C. D. convifted before of the juftices of the peace for in purfuance of an, aft pajfed in the feventeenth year of the Vol, XXXI.	C	c	reign

Digitized by

Anno decimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 30. [1777.

rtigft if his majtjly Xing George the Third, for

(as the cafe (hall be.)

Given kniir hand and feal, theday and year ohm >	written.

^onViftionnot Which faid conviction (hall be good and effectual in law, to all for want of	*ntcnt® and purpofes, and (hall not be quafhed, fet afide, or ad-

form, etc.	judged void or infufficient, for want of any form or words what-

soever ; nor (hall the (ame be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty’s court of King's Bench, but (hall be deemed and taken to be final, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for farther refraining the negotiation of promijfory notes, and inland bills of exchange* under a limited fum, within that part of Orest Britain called England.

Preamble. \\ THEREAS by a certain aft of parliament, pajfed in the ff-Aa 15 Geo. 3. V V teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An recited. a£t to reftrain the negotiation of promiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain cMcd England,) all negotiable promijfory, or other notes, bills tf exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for any jum of money left than the fum of twenty fillings in the whole, and ijfued after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufani feven hundred and feventy-five, were made void, and the publijhing or uttering and negotiating of any fuch notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, for a lefsjum than twenty JhilRngs, or on which lefs than that fum Jhould be due, was, by the Jaii aft, rejlrained under certain penalties or forfeitures therein mentioned; and allfuth notes, hills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, as had ijfued before the faid twenty-fourth day June, were made payable upon demand, and were directed to be recovered in fuch manner as is therein alfo mentioned: and whereas the faid aft hath been attended with very falutary ejfefts, and in cafe the provifms therein contained were extended to a further fum [but yet without prejudice to the convenience arifing to the publick from the negotiation of promijfory notes and inland bills of exchange for the re-mittanu of money in difcbarge of any balance of account or other debt) the good purpofes of the faid aft would be further advanced; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and'confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ...	. .. and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

momSro°rya authority of the fame. That all promiffory or other notes, bills notes, &c; for of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in Writing, being ne-

105.	and left gotiable or transferable, for the payment of twenty (hillings, or than a. which afly fum Qf money above that fum and lefs than five pounds; tn^England af-or on	twenty	(hillings,	or	above	that fum and lefs than

terjan.1,177^ five pounds, (hall remain undifeharged, and which (hall be iffued

within

Digitized by L-ooQle

k7)?.] Apno dccimo fitptirnO Gkokou tit C. go-within that part of Grant Britain called England,at any time Ifefir Aall fpecifr the firft dav of	January, one thoufand fatten hundred and feventy- j

eight, (hall fpecify the narpts and placet of abode of the perfoas t0 wh0m pay-Mipe&ively to whom, or tp whofe order* the fane fhall be made able. ' payable; and (hall bear date before or at the. time of drawing or ifluiftg thereof, and not on any day fubfequent thereto; and (hall be made payable within tbe (pace of twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof; and (ball not be transferrable or negotiable after the time thereby limited for payment thereof; and that every indorfement to be made tbereon (hall be made before the expiration of that time, and to bear date at or not before the time of making thereof} end (hall fpecify the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons to whom, or to whofe order, the money contained in every, fuch note, bill, draught, or underr taking, is to be paid; and that the figning of every fuch note, Thetigningof bill, draught, or undertaking, and alfo of every fuch indorfe- CTn7 luch. ment, (hall be attefted by one fubferibing witnefs at tbe lead} Sorfcment'm and which (aid notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or under- be attefted’by takings in writing, may be made or drawn in words to the pur- one witnefa.

rrt or effect as let out in the fchedule hereunto annexed. No.

and II.: and that all promiflbry or other notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for tbe payment of twenty Shillings, or any fum of money above that fum and lefs than five pounds; or in which twenty (hillings, or above that fum and lefs than five pounds (hall remain undischarged, and which (hall be ifliied, within that part of Great Britain called England, at any time after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand Seven hundred and feventy-cight, iu any other manner than as aforefaid; and alfo every indorfement on any fuch note, bill, draught, or undertaking, to be negotiated under this a& other than as aforefaid, (hall, end the feme are hereby declared to be, abfolutely void} any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Penalty on the publifhing, uttering, or negotiating, within that part of Great puhhOung or Britain called England, of any promiuory or other , note, bill of any fuch notea, exchange; draught, or undertaking in writing, being negotiable etc. contrary or transferrable for twenty (hillings, or above that him and lefs to the method than five pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that	W

fum and lefs than five pounds, fball remain undischarged, and Uu* ’

HTued or made in any other manner than notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, hereby permitted to be publifhed or negotiated ■s aforefaid ; and alfo me negotiating of any of fuch lalt mentioned notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, after the time appointed for payment thereof, or before that time in any other manner than as aforefaid, by any ad, contrivance, or means whatfoever, from and after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand fovea hundred and feventy-eight, (hall .be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, prohibited or reftrained, under . tbe like penalties or forfeitures, and to be recovered and applied

Cca	in

* Digitized by

Google

q6t	Anno	decimo	fcptimo GeoROIi III. c.30. [1777.

in like manner as by the faid aft is direfted, with refpeft to the tittering or publifhing or negotiating of notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undmakings in writing, for any fum of money not Jefs than the fum of twenty (hillings, or on which left than that , a Aim (hould be due.

AH negotiable HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefitid, That, notw ct? be-fr°m and immediately after the paffing of this aft, all promiflory tween tos. and or other notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in fl which (handwriting, forthe payment of anygreater (um of money than twen-beiirued be- ty (hillings, and Iefs than the fum of five pounds, or on which 1778, fltahbe twenty Shillings, and Iefs than the fum of five pounds, (hall repayable on main undifcharged, and being negotiable or transferable, as demand. (hall be iftued before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, mall be, and the fame are hereby declared and adjudged payable, within that part of Great Britain called England, on demand, any terms, reftriftions, or '	conditions	therein	contained	to	the	contrary thereof notwith-

standing ; and (hall be recoverable in fuch manner, or by the like means, as is or are direfted in or by the faid aft with refped to notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing therein mentioned to have ifliied previous to the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-five; and that all and every other the powers, provifoes, limitations, reftriftions, penalties, daufes, matters and things whatfoever in the faid former aft contained with refpeft thereto, and alfo with refpeft to aU fuch notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, iflued after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be in force, within that part of Great Britain called England, as to all notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for twenty (hillings, or any greater fum and Iefs than the fum of five pounds, or oq which twenty (hillings, or above that fum and Iefs than fire pounds, (hall remain undifcharged, iflTued after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and (cventy-eight, and previous thereto refpeftively, and in like manner as if the fame refpeftively had been the objeft of the faid aft at the time of making thereof, fave fo far as the fame or any of them are altered or varied by this prefent aft.

Ctmrimunce IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the fo *** tr	c	^ormer> anc* a^° this prefent aft, (hall continue in force,

005	not	only for the refidue of the term of five years in the (aid for-

mer aft mentioned, and from thence to the end of the then next fefljon of parliament, but alfo for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of* the then next fcffion of juujia* mem.

SCHE,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

*777*3 Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 30.

SCHEDULE.*

No. I.

Place Day	Month	Year

— —

CT’Weniy-one	days after	date, I prto pay A» B. of-*— $r

X	Sum

bis trier, tit fum of-for value rectiVtd by

C. D„

Witntfs,

E.F.

And the indorfement, totits quoties.

Day	Month	Year

Pay the contents to Place’

G. H.	of ——

or bis order,

Witnefi,	A. B.

J.K.

No. II.

Place Day Month Year Place

CT*Wenty-one days after date, pay to A. B. of —— or bis	, tbt

X	Sum

fum of ■— value received, as advifed by

c. p.

Place

7flE.F.r/-------

Witnefi,

G. H.

And the indorfement, toties

Day Month Year

Pay tbe contents to Place

J.K. of--------

or his order.

A.$.

Witnefs» L.M.

Cc 3

CAP.

Digitized by

Anno dean*) feptfmo Geor6ii III. c. 31—33. [1777*

iH

CAP. XXXI.

An a ft to enaBte the tbmmftfionert for executing the 6i!ice 6f treafurer of hisMajefty's exchequer, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to make an agreement or compofttion with the feve>al furetiet of William Brown, and the reprefentatives of fuch of the faid furetiet at are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on federal tobacco boadft, entered into and executed by fuch furetiet refpeftively; and that they and their eftatetand effect may be acquitted and difeharged therefrom.

ftteamMej rCCftihg ft vert! bottdi entered Into by WilHam Brown, etc. payable to hit Majefty. Commiffionert of the treafury impowered to compound with William Francit, John Wlgglnton, etc. (niretiet for Will. Brbfen) in refpeft of the aforefaid bond*. After fuch compofition, etc. Hull be made by the commiffionert of the treafury, the faid furetiet and their eftatet fhall be freed from all future claimt relating to the faid bonds. This aft not to difeharge Will. Brown, bit hein, etc.

CA PXXXII.

An aft for btlUdipg a pt* church within the town and parifh of Buckingham.

4	CAP. XXXIII.

An aft to allow the mafler dyers j within the counties of Middlefex, Eflex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have not ferved apprenticeships thereto.

Preamble. W Hr\R E.AS made in the fifth year Aft 5 Eliz, ▼ F of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, ttituuled, An act contain* recited, ing divers orders for artificers, labourers, fervants of hufbandry, and apprentices, it is amongft other things enafted, That it Jball not be fateful to any ptrfan or per fans (other than fuch as then did lawfully ufe or exercift any art, myfiery, or manual occupation) to fat up, octupy, Ufa, dr txercifa, any crafty myfltty, of occupation, then ufad at occupied within the realm of England, or Wales, except be Jbdll have been brought up therein feven years, at the leaf, as an apprentice 1 nor to fat any perfon on work in fuch myfiery, art, or occupation, being not then a workman, except he Jball have been apprentice as aforefaid, upon pain of every perfon offending or doing the contrary to forfeit and lofa, for every default, forty/hillings for every month j whereby the trade of a dyer is very much injured and objlrufted\ in regard there are not a Jufficient number of perfons who hope ferved an appr enticefhip to be employed as journeymen therein: may it therefore pleikfe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted bylhe Kirig*$ tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefept parliament aflembled* and by the authority of the to much of the fame. That from the day of paffing this aft, fo much of the faid h,d ao’a$ rc‘ a<^t made in the fifth year of the reign of the faid Queen Eliza* ncymendycri &eth, above-redted, as relates to journeymen or fervants being repealed. 9 employed in the trade or occupation of a dyer, (hall be, and the fame is hereby rep j; led, with refpeft to the counties of Middle-

M

Digitized by L^ooQLe

17770 Anno deg mo feptitno Geqrqii III* C. $4.

/«,	EJfex, Surrey, and JCw/j and that it (hall and may be lawful

to and for all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, who carry on or ufe the trade of a dyer within any of the faid counties of	Aftddlefex,EJfex, Surrey, or Kent, to employ fo many, and

fuch number of journeymen, fervants, and labourers, as they lhall refpeftively have occafion for, without incurring any penalty under the faid ad, any thing therein contained, or any other law, u&ge, or cuftom to the contrary notwitbftanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

A* off for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to I* bii Majefty'e Jbips of	war, ana on board meribant Jbips ana other trad*

ing Jbips and	veffels.

Is*

FO R the bitter fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in Preamble.

Majejly's Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other trading Jbips and vejfels\ be it enafted by the King’* molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and From the paf-after the pafling of this aft# until the twenty-fifth day of March,	tb«

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-ejght, and no longer,

(except in refpeft of fuch merchant (hips, and other trading eban'tihips, fhips or veflels, which (hall be on their voyage before the faid etc. may be twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and wigated by feventy-eight, who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as here-in* after is provided^, it (hall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or veflel, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubjefts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners, do not exceed three-fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate (uch mer-» chant (hip, or other trading (hip or veffel, and that one-fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen fo employed# be At all times natives, or his Majefty’s .naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain, ffudden death and hazard and cafualties of war, and the feas, laved and excepted), one aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second,

(intituled. An aft for the encouraging and tntreafing of/hipping and navigation), or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall This aft not extend to take away or reftrain the effeft of any fuch royal pro-damation as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, are hnpower- Nation to be cd to make by virtue of an aft, paffed id the thirteenth year of his madepurfuant late Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aftfor the better fupply of mart-to an a& n ners andfeamen, to ferve in his Mqjejiy*s Jbips of war, and on board®™'u tnercbantjbips, and other trading Jbips and privateers.)

C c 4	CAP.

by v^rOOQle

g66 £nno dccimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 35,36. [1777;

CAP. XXXV,

An at1 for furthtr continuing an aft, pajftd in the fixtb year of bis prefent Mricfty's reign, intituled. An adt to prohibit the importation of foreigp-wrought filks and velvets for a limited timer . and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen em-" ployed in the (ilk manufacture.

Preamble.

AA $ Geo. $. iecited $

•t

and further continued for 6 years.

WH E REAS /i* law berein-after mentioned bas, by expert* erne, been found ufeful and beneficial, and is near expiring*, may it therefore pleafeyour Majefty that it may be enadted 5 and be it enadted by the King’s rood excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, 2nd by the authority of the fame, That an adt, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to prohibit the importation of foreign-wrought filks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the fill ipanufafture\ whict) was to continue in force for five years, from the fourteenth day of Jyne, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiooof parliament; and which, by another adt, made in the eleventh year of tfie reign of tys prefent Majefty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the fourteenth day pf June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliop of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the fourteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then nexf fefliop of parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings of cm* ' mijfmers or truflees for putting in execution certain afts of this fefjion of parliament.

preamble. \\f H E R E A S certain afts may have been made and pajfed in Y V this prefent feffion of parliament, appointing the firjl meetings of the emmiffioners or trujlees for putting Juch afts in execution upon certain days which have elapfed before, or happened upon, the refbeftive days of faffing Juch afts; and doubts may arife whether, in fuch cafes, the commijfioners or trujlees, appointed in and by fuch afts, are auth; fifed to meet and carry fuch afts into execution; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted e	by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the ers^ctcffor* ^me» That *n ca^c any a& or adts of parliament hath or have executing any pafled during this prefent fefiion of parliament, and the com-paifeif this mifiioners or truftees for putting fuch adt or adts in execution, feffion, who	not have met and holden their firft meetings on the re-

fpedtive

Digitized by

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Gborgii III. c. 37.	367

fpedtive days appointed by fpch afts refpe&iveiy, it (hall and hav.e ”ot held may be lawful for fuch commiflioners or truftees, or fuch num-	^

ber of them as by fuch adts are authorifed to meet and to put formab^to " fuch adts. in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of fuch aft, may fuch adts refpedtively on or before the day fortnight next after meet within a the end of this prefent feflion of parliament; and alf fuch meet-ings fo had (hall arid are hereby declared to be as good, valid, p^fentfeffion! and effectual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if tlte commiflioners or truftees had met and proceeded to put fuch adts in execution on the days appointed in and by fuch refpedtive afts; and all adts, matters, and things, which (hall be done by 1 fuch commiflioners or truftees in the execution of fuch adts refpedtively, (hall be as valid and effectual in all refpedts, and to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if their firft meetings had been held on the days appointed by fuch adts refpedtively.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to Indemnify fucb perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify jujiices of the peace, or other Si who have omitted to regifler or deliver in their qualificationswithin the time limited by la w, and for giving further time for tbcfe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities9 corporations, and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to bo fiamped according to law r or, having been jlamped, have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly jlamped \ and to give further time to fuel perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

WHEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their offices, Preamble.

places 1 employments, or profeffions, or any other cavfe or occa-fan, ought to have taken and fubferibed the oaths, or the ajjurance re-fpeftively, appointed to be by Juch perfons taken and fubferibed, in and by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Firft, of glorious memory, (intituled, An adt for the £ave oniTtted further fecurityof his Majcfty’s perfon and government, and the to qualify fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pre- agreeable to tended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors;) or to 1 Geo‘ have qualified themfelves according to an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An adt for Aft 13 Car. a. the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qua-lifted themfelves according to another a ft,made in the twenty-fifth year ff the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An adt for pre- Aft *5 Car.». venting the dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving th$ facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fbbfcribing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned ;) or according to another aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Aft 30 Car. s, Charles the Second, [intituled. An adt for the more effedtual preserving the King's perfon add government, by difabling papifts

.	from

Digitized by

$6S	Anno	dedmo	fcptimo	GeoRGII	III.	c. 37. [*7#*

from fitting in either houfe of parliament 5) or according to another oft* made tu the eighth year of the reign of bit late majefty King A& t Geo. v. George the Fir ft, (intituled, An aft for granting the people called Quakers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty Aft 9 Geo. i. King George the Second) (intituled9 An aft for indemnifying per-fons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for amending (b much ot an aft, palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as requires per* fons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter feffions; and alfo for enlarging the time limit* $d by law for making and fubferibing the declaration againft traofubftantiation; ana for allowing a further time for inrol* ment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of pro* teftant purchafers, devifees, and leflees;) or according to another aft) made in the eighteenth year of the reign of bit late majefty King Aft it Geo.s. George the Second, (intituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual an aft, palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the further qualification ofjuflices of the peace \) or according to another aft% made in the firth year of the reign and aft 6 Geo. of his prefent Majefty) (intituled, An aft for altering the oath of 3*	abjuration,and the aflurance; and for amending fo much of an aft*

made in the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anni) intituled. An aft for the improvement of the mien of the two kingdom*) as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to perfons indifted of high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon;) bavey through ignorance of the law) abfenU) or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take -and fubferibe the faid oatns and ajfurance% and make and fubferihe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themfelves as afore-faid, within fueb time) and in fuch manner) as in and by the faid afts refpeftively, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required) whereby they have incur+ed, or may be in danger of incurring* divers penalties and difabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majeftfs fubjeftS) and for preventing any inconveniences that might otberufife happen by mans of fuch omiftkns; be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par* iwfline of this l*amcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all * and every perfon or perfons, who, at or before the palling of this aft, hath or (hall have omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and declarations, or to receive the facrament of the Lord’s Tapper, or otherwife to qualify him, her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts, or any of them, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, or undertaking any profeffion or thing on account of which fuch qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the palling of this aft, hath or h*vc taken and

fubfcribe4

Digitized by

1777	] Anno dedmo feptimoGxpROi^ III, o. 37.'	3%

(bbfcribed the faid oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the fecrament of the Lord’s tapper, according to the uface of the church Of	, of who, on or and who Audi,

before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun-«« or before died and fevCnty^feven, (hall take and tahfcribe the faid oaths, declarations, and aflurance refpedively, in tach cafes wherein by * law the faid oaths, declarations, and aitarance, ought to have been taken or tabfcrijbed, in tach manner and form, and at or in tach place or places, as are appointed in and by the faid aft, mode in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King Gtirge the Firft, or by any other aft or ads of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and alfo hath or have received, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of	one

thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-feven, receive the iacra-ment pf the Lord’s tapper, according to the ufege of the church of	England,in tach cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to

have been received, and hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thotifand (even hundred and feventv-feven, make and tabferibe the &id declaration againft trantabftantiation, and alfo hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feven ty-fereti, make and tabferibe the faid declaration, in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in tach cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been made and fubfcribed, and take and tabferibe the oath directed by the faid aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Geerge the Second, in tach cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken and fubfcribed, in tach manner as by the faid aft is directed, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities incurred,or to be incurred,for or by Audi be . teafon of any negleft or omiflion previous to the palling of this indemnified aft. Of taking or tabferibing the faid oaths or affurance, or re-ceiving the facrament, or making or tabferibing the faid declarations, or taking or tabferibing the faid oath, according to the above-mentioned afts, or any of them, or any other aft or afts; and tach perfon and perfons is and are, and (hall be, fully and oftually recapacitated and reftored to the feme date and condition at be, Ihes, or they, were in before fitch negleft or omiflion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her,

6t themfelves, according to the above-mentioned afts, and every Of them: and that «U cleftio^ of, and afts done, or to be done, by any tach perfon or perfons, yr by authority derived from him, her, fir thetn, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been if tach perfon or perfons refpeftively had taken the laid oath or aflurance, and received the facratttent of the Lord’s tapper, and made and tab-fcribed the faid declarations, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, according to the direftion of the faid afts, and every or any of them i and that tho qualification of tach perfon or perfons,

qua-

Digitized by Google

370	Anno	decimo	fepdmo	GeoRGII	HI.	c.37;	[1777,

^ualifyingthemfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, (hall, be, to all intenta and purpofes, as effectual u ' if ruch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the laid oaths and affurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the (aid oath, t within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before-mentioned.

Not toindem- II. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con-nify any per- tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify fon for any any perfon againd whom final judgement (hall have been given, ^by ner Ur* *n any a<^on & debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his leding to qua- Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having iiiy hunfelt. negleded to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law.

III.	And whereas the appointments of divers clerks'of the pact, town clerks, and other puhlick officers, and the admiffions of divers members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tie entries of fuch admiffions in the court books, rolls, or records, of [tub cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by feveral alls of parliament are direHed and requited to be /lamped, may not bam been provided, or the fame not jlanfped, of may have been loft or mifkui; Perfqns pro- be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, for the during ap. relief of fuch perfons whofe appointments and admiffions, or M^a^iffions t*lc cntr*cs wh°fe admiffions as aforefaid may not have been before Dec!*”! Provided, or not duly damped, or where the fame have been 1777,	5	loft or miflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch per*

fons, on or before the twenty-fifth d^y of December, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-feven, to provide, or caufe to be provided, appointments and admiffions, or entries of admif* fipns, as aforefaid, duly (lamped: or, in cafe where fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admit-Cons, as aforefaid, to the commiffioners appointed to infpeft and manage the revenues of the (lamp-duties, to be duly damped; which fuch commiffioners are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, to duly damp, on payment of the duties firft pay-qualified to a^e* or t0 h*ve been paid on fuch appointments, admiffions, or a& a* clerk, entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, without any fine or forfeiture officer, or thereon; and fuch perfons fo providing appointments, admif-member of fi0ns, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, duly damped, or ctc^.P0^atl<3WI,, Procurmg the feme to be duly damped, in manner aforefaid, are m * en:oy an and (hall be hereby confirmed and qualified to adl as clerk of offices into the peace, town clerk, or otherfublick officer, or member or which they members, officer or officers, of luch cities, corporations, and borough towns refpe<$tively, to alf intents and purpofes, and (hall elected; Inc| may hold and enjoy, and execute fuch offices, or any other and fhall> be 0fljce or offices into which he or they hath Or have been elected, fromaUpenil- notwithftanding his or their omiffion, or the omiffion of any of ties and dama- their predecefiors, in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns, tges incurred as aforefaid; and (hall be indemnified and difeharged of and oY iffiomk.°f *4 incapacities, difabilitif?, fprfciturcs, penalties, and da-



Digitized by v^ooQle

I777-J ^nno dccimo feptimo Gborgii III. c. 37.	371

mages, by reafon of any fucb omiflion; and none of his or their ads (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame.

IV.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con - Not to extend rained, (hall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to reftore or fons toany*" intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, bene- cfljce avoided fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by by judgment, judgement of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already

legally filled up or enjoyed by any other perfon; but that fucb office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed*, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall, at the pa fling of this aft, be legally intitled to the fame, as* if this ad had never been made.

V.	And whereas many perfons have omitted to caufe affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the aflual cue* action of feveral contracts in writing entered into by them to ferve as clerks to attomies or folicitorsj within the time in which the fame' aught to have been done, and many infants/ and others, may thereby incur certain difabilities; for preventing thereof and relieving fucb

perfons, be it cnafted by the authority aforeiaid, That every per- Perfon* who * fon who, at the pafling of this ad, (hall have negteded or omitted .caufc af-to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid tp be made^j^JJJf^ e and filed, and who, on or before the firft day of Michaelmas Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, (hall caufe term 1777, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and again ft all penalties, forfeitures, inca- ^ pacities, and difabilities, ih or by any aft or afts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of fuch negleft or omiflion; and every fuch affidavit and affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, (hall be as effeftual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpeftive times the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to have been made and filed.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That in cgfe any aftion, fuit, Perfons profe-bill of indiftroent, or information, (hall, from and after the paf- j-uted and fingof this aft, be brought, carried on, or profecuted, againftj^ty^"1 any perfon or perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemni-nified, may" fied, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfei- plead’the gc-ture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatfoever incurred, or to nerai iffuc* be incurred, by any fuch negleft or omiflion, fuch perfon or per-.

Jons may plead the general iflue, and, upon their defence, give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, upon any trial tp Jbe had thereupon.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

37*

Anno decimo feprfmo Gsorgii III. c. 38,39. [1777.

car xxxvm.

An a& for raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fer?ice of the year one thouland feven hundred and (e?en-ty-(even.

CAP. XXXIX.

An alt for granting to his Majejly a duty upon nil Jervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and for r$. pealing feveral rates and duties upon glafs, impofed by an aft mode in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majejly, and fit granting to bis Majejly other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, upon ell perfons and bodies politick and corporate having certain quantities sf ftlver plate.

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble:	TXT E your Majejlfs mojl dutiful and loyalfubjelte, the commons tf

V V Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing tit nectjjary fupplies> which we have chearftdly granted to your Majejly in this fejfton of parliament, have refolved to give and grant to your Mo-jejly the feveral rates and duties berein-after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majefty that; it may be enacted ; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, After July 5, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth

1777,	*1 »• to day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, there be paid yearly (ha]| ^ charged, raifed, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, bis male^ftrsant **cirs an(* fuccc®>rs> after the rate ot twenty-one (hillings per employed as annum for every male fervant, within the kingdom of Greet herein after Britain, who (hall then have been, or (hall afterwards be, retained mentioned. or employed in the following capacities; (that is to fay) of maitre

d’hotel, houfe-fteward, mailer of the horfe, groom of the Cham-ber, valet dechambre, butler, under-butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner, cook, houfe.porter, footman, running-footman, coachman, groom, poftillion, ftable-boy, and the rcfpeClive helpers in the (tables of fuch coachman, groom, or poftillion,or in the capacity of gardener (not being a day-labourer) park-keeper, game-keeper, huntfman, whipper-in, whether fuch male fervants (hall have been or (hall be retained and employed in one or more of the faid capacities, or in any other bufinefs jointly with one or more of the faid capacities of a fervant; which (aid ygt. to be paid fum of twenty^one (hillings per annum (hall be charged and paid for every fuch in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, every luch fervant for the mafter or mi ft refs (hall be charged fifteen (hillings for every fuch July 5*1777? fervant retained or employed within the time which (hall and Marchs5,clapfe between the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hun-

1778.	dred and feventy-feven, and the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one

ChOU-

Digitized by

Google

373

l777*] Amo dedlmo fcptimo GfioRQii III. c. 39.

thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-eight; and every fuch matter or miftrefs ihall be charged the fum of twenty-one (hillings for every fuch fervant which (hall be fo retained or employed within every fubfequent year, ending on the twenty-fifth day of March; and the faid feveral fums herein-before mentioned (hall be levied and paid in every yeir, within fix months fubfequent to the twenty-fifth day of March, on which fuch charges are hereby direfted to be made.

II.	Provided always. That this aft (hall not extend to any This aft not fervant who (hall be retained or employed, bona fide, for the to extend to purpofes of hulbandry or manfaftures, or of any trade or caU

ling by which the matter or mittrefs of fuch fervant earn a bandry.ma- * livelihood or profit.	nufaftures,

III.	Provided alfo. That the duty hereby granted for every etc-coachman, groom, pottillion, or helper, let out to hire by way Who (hall pay of jobb, (hall be paid by the matter or mittrefs for whole ufe,^^^yf^or and in whofe fervice, fuch coachman, groom, pottillion, or grooms,etc. helper, (hall be employed refpeftively; and that the duty hereby let out to hire, granted for every gardener, retained or employed by any perfon

or perfons who (hall contraft for the keeping of any garden or gardens, (hall be paid by the perfon or perfons for whole ufe and in whofe garden luch gardener (hall be employed.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothin® in this a ft contained (hall Duty to bt extend, or be conftrued to extend* to exempt any perfon or Paid for k.r* perfons from the payment of the duty impofed by this aft, in afbre-** refpeft of any fervant retained or employed in any of the capa- faid, notwith-cities aforefaid, on account or under pretence that fuch fervant (landing their is or (hall be bound as an apprentice to fuch perfon or perfons; being apprtn-lave and except filch apprentices as are or (hall be impofed upontice#’ . any matter or miftrefs, under and by virtue of the powers given

to magiftrates and parifh officers by any aft of parliament, fo as the number of fuch apprentices fo impofed upon any matter or miftrefs does not exceed two.

V.	Provided alfo, That this aft, or any thing herein con- Butlers,cooks, tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge etc- in the with the duty hereby granted, the biller or butlers, manciple,uniTCrfitieS| cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, porter or porters, of any

college or hall within either of the univerfities of Oxford or

Cambridge, or the univerfities of Edingburgb, Gtafgow, Aberdeen,

or Saint Andrews in Scotland, or of the feveral colleges of /fW?-

minfier, Eaton, or WincbeJUr, or to the fervants of his Majefty, Serfantsofthe

or any of the royal family, or of any ambafiador or foreign mi- family,

Slitter redding in the kingdom of Great Britain•	*

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein and certain 'Contained (hall extend to charge with the duty .hereby granted, bofpitals, cx-any of the royal hofpitals of Chrifi, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, emPtcd* Bethlehem, Saint Thomas in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or Guy’s, or the Foundling ffojpital.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Duties to he That the duty by this aft impofed as aforefaid (hall be aftefied, collected by raifed, levied, collected, and received by fuch perfons, and (hall

u	be	*

Digitized by v^-ooQle

Anno dedmo feprimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

the exchequer be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, for the purpofes in this under fuch ad exprefled, in fuch and the like form and manner, and with uaKamm^nt- a^owanccs> anc* under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and dif-ed for the du-~ abilities, and according to fuch rules*/ methods, and directions, tie* on houfes as are prefcribed or appointed for aflefling, raifing, levying, coland window*, leCting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houfes and windows aoGeo3*** or	*n	an(*	an	a<^>	niade	in	the	twentieth	year of the

*° N '** reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the fivt~ ral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights ; and for granting to his Majejly other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raifing the fum offour millions four hundred thoufani pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by another ad, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his laid late Majefty, intituled, An aft to enforce the execution of an aft of this fejfion of parliament>for granting to his Majejly feveralrales and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights ; and by an ad, made in the A&saiGeo.s, twenty-firft year of his faid late Maiefty’s reign, intituled,.//!

aft for explaining, amending, and father enforcing the execution of an afty paffed in the laji fejfion of parliament, intituled, An ad for the repealing feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to 31 Geo. ». be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by an ad, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his (aid late Majefty, intitu-' led, An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral rates and duties upon 1	offices and penfions^and upon houfes yandupon windows or lights; and for

raifing the fum offive millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged , ft Geo. 3. on the faid rates and duties; and by an ad, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral rates and duties upon windows or and 6 Geo, 3. lights • and by an ad, made in the fixth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfesy windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefij other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights, or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the faid feveral ads, or any of them, for the affef-fing, raifing, levying, colleding, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, (hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain for the aflefling, raifing, levying, colleding, and paying the duties upon fervants by this ad granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame are or may be, for the aflefling, raifing, levying, colleding, and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforefaid ads, or any of them, fo far as the faid powers, authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this ad; and that all monies arifing by the faid duty granted by this ad, (the ne-ceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted,) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty1*

cx-

Digitized by

Goot e

I777-J Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39-	Hi

exchequer at M^JlmirJier^ diftindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and (hall he carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called thefinking fund.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That for the better execution of this aeft, and for the ordering, for^meniion-raifmg, levying, colletfing, and paying the duty hereby granted, ed a6h (hall the commiflioners au;horized or appointed, or who (hall be put th>s M in hereafter authorized or appointed, for putting in execution the eaecutioft. faid herein-before mentioned ads, or any of them, (hall be commiflioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the refpedive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, ©f £rg towns, and places refpedively within Great Britain; and that	etCf

the faid commiflioners, in order to the fpeedy execution of this ad, (hall, in their refpedive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings^ cities, boroughs, cinque- ports, towns, and places, for which they are or (hall be appointed commiflioners refpedively, meet on or before the thirtieth day of Jpril, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and (hall, in like manner, meet yearly and every year, at (uch day or time as the faid commiflioners for the time being (hall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of Jprityearly; and (hall then divide themfclves to ad in fepa-rate diftrids, and proceed in the execution of this prefent ady for aflefling, raifing, levying, and colleding the duty hereby granted as aforefard, in fuch and the fame manner as is prescribed by the faid before-mentioned ads, or any of them, with refped to the rates and duties thereby impofed.

IX.	And it is hereby alfo enaded. That the faid commiffl- CorrmUTiqM-oners (hall, in the precepts to be from time to time direded by

them to the inhabitants of the parifhes or places within their ^ ,c*n^ refpedive diftrids or divifions, w hom they Shall think fit to be afTeilor*. prefenters and afleflbrs under the faid before* mentioned nds, or any of them, caufe notice to be inferted, that fuch perfons are to be appointed afleflbrs of the duty upon fervants granted by this ad.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tfiat AflTcflbrs td fuch perfons to be appointed afleflbrs as aforefaid, (hall, within give notice hi fourteen days after fuch their appointment yearly, give or leave

notice or warning in writing, to or for the mafter or miflrefs of pr0(|i,re, every fervant on whom a duty is impofed by this ad, within the Hfts of their limits of the places for which fuch afleflbrs are to ad, at his or fervant* em-her dwelling houfe, to prepare and produce, within the fpace of fourteen days then next enfuing, a dift in writing of his or her ctc#	f

fervants retained or employed within the faid parifli or diftrid, deferibing the number by him or her retained or employed, the chriftian and furname of each fervant, and the office or capacity in or for which each fervant is retained or employed \ every fuch lift to contain the greateft number of fervants at any one time retained and employed in the courfe of the year, ending on the twenty*fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every fuch mafter or miftrefs do and (hall, after fuch notice Vol. XXX-L	Dd	fo

376	Anno	decimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c.39. [1777.

fo given or left, make out a lift of his or her fervants accordingly, and fign the fame with his or her own hand, and deliver the fame, or caufe the fame to be delivered, to fuch affeffor or How afleffors affeffors: and in cafe any fuch matter or miftrefs (hall negledtor to proceed, in refufe to make out, fign, and deliver fuch lift within the time neele<ft to^ie- before-mentioned, then fuch affeffor or afleffors (hall, from the liver fuch lilti. beft information he or they can obtain, make an affeffment upon fuch matter or miftrefs fo refufing or negledling, for or in re-fpedt of the number of fervants fo retained or employed by fuch matter or miftrefs, diftinguilhing them by their chriftian and '	Turname, and their refpedtive employments ; and every fuch af-

feffment fo made upon any fuch negledt or refufal fhall be final and conclufive upon fuch matter or miftrefs, who (hall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unlefs fuch matter or miftrefs (hall prove that he or (he were not at their refpedlive dwelling-houfes at the time of the delivery of fuch refpedtive notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their refpedtive lifts to the afftffor; or unlefs fuch matter or miftrefs (hall alledge and prove fuch other excufe for not having delivered their lifts as the commiflioners in their judgement (hall think reafonable and fufficient.

Lifts to con- XI. Provided always, That the lifts which (hall be delivered eft^number of m inanner herein-before mentioned by order of the faid com-fervantsem miflioners, and which (hall be for the fpace of time which (hall ployed during elapfe between the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred Retime to	and feventy-feven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one

relate.thCy	thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, (hall contain the

greateft number of fervants which fuch matter or miftrefs (hall at any time have retained or employed between the faid fifth day of July, onp thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and the faid twenty-fifth day of A4arch, one thoufand feven hundred ' and feventy-eight.

Commiflion- XII. And whereas many majlers and mijlreffes, who will be charge* cation1 to*5** a^e	^uty	*mP°f£d	by	this aft, have or may have divers bcufes

grant" relief to or P}aces °f refidence in different parts of the kingdom, andfome of perfons who their fervants may be jlationed and refident in fuch refpeflive bcufes or have been places of refidence, and others of them may be removed from time lo

feren^ 'lice's* time t0 aiten^ uPon t^elr Jai^ moflers or miftrcJfes> or their bufmefs: forth* font and whereas other mailers or mijlrejjes keeping fervants may from time fervants. to time change their houfes, lodgings, or places of abode: therefore, ts the end that no perfon may be obliged to pay for the fame fervants, or others coming in their room, in more parijhes or diftrifls than one within the fame y^ar \ be it enadled by the authority aforelaid, That if any matter or miftrefs, having bcenaffeffed inonepanlh oi*diftridt for his or her fervants retained or employed within the fame, (hall happen to be again affeffed in another parifh or diftridl for or in refpedt of fuch fervants,.or any of them; in fuch cafe the commiflioners for the diftridl wherein the hou/e, lodging, or place of refidence or abode of the matter or miftrefs af-•	feffed (ball be firuated, or the majority of the commiflioners

prefent at any application for this purpofe, may and are hereby

required

Digitized by Google

377

J777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3^.' required to alter any aflefTment, on proof given before them thaf the faid matter or miftrefs hath paid the duty impofcd or intended by this adf, for or in refpedfc of fuch fervant or fervants, in: another place, and in what placefpecifically, or hath leen aflef-fed for the fame; which proof lhall be made, as to the fact of payment, by producing a receipt figned by the colledtor to whom the fame payment was made, or in default thereof by other reafonable evidence to the fatisfadtion of the commiflioners,* or the majority of them, before whom fuch evidence lhall be offered; and the aforefaid proof, as to the fadt of the party having been aflefled elfewhere, (hall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the afleflment, figned by two or more commiflioners of the diftridt for which fuch aflefl-ment had been made, which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the faid commiflioners lhall deliver gratis to the party requiring the fame; or in default of fuch copy or certificate, then fuch j5roof lhall be made by other evidence to the fathfadlion of the commiflioners prefent, or the majority of them.

XIII.	And whereas divers noblemen, gentlemen, and others, retain DiretfTorts foi or employ groomsf Jlable-boys, and other J<truants, to look after and aflefling no-attend upon horfes or hounds at many places within this kingdom where

they themfelves have no houfes or places of refdence; be it therefore fervanuat^ cnadted by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be places where lawful for the afleflor or aflefiors, within and for fuch diftridts or they h*veu* places refpedtively, to deliver or leave fuch notice as is herein- houfea. before diredted to be given, at the houfe or houfes where fuch grooms, ftable-boys, or other fervants ufually refide; and that ail and every of fuch noblemen, gentlemen, and others, lhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a lift or lifts, ligned by them refpedtively, fpecifying the number of fervants lb retained and employed by them for the purpofes aforefaid, to the aflclTor* within and for the refpedtive diftridls or limits where fuch ferv-an s lhall ufually refide, and the afleflrnents for and m refpect of fuch fervants lhall be made and delivered by the affeflorS within and for fuch refpedtive limits or diftridts.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared by the In cafe tfid authority aforefaid. That fuch afllfTois as aforefaid lhall not Ic lifts delivered bound by fuch lifts as (hall be delivered to them refpedlively in J? purfuance of this adt, but lhall be at liberty, in cale they lhall deficient^rhcy find upon due examination that any fervant or fervants are emit- furchaigtf ted in fuch lifts, to furcharge the fame, and make a true afteflf- the fame, mentupon every mafter and miftrefs within their refpedtive diftridls of the real number of fervants fo retained or employed by

fuch mafter or miftrefs, diftinguilhing the chriftian and furname of fuch fervant or fervants, and their refpedtive employments; AfT-fors to and lhall from time to time make and deliver in writing their afleflinents of the duty charged by this adt, within the bounds ^ cowmJ-or limits for which they are refpedtively to adt as aforefaid, unto fjoners within the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, within the 3 months af'uf fpace of three calendar months next after the time of their being then* appeint-fo appointed affeffors $ and that the faid commiflioners to whom

D d at	fuch

Digitized by

Google

378	Anno	dedmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

Commiflion- fuch afleflments (hall be fo delivered, or any two of them,* (hall, era to fign the within the (pace of one calendar month next after the receipt of

print collect fame rcfPe&ivety> or as f°on a^ter as conveniently may be, tors,*tc. fet their hands to the faid refpeftive afleflments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as (hall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the fame afleflbrs, or by fuch furveyor or furveyors as herein-after is or are mentioned, teftifying their allowance of the fame; and (hall likewife nominate and appoint two of the perfons named in each of fuch afleflments to be collegers, or any other two fuch perfons as they (hall think able and reiponfable, for the refpeftive divifions and places for which they (hall be fo prefented ; and (hall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch afleflments fo by them allowed of, unto the refpeftive perfons by them nominated to be collectors for the year enfuing* who are hereby enjoined and required to colled and pay the duties hereby affefled, and to give acquittances for the fame.

Surveyors un- XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, der the before- That all and every furveyor and furveyors appointed and to be aft* o?a in aPP°*ntcd under or by virtue of the faid feveral afts herein-be-fpeft^the lifts fore mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby before they are impofed, (hall be, and he and they are and is hereby impowered figned, and and authorised to infpeft and examine any lift or lifts to be made amend them. out an(j fignecj by any fuch mafter or m.ftrefs as aforefaid, or any afleflinent or afleflments for any parifh or place, before thecom-miflioners (hall have finned and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any fuch lift or lifts, afleflinent or afleflments, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fo doing, by fpecifyingthechriftian and furname of each fervant to be added to or taken from fuch lift, together with their refpeftive employments; and every per-fon, in whofe cuftody any fuch lifts or afleflments fhall be, is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or fur-If furveyors veyors as aforefaid, to produce the fame: and if any fuch fur-di(cover any veyor or furveyors (hall, after any fuch lift or litis, afleflinent or a^e^mentsi ftall he fo refpeftively made our, figned, and allowed figned, they as aforefaid, find or difeover, upon his or their iurvey or exami-are to certify nation, that any mafter or miftrefs, that fhould and ought to be the fame to charged with the faid duty hereby granted, (hall have been omittc<^ t()he charged therewith, or (hall have been under-rated, fuch furveyor or furveyors (hall certify the fame in writing under his hand, together with the chriftian and furname and the employment of each fervant, by way of furcharge, to any two or more of the faid commiflioners, in order to have fuch omiflion or under-rate certified in the laid afleflinent, and fuch commiflioners are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the duties levied/accordingly.

Matters to he XVI. sfvd to the end that every mafter and miftrefs may deliver, doubly rated or Caufs to be delivered, to the ajfcffor or ajfejfors, a true lift of thtir vTnta^he Cr' refpcdlive fervants^ according to the intent of this atU be it further omVin their en3fted by the authority aforefaid,' That in all cafes where any lifts.	afleflor or furveyor (hall make a furcharge upon any matter pr

miflrefs,

Digitized by v^ooQle

*777-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.39.	379

mijftrefs, for or in refpedt of any fervant or fervants omitted to be inferted in any fuch lift, fuch furcharge (hall be made after °ne balfof the rate of two pounds two (hillings an head for every fuch fer- ^ar^e to'be vant io omitted j and the afleflor or furveyor fo making fuch fur- a)i0 fed the charge (hall be, and is hereby intitled to, and (hall have and afletfor or fur-rcceive, to and for his own ufe, one pound one (lulling of every veyor making fuch iurcharge which lhall bejuftly made upon any fuch lift. the fame*

XVII.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enaefted. Surveyors or

That nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to autho- afleflor*not to rife or impower any furveyor or afleflor to enter the dwelling- ^eHing-houfe,mouthoufes, or garden, of any perfon, for the purpofe or h0Jfc, etc. to under the pretence of infpeding or examining the number of examine the fervants retained or employed by fuch perfon.	number of

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, rcr"ants* That if any perfon or perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or Pcr*°ns ovcr~ themfelves refpedively overcharged or over-rated by any afleflT- t ™tahycap* mem, charge, or furcharge, to be made by virtue or in purfu-commidioa-ance of this ad, it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them refpec- ers. tivcly, to appeal to the faid commiflioners; and that the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, (hall and they artf

hereby required to hear and determine all fuch appeals, except where it (hall appear to the faid commiflioners that the matter or miftrefs had omitted to deliver in their lifts, and (hall not aflign fufiicient caufe to the fatisfadion of the commiflioners for fuch

omiflion in manner herein-before mentioned; provided that at Appellant to the time of hearing the fame, a lift (hall be produced, by or on deliver, on the part of the appellant, upon oath, of the greateft number °f the create ft fervants of fuch appellant, within the diftrict or limits of thenumberof places where fuch appeal (hall be made, fubjed to the duty hereby fervanrs cm. granted, that (hall have been retained or employed by him or ployed, etc. her at any time between the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and the twenty-fif{h day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, with refped to the fpace of time which (hall elapfe between the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and the (aid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight i or with refpedt to any future year, the greateft number of fervants which (hall have been fo retained or employed by him or her within the year preceding the twenty-fifth day of Manh in every fuch year, with a defeription of the occupation of each fervant, and of the capacity in which fuch fervant (hall have ferved ; and that all fuch appeals (hall be heard and determined on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the feveral adts herein-before mentioned, with refpedt to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights.

XIX.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion^ That the faid commiflioners, or any of them, (hall not, upon ^^e0^to the hearing of any appeal, make any abatement or defalcation ^atement in in the charge, or furcharge, made upon any perfon by fuch af-the charge, feflment as aforefaid, or the furcharge of any fuch furveyor or etc. unleis it (urveyors as aforefaid, but the fame (hall ftana good and remain(ha11 aPPc^

D d 3

part

nt



on-

e

etc,

on

Anno decimo feptimo GeorGII III. C.39.	[1777.

part of the annual afleflment, unlefs it lhall then appear to tht laid commiflioners, by examination upon oath, that fuch perfon is over rated in and by fuch afleflment or furcharge ; and every „ v- perion intending to appeal to the faid commiflioners, (hall, and ■ • is hereby required to give at the leaft ten days notice thereof to the faid furveyor, or to one or more of the afleflor s of the parifh or place wherein fuch perfon is rated, of fuch intention to appeal; and fuch furveyor and afl'eflors may then and there attend to juftity the faid afTefTinent and furcharge; and fuch furveyor and ^flelfors, and appellant, lhall have full and free liberty to be pre-fent during all the time of hearing fuch refpe&ive appeals, and of the faid commiflioners determining the fame: and the laid tain commiflioners are hereby authorized and impowered upon every *y fuch appeal, although they lhall confirm the furcharge of fuch ^ afleflor or furv eyor, upon the application of any fuch mafter or to be miftrefs, to remit and (hike off the faid penally of one pound cne fhilling herein before directed to be paid to fuch afleflor or furveyor furcharging fuch lift, in cafe they lhall be of opinion that there was any doubt whether fuch fervant or fervants fo furcharged was or were rateable within the meaning of this ad, and were not wilfully omitted by fuch mafter or miftrefs out of fuch lift or lifts.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That if, on *,etc. fuch examination on the hearing fuch appeal, it (hall appear to nS a the faid commiflioners that fuch furcharge was falfely and vexa-

tioufly made; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch furveyor or afleflor fo furcharging (hall forfeit and incur fuch penalties and punithment as in and by the herein before mentioned adts are directed to be inflicted on furveyors or afleflors for neglect of duty.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the: authority aforefaid, That all appeals once heard and determined by the faid com* miflioners, or any two or more of them, or the m jor part of them then prefent, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, (hall be final (except as is h^rein-aftcr di-red cd.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if either the faid furveyor, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, (hall apprehend the determination made by

Bench; the faid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and lhall then declare himfelf or herfelf dif-fatisfied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor or perfon refpedively to require the faid commiflioners to ftate fpecially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, Together with their determination thereupon; which cafe the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to date and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft, as aforefaid, ro be by him tranfmitted to one of theju-ftices of the court of King's Bench,, or Ccrnnon Pleas, or to one pf the barons of the court of Exchequer for the lime being ; and

every

mati-

m mif-to be

, etc.

difia-

may,

land,

to tne f

Digitized by

Google

1777-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.39.	381

every fuch juftice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with bis opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the afleflment, which fhall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, thall be altered or confirmed: and that if either the faid furveyor, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part caQnurt 0f of Great Britain called Scotland\ fhall apprehend the determina- fion. tion made by the faid commiffioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and fhall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied with fuch determination, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor or perfon diflatisfied refpedively, to require the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them then prpfent, to ftate fpecially and fign the cafe upon which the que-ftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; which cafe the faid commiffioners are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame,to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him tranfmitted to one of the judges of the court of SeJJion, or of the barons of the Ex-chequer in Scotland, and every fuch judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto ; according to which opinion fo certified the afleflment, which fhall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, fhall be altered or confirmed : provided always. That notwithftanding any fuch cafe fo tranfmitted to any of the faid juftices, judges, or barons, the determination of the faid cpmmiflioners (hall ftand with refpedt to the payments which fhall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron, upon fuch cafe.

XXIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the nine- Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the fecondy A& in 19 Geo. (intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and *• duties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous liquors; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; and for obviating fome doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the fait duties, granted and continued to his Majefty by an adf of the laft feflion of parliament,) it was amongjl other things enaftedy "That there Jhould be raifed, leviedy col-leftedy and paid unto and for the ufe of bis Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ctjforsy the feveral rates and duties therein exprejfed on all glafs imported into Great Britain, and the feveral other rates and duties for and upon all the materials or metaly or other preparations whatfoever, made ufe of in the making of all crowny plate, and flint glafsy and all white glafsy and in making of common bottleSy and all other green glafs in Great Britain 5 we, your Majefty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aJJ'embled, do think it would be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the prefent rates and duties upon glafs imported into Great Britain, and upon the materials or metal made ufe of in making the feveral forts of glafs in the faid recited oft mentioned* and to grant unto your Majefty, in lieu thereof, the feveral new and additional rates and duties berein-after mentioned;

D d 4	and

I8*

From July 5, 7777, tnc duties oij glaCs imported, etc. g* anted by the before recited •0, to ccafe.

New duties to be paid in lieu thereof.

Foreign ghfs liable to any cUity, widen llial; be imported cldll-deltinely, 10 be forfeited;

1 •	,.	,	„	.	*

Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii III. 0.39. [1777.

and alfo that further regulations Jhould be eftablifhedfor the better collection of the faid duties: be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred andfeven-ty-feven, the before-mentioned duties upon glafs imported, and upon the materials or metal ufed in making the feveral forts of glafs* granted by the faid recited aft* (hall ceafe, determine* and be no longer paid or payable, fave only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties upon glafs, or to any penalties or forfeitures in refpeft thereof, which (hall haveariten 6r grown due and payable to his Majefty, or may have been incurred upon, or at any time before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven* any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in lieu thereof, from and after the faid fifth day of Wr, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven* there (hall be raifed, levied, collected* and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon alt glafs which Ihall at any time or times hereafter be imported, or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other cufloms, fubfidies, and duties, by any aft or afts of parliament (nowin force and not hereby repealed) impofed upon or payable for the fame, the feveral and refpeftive rates or new duties herein-after exprefled; (that is to fay) for and upon all plate, enamel, ftain-ed, and pafle glafs, and upon all window glafs, whether flatbed or fpread, or otherwise manufaftured, and upon all other white glafs, and upon all cakes which (hall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the fum of one (hilling and four-pence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; and for and upon all green glafs; and for and upon aft bottles and fhfks, whether the fame be filled or empty, which will contain the quantity of a quart, refpeftively, which (hall be imported and brpught into Great Britain, the fum of four fhil-Jings for every dozen; and for and upon all bott es and flafks, whether the fame be filled or empty, which will contain morecr Jefs than a quart, which (hall be imported and brought as aforc-fail, the fum of four (hillings for every dozen quarts, be the quantity of bottlesgreater or lefler; the faid feveral and refpedive rates and duties to be paid by the importer or importers thereof refpeftively.

XXV.	And, in order the better to prevent the clandejiine importation of any foreign glafs, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any foreign glafs of any kind, liable to the payment of 3ny cuftoms, fubiid.es, or duties, by any aft or afts of parliament, or law whatsoever, fo imported as aforefaid, (hall be landed or put on fhore out of any ihip or veil'd, or unfhipped with intent to be put on (bore, before due entry be made thereof at the cuflom-houfe, in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, and the refpeftive duty or duties payable for the fame Jhajl be paid or fecured, or without a warrant for thelandingo;

Digitized by

Google

1777.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39.	3S3

delivering of the feme, firft figned by the commiflioners, collectors, or other proper officer* or officers of the cuftoms refpcctive-iy; all fuch glafs as (hall be fo landed or put on (hare, or taken out of any (hip or veflel, contrary to the intention of this prefent a61, (hall be forfeited, or the value-thereot, and (hall or may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excifef; and moreover the and li e matter mafter, mate, or other perfon or perfons taking the charge or ot the veil !, com/pand of fuch fhip or veflel, and ajl and every other perfon etc*t0 toncit ' or perfons who (hall be any ways concerned, or aiding or affiit- 100 u ing, in fuch unfhipping or landing of fuch glafs as aforelaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the him of one hundred pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Ne* duties That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fe- °.n the mate-ven hundred and feventy-feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, col-	of*

le&ed, and paid unto and for the ufe of bis Majefty, his^^2 heirs and fuccefiors, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of glafs in Great Britain, (over and above all other rates and duties) by any a£t or ads of parliament (now in force and not hereby repealed) impofed upon or payable for the fame, the feveral and refpe&ive additional rates or new duties herein after exprefled; that is to fay, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of all plate or flint glafs, and of all enamel, ftained, or pafte glafs, and Plate glafs of all phial glafs, commonly called ,or known by the name of etc. \ Jpothecary or other phials, the fum of-eighteen (hillings and eight^pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefs quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of fpread window glafs, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glafs, a duty Broad glafs. of feven (hillings for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of all other window glafs, (not being fpread glafs), whether flalhed or otherwife manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glafsy a duty of fourteen (hillings for every hundred Crown glafs* weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity 5 and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that (hall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of glafs now called German Sheet Glats% a duty of four- German (heet f$cn (hillings for every hundred weight, ar*d after that rate for a gl*f«.

greater

Digitized by

SH	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	39.	[1777*

greater or lefler quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that (hall Common Bot- hereafter be made ufe of in the making of common bottles, (the ties.	lame not being phials), and of veffels made ufe of in chymical

laboratories, and of garden glalfcs, and of all other veflels or utenfils made of common bottle metal, the fum of three (hillings and fixpence for every hundred weight, and after that rate fora greater or lefler quantity; the faid feveral and refpe&ivc rates and duties to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpeftively. Makers of XXVII. And be it Further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, gin's to cuter That all and every perfon or perfons, who,frotn and after the faid t	fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven,

!. ? a bv become a maker or makers of glafs, (hall make fuch entry >	> t ,c. and entries, in writing, of their refpeftive names, and of their

rerpeftive furnaces, pots, pot, chambers, warehouses, rooms, and other places, for making or keeping of glafs, or of materials < mixed and prepared for making of glafs, and give like notice before they ufe any pot or pots, for the preparing or making of glafs, as makers of glafs were by the faid recited a<5l direfted to make •, on pain of forfeiting, for every negleft, as by the faid recited ac5l is direfted.

Dire(51 ions re-	XX V 111. And whereas in and by the faid recitedaCf> it is, amongjl

Utjng to mak- 0^er things, enaCled, That alljucb entries, oaths, or affirmations, there-©athlete!’ *n rnentiofu'd’> 05 Jhould be made in all other parts of Great Britain, *	*	without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, fhould be made with

or by the refpcClive collectors or fupervifors of the iiftriCl or divifm within which the refpe Clive makers of glafs, Jhculd inhabit: and where-as maktrs of glafs, or fome of the partners, often inhabit out of and at fuch dijlance from the di/lriCl or dizifion wherein fuch glafs was made, as to render it difficult to carry theJaid proviftons into execution; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch entries, oaths, and affirmations, in and by the faid recited aft required to be made in all other parts of Great Britain, without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (hall be made with or by the refpe&ive colle&ors or fupervifors of the diflrift or divifion, within which the refpe&ive glafs-houfes fhall be fituate, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding, and (hall be made without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded or taken for the fame.

Ne« duties to XXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, be railed, etc. That the faid fcvcral duties by this aft: impofed within and throughly1 an? on- out l^e ^ kingdom of Great Britain, lhall be railed, levied, colder fuch pe- lefted, and paid, and be fubjeft to be drawn back upon the ex-nalties and portation of fuch glafs, (except in fuch cafes where it is otherwife forfeitures, as directed by this prefent aft), in fuch like form and manner,and b^th^alKjve- Wlt^ a^owances, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, recited aft; and according to fuch rules, methods, and’directions, as are preferihed or appointed for raifing, levying, collecting, and paying the feveral and refpeftive duties upon glafs, in and by the faid recited aft and this aft •> and all and every the powers, authorities.

Digitized by v^ooQle

385

*777*3 Anno dccimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c.39;

rities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things therein mentioned, for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, afeertaining, and paying the feveral and refpeCtive rates and duties thereby granted (other than in fuch cafes only for which other penalties Except, etc. are preferibed in and by this prefent aCl) (hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, to all intents and purpofes, as well as for managing, raifing, levying Collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the feveral rates and duties by this ad granted, as fully and effectually as if the (aid ad, and all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad ; and all the monies arifing by the feveral rates Duties g-ant-and duties by this ad granted, (the neceffafy charges of raifing,C(1 hy this collecting, and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from [JJ^excnequer time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majefty’s exchequer feparauly? at Weftminjler, diftinCily and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue.

XXX.	And whereas the duties upon glafs, granted by the afore-red-ted aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of bislate majejly king George the fecond, were, together with certain duties upon jpirituous liquors, made a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities granted by the faid aft; and by an aft of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majejly king George the fecond, the fame were direfted to be carried to the finking fund, after referving fujficient to aufwer and pay fuch annuities on lives at the exchequer as were eflablifbed by the afore-mentioned aft of the nineteenth year of his faid late Majejly;

be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from 63,0781. 8s. and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and duties hereb** feventy-feven, the yearly fum of fixty-three thoufand andfeventy- graced,*to be eight pounds, eight (hillings, and eight-pence, being the amount applied in the of the annual produce into the exchequer of the duties upon fame manner glafs, hereby repealed, (hall, by half-yearly fums be referved *8 t.bc*ormejp and fet apart, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth dutlM* day of January and the fifth day ot July in every year, out of the duties hereby granted, and (hall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and the and the refi-refidue of the produce of the duties hereby granted (hall be car- due to be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking [inking hind. Fund, towards making good to the fame the charge thereupon ® for payment of fuch annuities as (hall or may be charged on the faid fund by any aCt of this feflion of parliament.

XXXI.	And whereas, in the manufafturing of all forts of glafs, part of the metal and other materials ujed for making of glafs, are left at the bottom of each pot ufed for preparing and mixing the fame, which cannot be conveniently wrought out, and other wajle doth necejfarily happen in the manufafturing of thofe materials, and the allowances by the J'aid recited aft given and provided are not fujficient; it is hereby

further enaCted and provided, That in all pots, containing more Allowances to than ope hundred weight, ufed for the preparing and mixing of be made to the

jpetal makers of

Digitized by LjOOQle

386	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 39. [1777. i

glaf* for	metal and other materials for making of flint, enamel, ftained

wafte.	glafs, and of all phial glafs, an allowance (hall be made to

the makers of fuch glafs of one-fourth part of the metal oro-ther materials contained therein, and of one inch deep at the bottom of every fuch pot; and in fmall pots, commonly called Pile Ends, which will not contain one hundred weight, and ufed as aforefaid, an allowance (hall be made to fuch makers of one-fifth only of the metal or materials contained therein; and in pots ufed for the making of crown and plate glafs, and of all window glafs, whether flaihed or fpread, orotherwife manufactured, an allowance (hall be made.to fuch makers of one-fourth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four inches deep at the bottom; and in pots ufed for the making of common bottles (not being phials) and of other veflels or utenfils Herein-before mentioned, to be made of common bottle metal, an allowance (hall be made to the makers thereof of one-fifth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and three inches deep at the bottom of every fuch pot; and the refpedtive commiffioners for the inland duties on glafs in Great Britain are hereby authorifed and required to make the refpedtive allowances herein directed ; which allowances are hereby declared to be in full compenfation for all wafte, damage, or lofs whatfoever, except the allowance by the faid recited act made and provided where pots ufed for the preparing and mixing of metal and other materials for making of glafs (hall crack or break.

GUfs-makers XXXII. And be it further enadted by, the authority aforefaid, may work-up That if any maker of glafs lhall be defirous of manufadturingor (n^he bottom working*up any of the metal or materials that (hall be left in the of their pots, bottom of any pot or pots, for which the allowance (hall have after having been madeof three inches or four inches at the bottom of fuch pots given notice refpedtivcly to the maker as aforefaid, into any glafs wares whatever, officers^of^cx- an^	r^e *Pacc offixhours next before he, (he, or they,bc-

dfe.	gins to work the fame, give notice in writing to the officer of ex-

>	cife of the divifion or place where fuch glafs (hall be fo manufac-

tured or worked, of his, her, or their intention to manufadlure or work the iame, fpccifying in fuch notice the particular ma-nufadture dr work he intends to make from fuch bottoms, and from which pot or pots, and the particular time of beginning 10 work the fame; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch maker of glafs to manufadlure and work the faid bottoms and the metal and materials in the faid bottoms (liall, in fuch cafe, be chargeable and be charged by the officers for the faid duties with the duty of eighteen (hillings and eight-pence for every hundred weight, and fo in proportion for every greater or leflir quantity ; and in every fuch cafe, an allowance (hall be made to fuch makers of glafs of one inch, and no more, Penalty on at the bottom of every fuch pot; any thing herein-before contained doingit, with- to the contrary notwithftanding: and if any maker of glafs (hall outgiving manufadlure or work any part of the metal or materials ihat proper notice.	]cft	at tjje bottom Gf any fuch pQt or p0ts as aforefaid,

without havipg given fuch nonce as herein is directed and required,

Digitized by

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.39.	387

qfcired, fuch maker of glafs fhall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XXXIII.	And whereas fame makers of glafs, in giving notice under

the directions of the faid recited aft, have neglected or refufedtofpecify the true kind and weight of the metal or preparation put into each par-ticular pot ujed for the making of glafs, and have aljo put in metal or materials into the pot or pots after a gauge of the metal therein hath been taken by the officery under pretence that the fame were moyles of glafs of the prefent or of feme former making, by which means the revenue is greatly defrauded ; for remedy whereof, it is hereby enac- .	(

ted and declared. That every maker of glafs fhall, in every no- tiJS'^otice'to tice hereafter to be given, exprefs in writing the particular time be given by and hour when he intends to begin to fill or charge his pot or glafs-maker* pots, and the account of the true weight of the metal or prepa- before they ration to be made ufe of in each particular pot ufed for the ma- p^gethcir king of glafs, and the fpeciesand particular kind of glafs intend- P

ed to be made in each pot: and if any maker of glafs fhall neg- Penalty on ledt or refufe to give the notice by this prefent adl, and the faid negledl. recited adt, diredled and required, or after fuch notice given, and a gauge taken by the officer of the metal or preparation in their	'

pots fhall, without a frelh notice in writing, put into any fuch pot any metal, material or preparation whatfoever, every fuch maker oT glafs fhall, in every fuch cafe, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XXXIV.	Aridfor the more effectual afeertaining the weight and[pedes of the materials or metal, or other preparations madeufeof in the making of glafs, and preventing frauds which may be committed therein, or in relation to fuch notice and account hereby required to be respectively given, and in order that the fame may be properly examined,

be it further enadted bv the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and Officers of exmay be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other officers of excife, c,*e way takc to take a fample or famples, not exceeding four ounces in the ueriata whole, out of each of the faid pats, or any other thing containing out Qf €acb fuch preparations for making glafs as aforefaid, paying for fuch por,etc. fample or famples (if demanded) the fum of one halfpenny for each ounce; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall obftrudt or Penalty on , hinder the gaugers, or other officers of excife, in taking fuch obitruftiog fample or famples, he, (he, or they fhall refpedtivcly forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XXXV.	And whereas it was further provided by the faid a Cl, That it fhould be lawful for any perfn or perfons who jhould have actually paid his Majefly's duties by the faid aCt payable for any quantity of glafs whatfoever made from any of the materials thereby charged, and to and for any other perfon or perfons, whoffiould buy, or be lawfully intitled to any fuch quantity of glafs from the faid perfon or perfons who actually paid his Majejlys duties for the fame, to export fuch glafs for any foreign parts, by way bf merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the directions, and with fuch drawback and allowance, as are therein exp re {fed: and whereas glafs is often exported in fuch quantities according to the demands of the markets beyond the fas, and the manner hereby preferibedfor obtaining fuch drawback and allowance is attended

* with difficulty to the exporters-, for the encouragement therefore of

the

v	Digitized	by	Google

Any pf rfon who has paid the duties granted by this aft, and the recited aft, tor any quantity of glals, may export the fame from any Yea-port, etc. near the glafs-houfe,

in the prefence of an officer of excife :

And on proving that the duty hath been paid, etc.

the colleftor (hall give a certificate 3

on producing whereof to the officer of excite at the port of exportation, etc.

and on giving fecurity that the whole of . the faid glafs (hall be exported, etc.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

the glafs manufacturers and exporters of glafs in Great Britain, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (halland may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, who have aftu-ally paid or been charged with his Majefty’s duties by this prcfer.t aft, or by the faid recited aft refpeftively, payable for any quantity of glafs whatfoever, made from any of the materials thereby refpeftively charged, and to and for any other perfon or perfons who fhall buy, or be lawfully in titled to any fuch quantity of glafs, from the faid perfon or perfons who aftually paid hisMa-jefty’s duties for the fame, to export fuch glafs for any foreign parts, by way of merchandize, in any feaport, or upon any navigable river near to which fuch glafs-houfe fhall be (ituated, within any of the ufual and allowed ports by law eftablifhed, for and upon account of himfelf or any other, in the prefence of an officer of excife, to be appointed by the refpeftive commiffioners of excife in Great Britain, upon twelve hours notice thereof being given to the faid officer of excife within the limits whereof the faid glafs fhall be exported (who is hereby impowered and required to fee the faidglafs weighed); and proof being madeupon oath, or by affirmation, in cafe the perfon be a known quaker, by the clerk or chief manager of the refpeftive glafs-houfe where fuch glafs was made* that the duty of fuch glafs hath been refpeftively paid or charged according to the directions of this pre-fent or the faid recited aft, expreffing the quantity and weight of fuch glafs; and alfo like oath or affirmation by fuch clerk or chief manager, or of one or more perfon or perfons having knowledge of the packing and intended exportation thereof,'expreffing the quality ana weight of fuch glafs, and that no broken nor wafte glafs hath been packed with, nor is included in, any box, grate, or other package containing the faid glafs, and that the fame glafs is to be really and truly exported beyond the feas as merchandize; and thereupon the colleftor for the faid duties upon glafs, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be deputed by the faid refpeftive commiffioners of excife to aft in his abfence, (hall give to fuch perfon or perfons gratis a certificateor certificates, expreffing the qualities and weight of fuch glafs,and that the duties are paid, or charged for the fame as aforefaid; which certificate being produced to the officer of excife at the port where the faid glafs (hall be exported, and oath or affirmation as aforefaid being made by the exporter, or his clerk or chief manager, before the officer of excife of the faid port (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame without any fee or charge) that the faid glafs fo exported is the fame mentioned and deferibed in the faid certificate, and fufficieftt fecurity being given before the (hipping thereof for exportation, to be approved of by the faid refpeftive commiffioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons to be refpeftively appointed by them for that purpofe, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular glafs which (hall be intended to be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame, or any part thereof, fha’I not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain;

which

Digitized by Google

1777*3 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39.	389

which fecurity the officer of excife of the faid port where fuch glafs (hall be exported is hereby directed and authorized to take, in his Majefty’s name, and to his ufe,' inftead of the fecurity directed by the faid recited aCt to be taken by the cuftomer or collector of the refpeCtive port for fuch exportation; and then the faid officer of excife of the faid port where fuch glafs (hall be exported, (hall give a certificate under his hand, exprefling, the quality and true weight of the glafs fo exported, and that the fame was (hipped in his prefence, and that fufficient fecurity has been given for the due exporting thereof; which certificate being produced to the collector appointed to receive the faid duties upon glafs, or fuch collector of the port where the faid glafs was exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow to the perfons or agents fo exporting the fame a drawback or a drawback allowance of eighteen (hillings and eight-pence per hundred thall be paid, weight for all plate, flint, enamel, (tained, or pafte glafs, and for all phial glafs, made in Great Britain; and fevcn (hillings per hundred weight for all fpread window-glafs made in Great Bri-ta\n; and fourteen (hillings per hundred weight for all other window-glafs (not being fpread glafs) whether flafhed of other-wife manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of crown glafs, made in Great Britain, and fourteen (hillings per hundred weight for all glafs called German Sheet Glafs, made in Great Britain 5 and three (hillings and fixpcnce per hundred weight for all common bottles, not being phials, and for all o-ther veflels or utenfils made of common bottle metal made in Great Britain 5 and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity: and if fuch collector (hall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the faid refpeCtive commiflioners of excife in Great Britain are required to pay the faid certificate or certificates out of the duties upon glafs, arifing by this or the faid recited aCt.

XXXVI.	And whereas it frequently happens that the collectors of the duties, under the management of the commijjioners of excife, who are by law requiredand impowered to adminiflerthe oath or affirmation, and thereupon to give certificates that fych duties have been duly paid or fecuredy are frequently abfent from home in the execution of other parts of their dutyy whereby the exportation of fuch wares or merchandize may be greatly delayed; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfort or Commiflion-perfons as (hall be appointed by the commiflioners of excife in ers of excife Great Britain refpeCtively for the time being, or the major part to appoint of theiri, within their feveral diftriCts, to adminifter fuch oath or roTnUteVoaths* affirmation, in the abfence of the refpeCtive collectors, to the per- in the abfence fons fo applying for the fame, in order to export fuch wares and of coUe&ori, merchandizes as afbrefaid, and to give gratis to fuch perfons fuch certificate or certificates as required by the feveral aCts whereby fuch duties are refpeCtively charged upon fuch wares or merchandizes, in the fame manner as the collectors of excile are by law required and impowered to do.

X XXVIL’And whereas frauds have been committed by relanding or unfbipping ofglafi% after being entered and flipped for exportation, and Q	alf$

Digitized by

Google

alty on udulently anding,ctc fs (hipped exporta-i

enter ng ken or tie glafs.

glafs ma-*r, etc. to

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii [II. C.39. (1777.'

clfo by entering broken glafs or wajle glafs for exportation, in order to obtain the drawback or allowance for the fame * at if it was glafs exported for merchandize, which was the true intent and meaning of the faid recited atl \ now the better to prevent liich abufes, be it further enacted and declared by the authority fforefaid, That if, after the (hipping of any glafs to be exported purfdant to this present ad, in order to obtain the refpedive allowances or drawbacks therein mentioned, the glafs fo (hipped to be exported, or any part thereof, (hall be fraudulently unihipped, unladed, relanded, or put into any other (hip, veffel, or boat, within the kingdom of Great Britain, that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, the exporter or exporters of fuch glafs, and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be any ways concerned, or aiding or aflifting, in fraudulently un(hipping, unlading, relanding, or putting into any other (hip, veffej, or boat, any part of the faid glafs, in any part of Great Britain, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofethc fum of one hundred pounds $ and every perfon and perfons who (hall knowingly enter, or caufe or fuffer to be entered, any broken or wade glafs for exportation, with intent that any drawback or allowance (hould be obtained, (hall, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, for every fuch offence, alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII.	^nd be it further enacted bythe authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever, being a maker of glafs, or whoisor

as a juftice (hall beany way interefted in, or concerned in, the trade or bufi-y matter nck ma^in& or ,n any glafs*houfe or glafs* houfes already ting toiht or hereafter to be fet up, (hall, during fuch time as he (hall be fo ties on	concerned or interefted in fuch glaTs manufacture, trade, bufi-

••	nefs, or glafs-houfe as aforefaid, or in any of the faid trades or

bufineftes, be capable, or have any power to a<51 as a juftice of the peace in any matter or thing whatfoever which (hall any ways concern the execution of the powers of authorities given or granted by this prefent adt, or any other aof parliament relating to the duty or duties impofed upon glafs, or upon the materials for making of glafs ; and in calc any fuch perfon or perfons lhall contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof prefume to execute any fuch powers or authorities, it is hereby enaefted and delcared. That all and every fuch ad fo done by fuch perfon or perfons (hall be null and void to ail intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXXIX.	And whereas there m >y have been contracts or bargains made for the pur chafe and foie c] home-made glafs and bottles, to be delivered and received at future times after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufandfeven hundred arJfeventy feven ; which contract sandbargainss

H cont 6k ^ r£afon of the duties on glafs and glafs bottles hereby impefed, can-home* nct be complied with by the Jellers without great lofs and damage; be it ade glafs or therefore enaded by the authority aforefai.d. That all contrads fs bottles, or bargains made, or to be made, before the faid fifth day of lc^Onli July, one thoufand feven hundred and ftventy-feven, for rhe d before°r" Purchafe and (ale of home-made glafs or glafs bottles, to be defy 5* 1777$ iivered and received at any future time or times, which (hall not be void,	be

Digitized by Google

1777-] Anno decimo feptimo Georg n III. c. 39.	391

be performed and complied with on or before the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-feven, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, null and void, and of no effeft; -and in cafe any futn or fums of money (hall have been advanced and all money and paid by any purchafer or purchafers for or on account of any advanced on home-made glafs or glafs bottles, which (hall not be delivered on account of or before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred Jrafts^to be and feventy-feven, all fuch fums of money fhall be forthwith re- repaid with paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall have advanced and paid intereft. the fame, together with legal intereft for the fame, from the time and times that fuch fum or fums of money (hall have been refpeftively advanced and paid.

XL. And it is hereby enafted, That if any maker of glafs, or Penalty on any other perfon or perfons, (hall obftruft or hinder any of the perfons ob-faid officers in the execution of any of the powers given him or cerHn ?he" them by this aft for ascertaining and Securing the faid duties execution of upon glafs, the perfon or perfons fo offending therein (hall, for e- this aft. very fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XLI. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority Penalties and aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this aft forfeitures impofed, (halj be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by howto be re-fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeit- ™![ed.a0 ure is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife,orby this aft, or by aftionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, plenalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or theqi who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XLII. And whereas it has been found by experience, that the rates and duties artfing by an aft, made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty Several rates and duties, payable by all perfonsand bodies politick orcorporatehavingcertainquanthies of filver plate, are very vexathus and troublefome in the levying and colie fling the fame, and of fmall advantage to the public k; be it therefore en aft ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after Aft 19 Geo II. the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-^orgrantir\g feven, the feveral annual rates and duties charged by the faid re- ^'es”tp ^ cited aft (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or pay- pealed. * Able; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and r authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations efta-blifhed and preferibed by the faid recited aft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament for or in relation to the managing, Securing, afcer|aining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the faid rates and duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in re-fpeft thereof, (hall alfo ceafe, determine, and be no longer put . in execution; fave only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been incurred upon or at any timebefoie the (aid fifth Vol. XXXI.	E	e	day

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.40.	[1777.

day of July, one thoufand feven hundred j nd feventy-fevcn ;any thing herein-before contained to the con rary notwithftanding. fons fucd	XLIII. And beit further enaded by the ai ithorityaforefaid,That

cxecutiryg if any perfon or perfons (hall, at anytime Dr times, befued,mo-«^emay lefted, or profecuted, for any thing by hie 1 or them done or ex-eral iflue ccute^ *n purfuance of this ad, 01 of any <laufe, matter, or thing * herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons I hall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter n evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendjnts, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

recover ble coils.

CAP. XL.

An aft to anther ife the carrying of the captures therein mentioned inti any part of his Majefty's dominions in North America ; and for efeertaining the value of fuch part ofJhips and goods as belong a the recaptors.

ramble.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the ftxteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ad to prohibit

i6Geo. 3. all trade and intercourfe with the colonies of New Hampjbirt,

Majfachvfet's Bay, Rhode Iftand, Connecticut, New York, New Jer-fey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Morj* land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the faid colonies refpedively; for repealing an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difeontinue the landing anidif charging, lading or Jhipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and within the harbour of Bofton, in the province of Maffa-chufet’s Bay ; and alfo two ads, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for reftraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid ads refpedively mentioned; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorized by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iflue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the pur-pofes therein mentioned;) it was (amongjl other things) provM and enabled, That no captures which Jhould be taken by virtue of the faid a ft, Jhould be carried into any of the colonies or plantations in America, therein before particularly mentioned, during and fo long time os fuch colonies or plantations refpeftively Jhould continue in a ftate of re-

bellion: and whereas many Juch captures have been, finee the paffwgtf the faid aft, carried into the port and harbour of New York, and it

may be expedient to allow that fuch captures Jhould be carried into the faid port and harbour, or into any other port, harbour, or place, in bis Majefy's dominions aforejaid, provided the fame be dme with the con* fent, licence, and warrant, of the faid perfon or perfons, appointed ani authorized by his Majcjiyto grant a pardon or pardons to any number or defeription of pcr]'ons\ be it therefore enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament # .	aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and

vrto may	f°r Perf°n or perfons, appointed and autbo-

i«it par-* t:\zQd by his Majefty to grant pardons, as aforefaid, and they, or F	cither

By perfoi

Digitized by

Google

I?77\I Anno decimo fcptimo Georgii III. C.40.	393

cither or any of them, are hereby impowered to grant his or dons,etc. mar their licence or warrant, authorizing any captor or captors, or grant a licence any other perfon or perfons whatfoever in their behalf, to carry any fuch captures into any port, harbour, or place, in any of any port in his Majefty’s dominions aforefaid j any thing in the faid a£t con- America, tained to the contrary notwithftanding. *

II.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all All captures fuch captures which have been already carried into the faid Port carried and harbour of New York, or which, before the firft day of ,nto the har_ Auguft, one thoufmd feven hundred and feventy-feven, (hall be bour of New carried in there, or into any of his Majefty’s dominions, with orbc-fuch licence and warrant aforefaid, (hall be deemed to have^ore^l,j,|j|,^e,» been lawfully carried into fuch port or harbour; and after con- carried Into demnation as lawful prize, the fame (hall and may, with the any of his like licence and warrant, be exported from thence, and brought Majefty’s do-and imported into this kingdom, or any other of his Majefty’s dominions, upon payment of the fame cuftoms and duties, and at0relaid, (hall fubjedt to the fame reftri&ions and regulations in .all other re- be deemed to fpects, as the fame now are fubjedt to by the faid recited a£1; havebeenlaw-any thing therein to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. facte**”**

III. And whereas, fence the paying of the faid aft, feveral Jbips * and veffe\s, with their cargoes, which had been taken by the inhabit

tants of feme of bis Majefeys rebellious colonies or plantations in taken America, and were afterwards retaken, have been condemned in the from ,lls Ma-courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty in the Weft Indies, and in jelly'* I'ubje&s America, and afterwards fold, in order to afeertain one-eigb h part aoc in r*bci‘ of the value of fetch Jbips, veffels, and cargoes, to which the recaptors ^ch^hall be are entitled by virtue of the faid aft; by means whereof the original reuken, ownerj, and others interejled therein, have been greatly damnified: for remedy whereof be it declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That when any (hip, veffel, or boat, taken by virtue of the faid adl, or any goods therein, (hall appear and be proved, in any courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty aforefaid, to have belonged to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing in their allegiance to the King, and under his Majefty’s protection, and to have been taken or furprized by any of theinhabitants of his Majefty’s rebellious colonies or plantations therein before mentioned, and to be in the pofleflion or power of fuch unlawful captor at the time of fuch retaking \ then, and in fuch cafe, fuch (hips, veffels, boats, and goods, belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjects remaining and continuing under his protection and obedience, as aforefaid, lhall in all cafes be ?d- (hall be reftor-judged to be reftored, and (hall be, by decree of the faid vice cdtothcown-admiralty court, accordingly reftored to fuch owner or owners,cr#* he or they paying one-eighth of the value thereof to the recap-on paying tors, or giving good and fufficient fecurity, to the l*atisfa<tion of the recaprors, to pay one-eighth of the true value of fuch Jticreot.0 (hip and goods fo retaken, for and in lieu of falvage: and for afeertaining fuch one-eighth part, where it (hall be judged ne-ceffary by the owner or owners of fuch veffel or boat, or the goods therein (9 retaken as aforefaid, to be reipoved into any

E c 4

other

Digitized by* oOO

394	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Ghorgii	III.	c.	41.	[1777*

other port or place in order to be fold or difpofed of, the judge of the vice-admiralty court, in which the faid (hip and goods Veto Is, etc to fhall be decreed to be reftored, (hall forthwith caufc the fame to be appraifed} ^ appraifed by perfons to be named by the claimant and recaptors; or if they do not agree, to be appointed by the court, and fworn truly to appraife the fame according to the bed of but not fold their (kill and knowledge; and that no (hip, veflcl, or boat, or without the goods, wares, and merchandizes laden therein, fo retaken as owners- thc aforefaid, (hall be fold or difpofed of for the purpofe of paying * any fuch falvage or eighth part, or on any other account what-excent,etc.	foever, unlefs by the confent of the owners; except in cafes

where there (hall be no claim for fuch retaken (hips, veffels, boats, or goods; in which cafe thejudge of the faid vice-admiralty court (hall order as much of the cargo, after having been appraifed as aforefaid, to be fold, as will be fufficient to pay the recaptors the one-eighth of the value of the (hip and cargo, and the expences of the appraifement and fale; and if the cargo be not fufficient for that purpofe, then the (hip or veflel to be Jike-wife fold, and the remainder, after paying the faid falvage, to be depofited in the regiftry of fuch vice-admiralty court, for thc benefit of the owners who (hall thereafter apply for and claim the fame; and except alfo in fuch cafes where any part of the cargo (hall appear'to be in a periling condition ; in which cafe the faid judge (hall direft the fale of fuch perithing part, for the benefit of the perfon$ concerned therein.

C A P. XL!.

An at1 to prevent the clandefine un/hipping from and receiving goois at fea on board vejfeh employed in the Eaft India company s fervicc\ for of attaining the manner of difcharging bonds given for the dut exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to oblige the majlers of Britifh or Irifh Jhips,Jailing from anj of his Majefly's dominions into the Baltick, to deliver a manifejh of their cargoes to the Britifh conful refiding there.

Preamble.

WHEREAS /fo laws heretofore made to prevent the clanie* fine running of goods from onboard Jhips employed in the fir-, vice of the Eaft India company on their homeward voyages, and the receiving of goods on board fuch Jhips at fea on their outward voyages from this kingdom, are infuffeient to anfwer thofe purpofes, it having been found by experience that very large quantities of muf ins, teas, and other goods, are unjhipped from on boprd fuch Jhips into vejfeh that meet them at fea on their voyages homewards, which goods are after* wards run on Jhore on the coa/U of this kingdom without payment of duties ; and alfo that large quantities of wine, brandy, and other goods, arc clandefinely laden and put on board Jhips employed in the faid company's Jervice on their outward-bound voyages at fea, from vejfeh that wait hovering for them upon the coaf of this kingdom, laden with fuch goods from foreign parts; to the great lofs of the pub-lick revenue, the detriment of the Eaft India company, and the prejudice of the fair traders. : for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enaefted bv the King's moft excellent majefly, by and with thc advice and confcnt of

Digitized by Google

1777-1 Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 41.	395

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Penalty on from and after the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven unfhipping hundred and feventy-feven, if any muftin, tea, or other goods, **fca wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, (hall be un(hipped at fea, homewYrd-?nd taken out of any (hip or veffel employed in the fervice of bound veflVl the faid Eajl India company, on her voyage homewards to this employed by kingdom, at any diftance from the coafts thereof (unlefs in cafe of apparent neceffity, or fome other lawful reafon, of which the any'dhtance matter, commander, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip from the or veffel, (hall give immediate notice to, and make proof of be- coafts of this fore, the collector and comptroller, or the chief officer or officers	f

of the cuftoms, at the firft port of this kingdom where he (hall of neceffity, * -arrive;) all fuch muflin, tea, or other goods, wares, and mer-etc.) chandizes, and every (hip, veffel, or boat, into which the fame fhall be unihipped and taken, or which (hall ufed in the removing, carrying, or conveying the fame, (hall be forfeited and loft ; and the mafter, commander, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veffel from which fuch goods (hall be fo unftiipped and taken', knowingly permitting or fuffering fuch goods to be (b unihipped and taken out of fuch (hip or veffel, and every . other perfon who (hall be aiding, affifting, or otherwife concerned in the unfhipping or receiving of fuch goods, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof.

II.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- or on putting

faid. That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June,	any

if any wine, brandy, or other goods whatfoever, (hall be laden outward-

or put on board any (hip or veffel, employed in the fervice of bound, after the faid Eafl India company, at fea, at any diftance from the (he has left the coafts of this kingdom, after fuch (hip or veffel hath been cleared P°rt °f Lon* outwards, and departed from the port of Londonon her outward- w^e2brandy bound voyage (excepting fuch provifions and ftores as (hall be etc. *	*

neceffary for the ufe and fufinance of the perfons on board fuch	f

(hip or vefiel during the voyage) all fuch wine, brandy, and ^ th°r 1 * other goods, and every (hip, veffel, or boat, out of and from perfons on which fuch wine, brandy, or other goods, (hall be fo unladen, board during (hall be forfeited and loft; and the mafter, commander, or other the voya&e* perfon having the charge of fuch Eajl India (hip, knowingly permitting or ruffering any fuch goods to be fo taken on board fuch (hip, and every other perfon who (hall be aiding, affifting, or otherwife concerned in the unfhipping or receiving of the faid goods, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof.

III.	And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid. That Penalties and all penalties and forfeitures, as well fpecifick as pecuniary, by forfeitures this a<ft impofed, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and re- covered andC* covered, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJiminJler, appi^d.

by a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, in the name ot his Ma-jefty’s attorney-general, or in the name of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms, by the fame rules, methods, ways, and means, as other penalties and forfeitures induced for offences againft the laws for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms are and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered ; and that one-third part of -	E	e	3	all

Digitized by

Google

396

After Sept *9, 1777, no bond wh«ch fltall be given tor the exportation of prohibited good*, or goods intitled to a draw-back, (ball be difcharged, until proper certificates ihali be produced of the exportation and landing thereof.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1777,

all fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, one other third part thereof to the uie of the faid united company, and the remaining third part thereof to the officer or officers of the cuftoms who (hall inform and profecute for the fame.

IV.	And whereas the provifions made by law for the dijcharging bonds, entered Into for the due exportation of goods which are prohibited to be worn or ufed in this kingdom, or which are intitled to & drawback, bounty, or premium upon exportation into foreign parts, have been found infufficient to anfwer the purpofes intended, tbre being great rcafon to believe the certificates of fuch goods being landed abroad have, in many cafes, been fraudulently obtained, notwithjland-ing the goods have been relanded in Great Britain, contrary to the condition of fuch bonds; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, no bond, which (hall be given in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament for the due and regular exportation of any gopds, which now are or hereafter may be prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, or which now are or hereafter may be intitled to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of any money arifing by the revenue of cuftoms upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, (hall be delivered up, cancelled, or difcharged, until certificates (hall be produced of the exportation to and landing fuch goods at the pons and places mentioned in fuch bonds, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in fuch manner and form as is hereinafter directed; that is to fay; in cafe any fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation to Ireland, theiflandsof Guirnfey, Jerfej, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or his Majefty's colonies or plantations jn America, a certificate (hill be produced under the hand and feal of the colle&or and comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms where fuch goods (ball be landed, teftifying the landing thereof, and deferibing the number of the calks, cherts, or other package containing the fame, and the particular marks of fuch cafks, chefts, or package; and the condition of all fuch bonds to be given for the exportation of fuch goods to Ireland, or the iflands of Guernjey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, (hall be to produce fuch* certificate within fix calendar months from the date of fuch bond, the danger of the feas and enemies excepted ; and the condition of all fuch bonds to be given fortbc exportation of any fuch goods to the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, (hall be to produce fuch certificate in eighteen calendar months from the date of fuch bond, the dangers of the feas and enemies excepted : and in cafe any fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation to any other part of Europe, fuch bond fhall not be delivered up, cancelled, or difcharged, until a like certificate (hall be produced, under the hand and feal of the Britijh conful, or other perfon adling as fuch, who (hall be refluent at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed ; or if ther£ be no fuch Britifh conful, or perfon adtingas fuch, refilling there, then under the hand and common feal of the chief

Digitized by

Google

magi*

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 41.

magiftrate for fuch port or place; and the condition of fucl\ Jaft-mentioned bonds (hall be to produce fuch certificate in fifteen calendar months from the date of fuch bonds, the danger of the feas and enemies excepted: and if any fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation to any place within the limits of the Eqft India company’s charter, fuch bonds (hall not be delivered up, cancelled, or difcharged, until a like certificate (hall be produced, under the hands and feals of the governor and council at and for the place where fuch goods (hall be landed; and the condition of all fuch bonds (hall be to produce fuch certificates within thirty calendar months from the date of fuch bonds, the danger of the feas and enemies excepted : and in cafe any fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation to any parts beyond the feas in Africa, fuch bonds (hall not be delivered up, cancelled, or difcharged, until a like certificate (hall be produced,under the hand and feal of the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, if any fuch officer (hall be eftablifhed at the place where fuch goods (hall be landed; and if no fuch officer (hall be eftablifhed there, then and in that cafe not until a like certificate (hall be produced, under the hand and feal of the Britifb conful, or other perfon adting as fuch,, at the place where fuch goods (hall be landed ; and the condition of all fuch bonds as (hall be given for the exportation of fuch goods to any part of Africa, where any officer of the cuftoms (hall or may be eftablifhed, or where any Britifh conful, or perfon a&ing as fuch, may be refident, (hall be to produce fuch refpe&ive certificates within eighteen calendar months from the date of fuch bonds: and if fuch goods (hall be entered for exportation to or landed at any part of Africa, where no officer of the cuftoms (half be eftablifhed, or no Britifb conful, or perfon adling as fuch, (hall be refident, then and in that cafe fuch bonds (hall not be delivered up, cancelled, or difcharged, until proof is made by the oath of the mafter and mate, or other perfon having the charge of the (hip or veflel during the voyage in which fuch goods were exported, that the (hid goods, and every part thereof, were fairly landed or difpofed of in or on fome part of the coaft of Africa, and had not been relandcd in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ides of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro ; and by the oath of the merchant exporter, if living, that, to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, the faid goods had been landed or difpofed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath made by the mafter and mate, or other perfon taking the charge of the (hip or vef-fel during the voyage, and have not been brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro \ which oaths (hall be made within eighteen calendar months from the date of each refpe&ive bond, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms for the port where fuch bond was given, who are hereby refpec-tively authorifed and impowered to adminiftcr the fame: and in cafe no fuch certificates (hall be refpe&ively produced, or proof made as aforefaid, within the refpe&ive times herein-before

E c 4

mentioned*

Digitized by

Commanders of Britifti or Irifti veflels, within 10 days after

39S	Anno	decimo	Teptimo	Georgii	III.	c. 42.	[1777-

mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the commHBoners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, or arty three or more of them refpe<ftively, to caufe fuch bonds to be put in '	fuit, unlefs they (hall find Sufficient caufe to forbear the fame,

any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And it is hereby further erratfted by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, where any Briti/b or lrifl) (hip or veflel (hall fail from Great Britain or Irt-arrival at any, land, or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, to any port port in the or p|ace *m the Balticl, where any conful now is or hereafter may aBritilhcon-* be appointed for his Majefty’s fubjedfs trading thither, the ful retides, mafter, commander, or other perfon having the charge of fuch (hall deliver to (hip or veflel, (hall, within ten days after the arrival of fuch (hip him, in writ- or v*fTel at fuch port or place, deliver to the faid conful refiding cufars ofTheir *^erc* or *9 fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed cargo, etc. for that purpofe by him, a true manifeft in writing, upon oath, fpecifying the particulars of the whole cargo of fuch Ihrpor vef-fel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the fame, if unloaded or delivered there, or of fuch part thereof as (hall be fo unloaded or delivered there, and to whom configned; which oath fuch conful, or other perfon or perfons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby refpedlively impowered and required to adminifter gratis; and in cafe any mafter, commander, or other perfon having the charge of any fuch (hip or veffel, fhall negletft or refufe to deliver fuch manifeft in the manner herein dire<fted, fuch conful, or other perfon or perfons appointed by him, (hall, and they are hereby refpeeftively aurhorifed and required to detain the clearance outwards of fuch (hip or veffel, and not to give or deliver any difpatch, paflport, or bill of health, for any fuch (hip or veflel. pefendants,in ^ VI. And be it further eha<fted by the authority aforefaid, That 5ng to this aft, ^ any a<^on or fuit	commenced	againft	any	perfon	or

may plead thePerf°ns f°r any thing done in purfuance of this athe defen-general iffue, dant or defendants in fuch aeftion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this a<ft and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a<ft : and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant and defendants $ and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, ordifeon-tinue his aeftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verditftor demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have; the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

C A P. XLII.

An aft for preventing abufesin the mating and vending brich

and tiles.

Preamble. W H ER E	made for regulating the	it-

T f menftom of bruts for /ale, and for fixing the lengths, breadths,

'	end

and recover treble colls.

S

Digitized by

Google

1777*1 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III. c.42.	399

and thickneffes of pantiles, have expired,	f Arr* iV at prefent no

provifion made by any law for that purpofe: and whereas many inconveniences have arifen to the publick by frauds committed in lejfening the fize of bricks under their ufual proportion without any diminution of price: for remedy whereof and for the common good and benefit of your Majefiy's fubjefis, may it pleafc your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enatfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from After July 1, and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and i777»aH brick* feventy-feven, all bricks which (hall be made or burnt for falc in any part of England, (hall, when burnt, be not lefs than eight |*nbe g^alf inches and an half long, 'and not lefs than two inches and an inches long, half thick, and not lefs than four inches wide; and that all pan- * i*haif thick, tiles which (hall, from and after the faid firft day of July, one and *■ Wlde> thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, be made for fale in a"d all pan-any part of England, fhall, when burnt, be not lefs than thir- inches bng* teen inches and an half long, and not lefs than nine inches and 9 f_half wide, an half wide, and not lefs than half an inch thick.	,	and half an

. II. And be it further enadfed. That all and every perfon and inch thick, perfons who, at any time or times from and after the faid firft Penalty on dayt)f Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, making bricks fhall make any bricks or pantiles for fale, which, when burnt, or tiles of left fhall be of lefs dimenfions in length, breadth, or thicknefs, than dmi*n 0D,# the fame are herein-before prefcribed to be, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every thoufand of bricks, and the fum of ten (hillings for every thoufand of pantiles, and	'	-

fo proportionably for a greater or lefler number of bricks or pantiles that fhall be fo made for fale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this afl.

III.	And be it further enadled. That the fize of the fieve$ or Mafliesof fereens for fifting or fereening fea coal afhes to be mixed with

brick earth in the making of bricks, fhall not exceed one quarter ™an a quarter of an inch between the mafhes of fuch fieve or Screen.	of an inch

IV.	And,for preventing all combinations amongtl any brick-makers afundcr.

or tile-makerS) in order to advance or inhance the price of bricks or ah contra&s

tiles, be it further enadted, That all and every contradf or con- for ingrofllng

tradts, covenant or covenants, agreement or agreements, whe- °J Wricks and*

ther the fame be in writing or not, heretofore made or entered

into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any frCje fa{”s •

brick-maker or tile-maker, or any other perfons whatfoever thereof, etc.

concerned or interefted, or to be concerned or interefted, in the foall he void.

making of any bricks or tiles for fale, for ingrofllng of bricks

and tiles, or for reftraining or hindering any perfon or perfons

whomsoever, from freely felling the fame, or for limiting or

fixing any certain price or prices, under which the fame fhall

not be fold, fhall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null,

and void, to all intents and purpofes: and if any brick-make^ P^hy

or tile maker, or other perfon concerned or interefted, or to be

concerned or interefted, in the making of bricks or tiles for fale, juiyi,^*/,

(hall (hall enter in*

Die jed by

Google

400	Anno	decimo	feptimo Georgii III. 0.42, [1777.

to, fign, or (hall at any time after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand Comintern, feven hundred and feventy feven, keep up, continue, a<5 in, tia6t.UC C°n" make> enter into, fign, feat, or be knowingly interefted or concerned in any fuch contrad, covenant, or agreement, hereinbefore declared to be illegal, null, and void, or (hall knowingly act or officiate therein as clerk, agent, or fervant, to or for any perion fo contracting, agreeing, or adling, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, every perfon fo offending fhafl forfeit and pay in. manner following; (that is to fay,) every brick-maker or tile maker, or other perfon concerned or inte-refted in making bricks or tiles for fale, the fum of twenty pounds; and every clerk, agent, or fervant, the fum of ten pounds ; one moiety of which penalties (hall go and be applied to the poor of the parifh where the offence fhall be committed, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame, within fix calendar months next after the faid offence ' fhall have been committed ; to be recovered, with full cods of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, wherein no effoin,

-	wager	of	law,	or	protedion, (hall be allowed, or more than one

imparlance given.

Penalties and V. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the firft foi feitures day of Jufy% one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, all niay be levied penalties and forfeitures inflided or authorifed to be impofed, by diitrcfsj the manncr 0f levying of which harh not been otherwife provided for, (hall and may, upon proof of the offences refpedively, and convidion before any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, be levied by did refs and falc of the goods and chattels of the party or parties offending, by warrant or warrants under '	the	hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus, if any,

after deduding the faid penalties and foi feitures, and the charges of fuch diftrefs and falc, to the owner or owners of fqch goods and chattels; and fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and impow-ered to hear and determine the fame, either by confeflion of the party or parties, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, and is alfo authorifed and required to grant fuch warrant for the pur-pofes aforefaid, and to adminiftcr fuch oath gratis; and all fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall from time to time be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offender or offenders (hall live; or in cafe fufficient diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorifed and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, for the county, riding, divifion, or place where the matter (hall arife, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unlefs fuch penalties and forfeitures, and all reafonable charges, (hall be fooner paid.

VI,	And be it further enadted. That all and every juftice qr

juflictf

and (hall he paid, half to the informer, and halt to the poor of the parilh.

On failure of d lit refs, offender to be committed.

How juftices to proceed tor

Digitized by VnOOQle

1777-3 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgh III. c, 42.	401

juftices of the peace, before whom any perfon or petfons (hall be convi&ionof convi&ed of any offence againft: this ad, (hall and may caufe offenders, the convi&ion to be drawn up in the following form of \vords, or in any form of words to the fame effect, as the cafe may be videlicet:

BE it remembered, That on the	day of form of con-

iu the year of our Lord	viftion.

A. B. is convitted before me C. D. one of his Majefys juftices of the peace for-the county ox place, (as the cafe may be;) [fpecifying the offence,time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be. J

Given under my hand and feal, the day and year aforefaid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no information penalty infli&ed by this ad, in refped of the dimenfions of to be laid bricks or tiles, (hall be recovered, unlefs the information (hall within a be laid within the fpace of one calendar month next after the ddlve-fale or delivery of fuch bricks or tiles, nor (hall any perfon bery# ctc, liable to more than one penalty for any one offence.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or per- Perfons ag-fons (hall think him, her^ or themfelves aggrieved by any thing grieved may done in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may, aPP»l to the within the fpace of four calendar months after the caufe °f 2pn[tcr feU complaint (hall have arifen, appeal to the juftices of the peace * at any general quarter feflions of the peace, for the county, : riding, divifion, or place, wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife, fuch appellant giving, or caufing to be given, twenty-one entire days notice, at the leaft, in writing, of his, her, or their °n ghring it intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the caufe or matter there- dayanotice, of, to the perfon or perfons whofe ads are complained againft; and within eight days after fuch notice, entering into a recognisance before fome fuch juftice as aforefaid, with two fufficient ' fecurities, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the juftice* at fuch quarter feftions; and the faid juftices,upon due proof of the notice fo given, and of the recognizance fo taken, (hall proceed to hear and determine the caufesand matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the party appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices (hall think proper, and the deter- Determinati-tnination of fuch quarter feftions (hall be binding and conclufiveon of the fef« to all intents and purpofes; and no order made, concerning any ^onstobc of the matters aforefaid, or any other proceedings, to be hadfana-touching the convi&ion of any offender againft this a<ft, (hall be qualhed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at WeJlmitjfter.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Preamble.

Aft i% Car.* recited.

Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1777. CAP. XLIII.

An dH for repealing the eleventh rule in the boek of rates, Jo far at the fame relates to making any allowance upon the importation cf damaged currants and raifins, and for making the importer cf fucb goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the Afaid rule with refpeft to fucb allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britifh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft 'Indies, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by the eleventh rule in the book of rates, annexed and referred to by an a ft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majfly King Ovaries the Second, (intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported) which has been continued by feveral fubfequent alts of parliament, and is now in forte, excepting fucb alterations os have been fince made with refpeft to wines and tobacco, it is provided, That if any tobacco, or other goods or merchandize, brought into this kingdom, /ball receive any damage by fait-water, or otherwife,fo tbit the owner thereof /hall be prejudiced in the fale of fucb goods, the principal officers of the cujlom-houfe, or any two of them, whereof the collefior for the time being to be one,Jhall have power to chufe two in-. different merchants, experienced in the value of fuch goods, who, upon vift ting the faid goods, Jball certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths firjl adminijlered by the faid officers, what damage fuch goods have received, and are leffened in their true value$ and according to fuch damage, in relation to the rates fet on them in the faid book of rates, the faid officers are to make a proportionable abatement, unto the merchant or owner, cf the fubfidy due for the fame: and whereat frequent difputes do arife between the officers of the cufioms and tht merchants in adjujling the allowances which currants and raifins may deferve and be entitled to, it having been found by experience extremely difficult to dijlinguifb what damage fuch goods have received by unavoidable aaident in the courfe of the voyage, from the natural and confequential decay fome of thefe articles are particularly liable to from heating, if of an inferior quality, or packed in bad condition before they are flopped in foreign parts, which has put the merchants, trading in thefe commodities at different ports in this kingdom, upon a very unequal footing, and been very prejudicial to the publici revenue: now, for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent niajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tuar and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament After June *4, afl*embled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and rufe7inti|he,Ith a^lcr ^wenty-tourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-feven, the faid eleventh rule, annexed to the faid book of rates, fo far as the feme relates to currants and raifins, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, made void, and (hall no longer be put in praftice; any thing in the faid aft of tonnage and poundage, or in any other aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II .And

book of rates, fo far as it re lates to currants anti rai (ins, fhali be repea.cd.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1777*1 Anno decimo feptimoGEORGH ITI. C.43.	403

II.	And whereas it may be nafonable to make the merchants im- Certain deporting fuch goods a certain compenfation for the allowance they would	^

be intitled to out of the feveral duties, in proportion to the different JJlnjes payable damage Juch goods may be liable to9 whereby the revenue may be col- on the impor-ledled with greater certainty, and not fo liable to abufe, be it farther tation of cur-enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the ra.llts ami faid twenty-fourth day of June9 it fhall and may be lawful fof raims‘

the proper officers of the cuftoms, at the feveral ports in this kingdom, to make the following abatement or deduction, from the net amount of the duties payable upon the importation of the feveral goods herein-after exprefied, to the merchant or merchants importing the fame; that is to fay, for currants, eight pounds per centum; for raifins folis, one pound centum; for Smyrna raifins, fix pounds per centum; for Lipari> Faro, Belvidere, and great of Ltxia raifins, ten pounds per centum; and for Denia raifins, twenty pounds per centum 5 which faid feveral abatements (hall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all former allowances fuch goods were refpeftively intitled to in confideration of any damage whatfoever $ any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- No ^bateroent faid. That, from and after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, t{Je du^es oil” one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, no abatement any other

or allowance fhall be made in the duties for any other goods goodi, by vir-whatfoever, by virtue or in purfuance of the faid eleventh rule	^d

in the book of rates herein-before recited, for or on account of lef* the impor-any damage fuch goods may have received, unlefs the importer ter (hall prove or owner of fuch goods fhall prove, to the fatisfaftion of the they are da-commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London or Edinburgh JP*gcd refpeftively, or to the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms e°™CaCCI Cn * at the out-ports of this kingdom where fuch goods may be imported, that fuch goods are damaged, and are leflened in their true value, by means of fome unavoidable accident which happened to them during the courfe pf the voyage, after fuch goods' were fhipped and laden in foreign parts on board fuch fhip or veflel importing the fame, and before fuch goods were landed m this kingdom; any thing in the faid rule, or any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas, by an aft. of parliament, made in the thirteenth An aft of 15 and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (inti- & 14 Car. *. tuled, An aft againft exporting of fheep, wool, wool-fells, mort- rcs,tcd‘ lings, fhortlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, * fullingclay, and tobacco-pipe clay,) and by feveral other a 61 s of parliament which are now in force, the exportation of tobacco-pipe

clay from this kingdom into foreign parts is prohibited: and whereas

tobacco-pipe clay is abfolutely neceffary and ufeful in the cleaning and

improving of powdered fugars, and is at this time very much wanted

for that purpofe in the Britifh fugar colonies and plantations in the

Weft Indies, and it is expedient to permit the exportation thereof to

the faid colonies for a limited time; be it therefore enafted by the

authority aforefaid, That, fiom and after the twenty-fourth, day From June,*»

of‘777, to June

Digitized by

404

*4-« * 779> tobacco pipe clay may be „ exported to the Btitilh fu-

colonie3

m rhe Welt Indies.

Preamble.

A&sai Geo.i. further continued for four years.

Anno decimo leptinio CrEORGti III. c. 44. [1777.

of June* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to export, from any port in this kingdom, any quantity of tobacco-pipe clay to any Britifh fugar colony or plantation in the Weft Indies, in any (hip or veflel that may lawfully trade thither; any thing in the laid recited ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding,

CAP. XLIV.

An all to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to eft-c cur aging the making of indico in the Britifh plantations in America ; to the regi/lering the prices at which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported ; to encouraging the manufalluring of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak hark, when the price of fuck bark Jhall exceed a certain rate \ to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the ifland of Dominica into any other of the Britifh iflands, colonies, or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britifh-made cordage.

WHEREAS the laws herein-after mentioned have, by experience, been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that ir may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an 2d, made in the twenty-firrt year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An all for encouraging the making of indico in the Brmfc plantations in America, which was to continue in force for feven years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the tl;en next feflion of parliament; and which, by another ad of the twenty-eiehth year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, is further continued, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-fix, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by another ad, made in tiie third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all to continue and amend two alls, made in the twenty-firji and twenty eighth years of his late Majejlys reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the Britifh plantations in America\ and fir extending the provifions of an all of the thirtieth year of his late Mo-jc/iy's reign, with refpdl to bringing prize-goods into this kingdom, to Spanifh prize goods taken fincc the late declaration of war with Spain, is further continued tram the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred ami feventy, and from thence to the end of the then next felfionof parliament; and which, by another ad, made in the tenth year

of

Digitized by ^ ooQle

,777*1 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 44.	405

of the reign of his prefent Majefty, is further continued until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion or parliament; (hall be, and the fame, together with all the provifions, regulations, reftri&ions, powers, and claufes, mentioned in the faid recited adt of the third year of his prefent Majefty, fo far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of indico in the Britijb plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforefaid, That A ft 10 Geo.

an adt, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, 3* further intituled, An att for regiflering the prices at which corn is fold in the ^J^nu®ars°r fevcral counties oj Great Britain, and the quantity exported and im-	C y

ported, which was to continue in force for fevefi years, and from

thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of feven years, and frofri thence to the end pf the then next feflion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Aft uGeo.

That an adt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent 3* further Majefty, intituled, An at1 for encouraging the manufacture of lea-	for

tker, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak-bark,	y

when the price of fuch bark Jball exceed a certain rate> for a limited timey which was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That So much of aa fo much of an adt, made in the thirteenth year of the reign Qf

his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft, ^ exporting made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled\ timber from An adt for opening and eftablifhing certain ports in the iflands Dominica to

of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and ex-1!}*

-	•	^	•	11 _______	1	>•/*	/	.*	iflands,	etc.

portation of certain goods and merchandtfes; for granting cer- in America.

tain duties to defray the cxpences of opening, maintaining, fe-further contt-curing, and improving fuch ports; for afeertaining the duties tonued for five be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ifland ofycars* Dominica into this kingdom; and for feeuring the duties upon goods imported from the faid ifland into any other Britijb colony; and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the faid if and of Dominica into any other of the Britifh iflands y colonies, orpUnta-tionsin America, for a limited time; as relates to allowing timber and wood to be exported from the ifland of Dominica into any	»

other of the Britijb iflands, colonies, or plantations in America for a limited time, which was to continue in force until the fiift day cf November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the enc of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued, from the ex-

0	piration

Digitized by Google

40 6

Aft 6 Geo. 3. further continued for four years.

Preamble.

Afts 3 Geo. 1 recited.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. 45.	[	1777.

piration thereof, until the firft day of November, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an act, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An oft for allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britilh-made cordage ; and for difeontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rougb'bemp exported; which was to be in force from the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which, by another aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was amended, and further continued for the term of three years ; and which, by another aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, ifom the expiration thereof, for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An aft for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papijls, and for relief of protejlant pur chafers.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft of parliament, paffed in the third year of the reign of his late majejly King George the . Firft, intituled, An aft for explaining an aft, pafled in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft to oblige papijls to regijler their names and real eflates\ and for enlarging the time for fuch regiftering \ and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants; it -was enabled^ That) from and after the twenty-ninth day ^/'September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven-teen9 no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any intereji thereby or rent or profit thereout ,fhould pafs, alter or change, from any papifi, or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, by any deed or will, except fuch deed) within fix months after the date, and fuch will, within fix months after the death of the teflat or, fhould be enrolled in one of the kings courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties wherein the manorSy lands, and tenements lit) in fuch manner as therein, for that purpofe, is dire ft ed: and whereas} by feveral afts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his faid Mo-jefiy’s reigny and in the thirdy fixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fix* teenthy nineteenth, twenty fixth, twenty-eighth, thirty-firjl, and thirty-third years of his late majefty King George the Second; and the fecond, fourth, feventh, twelfth, and fourteenth years of his prefint Majejifs reign, it was enabled. That every deed and will, made find the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventeen, in order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft therein, or any rent or prop thereout, from any papifi, or perfon prof effing the popijh religion, to any protejlant or protejlants, or by reafon of which deed or will onj

a	prf

Digitized by

Google

1777-] Anno dcomo fcptimo GeoROii III. c.45.'	407

protejlant or protejiants mdy claim or derive any legal, equitable, or otter interejl wbatfoever, to bis, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other protejlant or prote-flams, though not inroiled, or not inroiled in due time, Jhould be as good and effectual in law as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the timet limited by the faid claufes in the faid afts for the inr oilmen: thereof \ provided the faid deeds anfi wills Jhoufd bet inrolled on or before the firfi day cf January, one thoufand fruen hundred and feventyfive, in fuch manner as by the faidclaufe in the fir ft-mentioned aft is dtrefted: be it enacted by the *

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That every deed and will, made fince the twenty-ninth day of Deeds and September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen, in older topafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or be- Jnad’e reditaments, or any intereft therein, or any rent or profit there- Sept. 29.1717, out, from any £apift, or perfon profefling the pophh religion, toto be good in any proteftant or proteftants, or by reafon of which deed or will aVcfore any proteftant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, jjn* f>,C77s# equitable, or other intereft whatfoever to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, (hall be as good and effedual in thfc law as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid ads for the inrollmertt thereof; provided the fame deeds and wills (hall be inrolled on or before the firft/day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight, in fuch manner as by the faid claufc in the faid firft-mentioned ad is directed.

II.	Provided always. That -nothing herein contained (hall This aA not extend, or be conftrued to extend,#to give effect to any deed,*.0 e*tcnd to will, or other inftrument, the want of inrollment or validity v^idtrytC ^ whereof has already been brought in queftion, in any adion or whereof has fuit commenced or profecuted in any court of law o-r equity. already been

III.	And whereas many purchafcs made by protejiants may be brought in danger of being impeached or called in queftion, in regard that feme<lue 10,1 * deeds or wills, through whuh the title thereto is derived, ought to have

been inrolled according to the faid afts, but have not been Jo inrolled: be it therefore further enaded by the authority eforefaid, That Purchaf<s no purchafe made for full and valuable confideration of anymadc by promanors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or ofhca^tU^on any intereft therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and merely account of the and only for the benefit of the proteftants, (hall be impeached title-deeds or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as re-etc quired by the faid ads, fo as no advantage .was taken of inroll- e C‘ ment thereof before iuch purchafe was made, and fo as no decree or judgement (hall have been obtained for want of the inrollment of fuch deeds or wills.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall exfend,This aA not

VoL. XXXI.	Ff	or« mafce good

not having bren inrolled,

Digitized by Google

4p8	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii	IIT. c. 46.	[1777.

any grant of or be conftrued to extend, to make good any grant, leafe, or

the right of mortgage, of the advowfon or right of prefentation, collation,

prefeutation	b.	’	,	r	5*	r. c * ,	,	*

to any bene- nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, or

lice, etc. in cccleliaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, or any avoid-truft tor any ance thereof made by any papift, or perfon profefiing the popilh papift*	religion, in truft, direftly or indirectly, mediately or immedi-

ately, by or for any fuch papift, or perfon profefling the popilh religion, whether fuch truft hath been declared by writing or not.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft for railing a certain film of money by way of annuities, and for , eltablifhing a lottery.

Preamble. 5,000,000!. to be railed by annuities, and 500,000!. by a lottery. Contributors to the 5,000,000!. to be intitled to certain annuities $ which (hall be charged upon the finking fund. Every contributor of 1001 (hall, upon payment or 10I. more, be intitled to a lottery ticket. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and depofits made, purf'uant to a refolution of the houfe of commons. All perfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the aforefaid refolution, are required to piy the remainder of their fubferiptions at certain times fpecified. Subfcribers to the annuities to be allowed intereft for atl monies paid in advance. Subfcribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their fubferiptions, (hall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subfcribers to the 5,000,000!. intituled to an annuity of 4I. per cent, for 10 years, etc. and an annuity of 10 s. for ten years only. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the - bank of England, etc. Calhier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received 5 which (hall be afiignable, etc. Calhier to rive fecurity, to the good liking of the commifiioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commifiioners of the treafury smpowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. A book to by provided in the accountant-general's office, m which contributors names (ball be entered, etc. Subfcriptions paid in part, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the publick. As foon as contributors have completed tbeir payments, the fums fubferibed (hall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Contributors who (hall pay 301. per cent, of their fubferip-tions, on or before June 30, 1777, (hall have an annuity of 10 s. for every 1001. fubferibed, to continue fasten years. Annuities granted by this aft charged upon the finking fund. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief calhier, and accountant general. Monies to be ilfued at the exchequer to the chief calhier, for payment of annuities created by this aft. Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate. Books to be kept by the accountant-gene-ral, wherein (hall be entered all transfers of (urns advanced on this a#. Method of transferring. The annuities of 10s. per cent, perann. (hall be a fe par ate (lock from the other annuities, ferfons poffTefffed of ttock may devife the fame by will, etc. Commifiioners of the treafury to difebarge all incidental charges attending the execution of this aft. After the expiration of 10 years, from April 5, 1777,00 fix months notice, and repayment by parliament, etc. annuities to ceafe. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. $00,0001, to be raifed by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this fefiion. Managers and direftors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books* Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafiiters of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Ca(biers to return the books, with the un-difpoied tickets, with an account of monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A.) Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be jfrinted. Tile number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001, to each

fifft-

Digitized by Google

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 47,48.	409

firft drawn ticket of the fi>ft ten day*, and 10001. to the laft drawn.

Tickets of the outermoft columns of the laft-mentioned hooks to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice 10 he gi^en of putting the tickets into «he boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 17, 1777. Method to be cb-ferved in drawing, etc* Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjuded by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, etc Felony. Offenders (not in prifon) difcovering per-fons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. Managers to be fworn. The oath. Cafhier may receive the fums fubfcribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which (hall entitle the bearer to a ticket for dvery 10I. fo paid. Contributors not makjng good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their dcpofits with refped to the lottery; and the tickets for fucb fums to be delivered into the exchequer. Comnoifiioners of the treafury may reward the managers, etc. as they (hall think fit. Limitation of the fale of chances, etc. Penalty.

Office-keepers, etc. felling (hares in tickets of which they are not potfTfled, forfeit 5001. and fuft'er three months ini prifon ment. No perfon mall keep any office for the fale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of sol. Offenders may be proieoited in the Vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by did refs, etc. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until fufficient furety is given to profecute the fame with effect, etc. This a& not to prejudice the privileges and juri/di&ions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland againft Britifh a&s for preventing unlawful lotteries, made puntthabie : penalties may be fued for in Dublin. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any dedu&ion, on March 1, 1778, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and figned, etc. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, &c..on penalty of sol. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. XL VII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum Of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned lor the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventv (even; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft for rendering more effeftual an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for promoting the difcovery of a method for finding the longitude at fea% fo far as relates to the. encouragement and reward of perjons making leffer difiover 'res for finding the fame, or making other ufeful difcoveries and improvements in navigation j and to the making of experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an at?, made in the fourteenth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefiyy (intituled, An a<5t for the repeal of all J4Geo. 3V former ads concerning the longitude at fea, except fo much thereof recited, as relates to the appointment and authority of thecommiflioncrs thereby conftituted, and alfo fuch claufesasrehteto theconftrud-ing? printing, publifhing, vending, and licenfing of nautical almanacks and other ufeful tables; and for the more effectual encouragement and reward of fuch perfon and perfons as (hall difeover a method for finding the fame, or Ihall make ufeful difcoveries in

F f 2	na-

Digitized by

Google

jC

4io

/

Cpnrmiffioo-crt of the navy, on being certified by the com * miffioners of longitude of the probability of any

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 48. f 1777.

navigation; and for the better making experiments relating thereto;) the commiffioners for the difeovery of longitude at fea were authorifed and impowered to hear and receive any propofal or propofols for difcovering the faid longitude, or for making any other ufeful improvement in navigation; and in cafe they fhould think it proper to taufe experiments to be made thereof then to certify the fame, together with the names of the author or authors of fueh propofal or propofols, under their hands and feats, to the commiffioners of the navy; and were alfo authorifed and impowered, in cafe they fhould adjudge ^nj pefon or perfons to have made any difeovery for finding the longitude at Jea, which, though not of fo great ufe as to be intitled to any of the great rewards in the faid recited a SI fpecified, yet that the faid difeovery was of confderable ufe to the publick, or to havg made any other difeovery or dif over ies, improvement or improvements, ufeful to navigation ; then to certify from time to time, under their bands and feeds, to the faid commiffioners of the navy, fueh lefs reward or fum or fums of money as they the faid commiffoners for'the difeovery of longitude fhould think reafonable to he paid to fueh perfon or perfons; and the faid commiffioners of the navy were thereby authorifed and required te make out a bill or bills upon the treafurer of the navy, for fueh fum or fums of money as the faid commiffioners for the difeovery of longitude fhould think nccejfary for making fueh experiments, or for rewarding in a lejfer degree lejfer dijeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or any other dijeoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation; which fum or fums of money the faid treafurer was thereby authorifed and required to pay immediately to fueh perfon or perfons, his or their executors, adminiflrators, or ajfigns, out of the money that fhould be in bis the faid treafurer's hands unapplied to the ufe of the navy: and whereas, by reafon of feveral payments made by the treafurer of the navy to feveral perfons in purfuance of the directions of the faid off, the faid commiffioners for the difeovery oflongitude have nearly expendtd the whole of the fum of five thoufand pounds granted by the faid off for the purpofes aforejatd: and whereas, if proper encouragement and rewards were continued to be given to fueh ingenious perfon or perfons as fball make any difeovery for finding the longitude at fea, which, though not of fo great ufe as to be entitled to any of the great rewords in the faid recited aft Jpecified, fball neverthelefs be adjudged, by the commiffioners for the difeovery of longitude, to be of confderable ufe to the publick, or who fball make other ufeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, it would contribute to the advantage of the trade and to the honour of this kingdom; may it therefore pleafe your Majcfty that it may be cnatfed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners for the difeovery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and authority, whenever they (hall be fatisfied of the probability of any propofal or propofals that (hall be made to them for difeo-vering the faid longitude, or making any other ufeful difeovery and improvement in navigation, fo as to think it proper to caufe

experi-

Digitized by Google

t

1777.] Anno decimo fcptimo GeorGII III. C. 49.	411

experiments to be made thereof, to certify the fame to the com- propofols for mitfioners of the navy; and alfo in cafe they (hall adjudge any ^eTThude

!)erfon of perfons to have made any difcovery for finding the 0‘lguu e* ongitude at fea, which, though not of fc great ufe as to be in-titled to any of the great rewards in the find recited aft fpecified, yet that the faid oi covery is of confiderable ufe to the publ;ck, or to have made any other difcovefy or difcoveries, improvement or improvements, ufeful to navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, as they the faid commiflioners for the difcovery of longitude (hall think reafonable to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons; and the commiflioners of the navy are flull order a hereby authoriled and required to make out a bill or bills upon reward to be the treafurer of the navy, for fuch fum or fums as (hall be fo Pa'd to the certified to them by the faid commiflioners for the difcovery of fochpropo-longitude; and the faid treafurer of the navy is hereby authorifed &1«. * and required to pay immediately fuch fum or fums, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners for the difcovery of longitude to make fuch experiments, or to receive fuch lefs reward or fum or fums of money for making leffer difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or any other difcoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, out of any money which (hall be in his the faid treafurer’s hands unapplied to the ufe of the navy.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That all fuch fum or The fum* to fums of money as (hall be paid by the treafurer of the navy, by he paid by virtue of this aft, for the purpofes of making fuch experiments Jfttune0°ft*his as aforefaid, and of rewarding in a leffer degree leffer difcoveries exceed 5,0001, for finding the longitude at fea, and alfo other difcoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, do not all together exceed the fum of five thoufand pounds.

III.	Provided alfo. That fuch fum or fums (hall be certified. The fumt to and fuch bills (hall be made out, and payment thereof made, iq he certified, fuch manner, and under the fame regulations and provifions, *][!!)£* as are in and by the faid recited aft preferibed, with regard to able to tfie °" the fum of five thoufand pounds, by the faid aft made applicable regulations of to the encouragement and reward of fuch perfon or perfons as the above-(hould make leffer difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, recite<* or make other ufeful difcoveries and improvemeuts in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. JfylX.

An aft to enable the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury to compound a debt due to the crown from the eftate of William Harry detested, and bis fureties.



CAP.

Digitized by t^oosLe

4

412

Anno decimo feptimo Ge jrgii 111. C-50. [1777-

Pieamble.

C A P. L.

jin aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences, to bi taken out by all per Jons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, boujes, goods, and other things, fold by auction ; and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inftruments.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majeftfs moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament cjjcmbled, think that it would be for the advantage of the publick that all perfons vfing or exercifing the trade or buftnefs of an auctioneer fhould be obliged to take out a licence for that purpofe,fpecifying their names and places of abode re-JpeCtively, and to grant unto your MojeJly a duty upon fuch licences, and alfo a certain rate upon all Jales of any eftates, goods, or effeCfs yobatfoever, Jdld by way of auction, as hereinafter mentioned; and therefore do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. After Sept 19, fend by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the every	twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and

w^thinnthe?	feventy-feven, every perfon exercifing the trade or bufinefs of an

bills of morta- auctioneer, within the cities of London and Weflminftcr, and the lity, to pay weekly bills of mortality, (hall yield and pay annually, to and aos. annually* f0r the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for a licence to life and exercife the faid trade or bufinefs, the fum of twenty (hillings ; and every perfon exercifing the trade or bufinefs of an auctioneer, without the cities pf London and Weftminjler, and the weekly bills of mortality, (hall yield and pay annually, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for a licence to ufe and exercife the faid trade or bufinefs, the fum of five (hillings.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no per-fbn who (hall be authori ed by the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, to aft as a broker within the faid city, (hall be liable to the payment of any greater yearly fum fhan five (hillings, for a licence to act as an auctioneer within r&ioneers, the cities of London and Weftminjler, any thing in this act to the

No perfon, HI* And be it further enacted by the authority afore&id, after Stpr. 19, That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, no 1777, (hall aft perfon or perfons whatfoever, who now, or at any time or times 38 3n0r faftor hereafter, doth or (hall exercife the calling or occupation of an '•Mhefafe of* auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by commiffion, at any fale any eftates, of any eftates, goods, or effects whatfoever, by outcry, knocking etc without doty a of hamper, candle, by lot,. parcel, or any other mode of taking out a faje at au^j0n, or whereby the beft or higheft bidder is deemed ,ccncc'	be	the purchafer, or who (hall aft in any of the faid capacities,

(hall

and without the fajd bills, js. annually.

Brokers author! :ed by the lord mayor, etc. of London, mav aft as auftioneers, on

Digitized by v^ooQie

1777-1 'Aqno decimo fcptimo Geokgii I1L c.50.	41J

(hall prefume, by him, her, or ihemfelves, or by any otherper-ion or perfon* whatfoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, to deal in, vend, or fell any fuch eftates, goods, or effeCts whatfoever, by publick fale or otherwife, by way of auction, as aforelaid, in any manner whatfoever, without firft taking out a licence, in manner herein-after mentioned, before he, (he, or they, (hall fo put up {o fale, or fell any fuch eftates, goods, or effeCts, by publick (ale, by way of audion, as aforefaid ; and in which licence (hall be fet forth the true name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons taking out the fame; for which he, (he, or they (ball, immediately upon the taking out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, fo to be taken out from time to time, the faid feveral fums of twenty (hillings, and five (hillings, refpeCtively, over and befides any other duties or payments to which fuch perfon or perfons may be liable for trading in, vending, or felling any gold or filver plate, or otherwife, in manner following; that is to fay, If fuch .Certain per-licences be taken out within the limits or jurifdidion of the chief fons authori-office of excife in London, then fuch licences (hall be granted ***to Sr.ailt under the hands and feals of two or more of his majefty’s com* England|W xnifiioners for the duty of excife, for the time being, or of fuch * officer as the commidioners of excife (hall appoint for that pur-pofe* and the faid duty of twenty (hillings for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in London ; but if fuch licences (hall be tsvken out without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fuperviforsof expfe, within their refpeCtive collections and di-(triCts, and the faid duty of five (hillings for the fame (hall be paid, by all and every the perfons fo taking out fuch licences, at the office of excife next adjoining to the place where they refpec-tively refide or inhabit, or at any other place, and to fuch perfons as his Majefty’s commidioners of excife for the time being (hall appoint to deliver out fuch licences and to receive the faid duty: and in cafe fuch licences be taken out within the limits of the and in Scot-city of Edinburgh, fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands land, and feals of two or more of his Majefty^s commidioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, and the duty of five (hillings for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh* in the fame manner as is herein-before directed in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits or jurifdidion of the chief office of excife in London ; but if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any other pact of Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral colleCtcfrs and fupervifors of excife in Scotland, within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts, and the duties for" the fame (hall be paid in like manner as is herein-before directed with regard to the licences to be taken out in England, witnout the limits or jurifdiCtion of the chief office of excife in London; and fuch refpeCtive commidioners of excife, and the perfons ap-

!minted by them refpeCtively, and alfo all fuch collectors and upervifors are hereby refpeCtively authorifed and required to

Ff4	graat.

Digitized by Google

4H

Licences to be renewed, and, ao s. or 5 s. paid, every year :

Anno decirno feptimo GBORGII III. C.50. [1777-grant and deliver fuch licences to all perfons applying for the fame, upon their paying the feveral fums of twenty (hillings, and five (hillings, as aforefaid, refpecftively, fof, each and every fuch licence.

IV. And be it further enaeffed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon or perfons who (hall take Out any fuch licence as aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fre(h licence, ten days at leaft before the expiration of twelve calendar months after the taking out the firft licence, before fie, (he, or they do prefume to vend or fell by way of auction, as aforefaid, and in the fame manner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like him of twenty (hillings, or of five (hillings, refpe&ively, for each and every new or renewed licence, on penalty, if at the places and at the times before-mentioned : and if any per-within the fQn or perfons (hall prefume or offer to vend or fell by way of bills of rnor- au<cfcjorij as aforefaid, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner aforefaid,.fuch perfon or perfons (hall, if the offence (hall be committed within the cities of London or Weftminjier, or within the weekly bills of mortality, forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds j and if fuCh offence (hall be committed in any place without the limits aforefaid, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds. After Sept. 19, V. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That, 3777- certain from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, there (hall famlV Routes ra^e^» levied, cdlc<ff$d, and paid, in fuch manner as herein-etc. iold°by ^ter's mentioned, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all manner of fales by way of auction, as aforefaid, in Great Britain, the refpeeffive rates and duties herein-after expreffed ; (that is to fay) the fum of three-pence for every twenty (hillings of the purchafe-money arifing by fale at auction, of any intereft, in poffeffion or reverfion, in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or fums of money charged thereon, and of any utenfils in hofbandry and farming, (lock, (hips, and veffels, and of any reverfionary interCft in the publick funds; and the fum of fixpence for every twenty (hillings out of Jhe purchafe-money arifing by fale at audlion, of all furniture, fixtures, plate, jewels, pictures, books, horfes, and carriages,, and all other goods and chatties whatsoever; the faid refpedtive rates and duties to be paid by every fuch auctioneer, agent, user, *tc. out factor, or feller by commiffion, out of the monies arifing at each °flhC ?,,0(lacc and every fuch fale or auction, as aforefaid.

Eve/ auti VI. And K 1S^cr^Y ^urther enacted by the authority afore-»«r?with!n faid, That, fr°m and a^tcr the faid twenty-ninth day of September, each and every perfon acting as auctioneer as aforefaid, at every fuch pjblick fale or au6lion, in London, Wejiminjler, or in any other parts within the limits or jurifdiflion of the chief office of ivc iccu- exc*f° *n London, (hall, at the time of receiving fuch licence, give rhy^by bond Security, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the for too!, to fum of two hundred pounds, with two or more fufficient furew to hbMajefty, ties, which fecurity the faid £omtniiftoners for the duty of excife

.......•	'	'	'	*	jcfpe&ivety

tajity,of jool.

and, if without the bills, of 501.

autijn j

to be pa»4 by the audbo-

the limits of the chief office of excite in London, to give fccu*

Digitized by

Google

4*5

1777*1 Anno decimo feptlmoxGEORGli III. C.50.

rcfpcdtivcly for the time being, or any two or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners of excite refpe<5tively fhall appoint to deliver out fuch licences, and to receive the laid duties, is or are hereby authorized to take, that he will, within fourteen days after each and every fuch fale or that he will, auction, deliver to the perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed as within 14 days aforefaid, an exad and particular account in writing, of the total aJ^ion^eli-amount of the money bid at fuch fale, and of the feveral articles, ver a partial-lots, or parcels, which (hall have been fold, the price of each lar account article, lot, or parcel, in every fuch fale, and what article or ar- wr,l,“g of tides, lot or lots, parcel or parcels, if any, was or were.bought ' Z in by the owner, or by his diredion, (fuch direction to be ih the price of writing, and witnefled by the owner); and at the fame time each lot, etc-make payment of all fuch fumand fums of money as (hall be due and payable to his Majefty, in purfuance of, and according to, the true intent and meaning of this ad; which fum or fums of money he is hereby authorized and direded to retain out of the produce of each fale made as aforefaid; and fuch perfon, or the perfon ading as clerk at fuch fale (if any) (hall make oath of the truth of every fuch account, before the officer appointed to receive the faid duty, which oath fuch officer is hereby authorized and required to adminfter : and if it (hall appear to the fatisfac- And if it (hall tion of the faid commiflioners, or of the perfon or perfons fo ap- appear'tothe pointed by them in this behalf, as aforefaid, that the party giving fuch bond hath aded agreeably to the diredions of this ad, du- tha^the^ucT* ring the refpedive year for which his licence was to continue in tioneer hath relation whereto each bond (hall have been fo given; then, in aded agreea-each and every fuch cafe, they (hall caufe fuch bond to be deli- lr°.*|V* vered up; but in cafe no fuch account (hall be delivered as jhall bedelU herein-before mentioned, or if it (hall appear that any fuch ac- vered up; count was not truly made, or that the party hath aded contrary but if the con-tothfe true intent and meaning of fuch bond, and of thisprefent trary (hall ap-ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or the P®a/*»thre^on<* perfons fo appointed by them, as aforefaid, (un)efs they (hall cutedPetc?~ find fufficient caufe to forbear the fame), to caufe each and e-very fuch bond to be profecuted according to law; and thereupon, in cafe of a verdid or judgement againft the defendant, fuch licence (hall thenceforth become void to all intents and purpofes, and fuch defendant (hall from thenceforth be incapable of ever after having any fuch licence, and in cafe of ading under colour of any fuch licence (hall be liable to all the penalties which may be incurred by this ad for ading as an audioneer without licence.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Every au&io-faid. That each and every perfon fo ading as aforefaid, at every neer, without fuch publick fale or audion, in any other part of Great Britain, ^tali*

(hall, at the time of receiving fuch licence as aforefaid, give fe- JUsS give* curity by bond, as aforefaid, in the fum of fifty pounds; which bond*a* a-fecurity the colledors or fupervifors, or other officer to be ap- forefaid, for pointed for granting fuch licence as aforefaid, (hall, and they are 5°1‘ hereby authorized to take; that he will, within fix weeks after that he will, every fuch fale, deliver in an exad and particular account, as is w5th,in *

herein-week#after^ Digitized by Google

each foie, deliver in a particular account, eic.

A-pioneer may make it a condition of fo e, that tbe purchafer (hall pay the rate granted by this ad.

This aft not to alter any contra# between buyer and feller by audion, etc.

If the owner

of any eflate, dc. fold by audion, fhall be the pur-chafer, he (ball be allowed the duties;

provided notice be given to the aufti-oneer before the fale, etc, who (hall make oath of the fame, etc.

Anna decimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 5a [ 1777*

herein-before required fo be delivered by perfons vending or foiling by audion, within the bills of mortality, and fhall at the fame time make payment of all fuch fum and fulns of money as (hall be due and payable to his Majefty, for or on account of each fale by him,made, from time to time, within fuch fix weeks refpedively ; and all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein before prefenbed or contained, for the better levying, focuririg, or accounting for the faid duties, (hail be ob-ferved in the faid (Jveral collections and diftrids refpedively, as if the fame were again particularly repeated and re-enaded.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That nothing herein contained (ball extend, or be conftrued to reftrain any feller by audion, or perfon a ding as audioneer at any Tales by way of audion, from making it a condition of fale, that the pound-rate granted by this ad, or any certain portion thereof, fhall be paid by the purchafer, over and above the price bidden at fuch (ale by audion 5 and in fuch cafe, the perfon fo ad-ing as audioneer is herebv authorifed and required to demand pay/nent of the faid duty from fuch purchafer or purchafer*, or fuch portion thereof as exprefied in fuch condition or agreement, and upon negled or refufal to pay the fame, fuch bidding (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

IX.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to alter, change, determine, or make void, any other Condition, contrad, covenant, or agreement whatsoever, between any buyer or feller by audion, or any other perfon, touching the payment of any of the rates or duties hereby refpedively impo* fed, fo as the fame do not extend to the leffening or abatement of the full fum appointed by this ad to be railed, levied, colled* ed, and paid, as is herein-before mentioned and dire&ed, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwiihftanding.

X.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority afordaid, That incafe the real owner of any eftate, goods, or effeds, put up to fale by way of audion, (hall become the purchafer by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other perfon on his behalf, or for his ufe, at fuch fale, without fraud or coilufion, then and in fuch cafe the refpedive commit fioners of txcife in Great Britain, and fuch colledors, fupervifors, and other officers of excife, as are hereby refpedively authorised within their refpedive colledions and diQrids to receive the faid duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an allowance to fuch owner of the duties arifing by this ad upon fuch bidding; provided notice be given to the audioneer before fuch bidding, both by the owner and the perfon intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the fale, for the ufe apd behoof of the feller; and provided fuch notice be verified by the oath of the audioneer, as alfo the fairnefs and reality of the faid tranfadion, to the beft of his knowledge and belief: and in cafe any difputc fhall arife whether fuch purchafe by the owner was not made by coilufion, or in order tokffien the full fum appointed by this ad to be paid, or concerning the fairnefs of fpchtranfa^lion $ then,

*	*	antf

Digitized by Google

4*7

1777*1 Anno decimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 50.

and in fuch cafes the proof thereof (hall lie upon the perfon acting as auftioneer; and on failure therein, or in cafe of any unfair practice, then no fuch allowance (hall be made, as afore-(aid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enabled, That no- Certain fade* thing in this a<5t contained (hall extend to any fale or (ales by to which this way of auftion of eftates or chatties, made by any rule, or order, aft (hall not or decree, of his Majefty’s court of chancery, or of exchequer,cxt<nd* N in England, before the matters in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the faid court of exchequer; or by any order pr decree of the courts of feftton or exchequer in Scotland refpec-tively ; or at any fuch fales made by the Eajl India company, or the Hudfon's Bay company, or by order of his Majefty’s com-miflioners for the duty or cuftoms or of excife, or by order of the board of ordnance, or commiflioners of the navy and victualling, or any fuch fales of ettates or chattels, made by the (berifFin execution of judgements, or of goods diftrained for rent, or for nonpayment of tithes, or of goods and effects of bankrupts, fold by order of the attignees, under a commiflion of bankruptcy, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the This aft not

authority aforeiaid. That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be to extend	to ,

conftrued to extend, to charge with the faid tax or duty, any	(ale

goods imported into this kingdom by way of merchandize from from* any Brttijb colony or plantation in America, on the firft fale of ^yBnd&co-fuch goods, by or for the account of the original importer, to lonyinAmeri-whom the fame were configned, and by whom they were enter- ca, etc.

ed at the cuftom-houfe, at the port of importation, fo as fuch fale be made within twelve months after fuch goods (hall be fo imported; nor to any (hips, or their tackle, apparel, and furni- nor to (hips, ture, or the cargoes tnereof which may be taken and condemned etc. taken as as prize, which (hall be fold in this kingdom, by or for the be- ?r,17c}? #ri^ nent of the captors thereof; nor to any (hips or goods that may {^nefi^of the be wrecked or ttranded in this kingdom, and fold by auftion captors, etc. for the benefit of the infurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be fold free of duty to defray the charges of falvage; nor to nor to fales fales made for the benefit of creditors, by the direftion of any made for the deed or deeds, executed before the firft day of Aprils one thou- ® etc# fand feven hundred and feventy-feven 5 nor to fales made by	*

truftees, chofen in purfuance of an a ft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aB for rendering the payment of the creditors of infolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating fhe diligence of the law by arrefl-ment, and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to pro• mijfory notes, and for limiting attions upon bills and promiffbry notesy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland); any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained (hall Sales of ce*. extend to the (ale or fales of any eftate or eftates to he held by a eftates,

ieafe or leafes, or copy or copies of court rolls or entries, for a ife or Jives, pr for any term or terms of years \ or tp the fale or gVfludl not1*

fales extend. Digitized by Goode

4i8

Duties arifing by this aft to be paid into the exche-1 quer feparate from all o-thers.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be re covered and applied.

After Aug. i, 1777, an additional (tamp-duty ot 19. 6d. (hall be paid for every (kin of parchment, etc. for which is. is payable by aft 16 Geo.

3*

;

Additional (tamp duties to be paic| after July 5, 1777;

Anno decitno feptimo GeoRgii III. C.50. [1777.’

Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any contra# relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the fame, or to the fale of any materials ufed in the working of fuch mines or quarries refpcftively; or to the fafe of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufactured produce of land, fo as luch fale or Tales of woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilft they continue on the lands, producing the fame, and by the owner or owners of fuch lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, fuch mines or quarries refpcftively, or by his or their fleward or agent, flewards or agents; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further anafted by the authority aforefaid, That all the money arifing by the rates and duties refpeftively chargeable by this aft (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer at fVeJtminJter3 feparate and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

X V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed bv this aft, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated; by iuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, (not otherwife direfted by this aft) or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler% or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all neceflary Charges for the recovery thereof being firft dedufted) (hall be to his Majefty, his heifs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

Xyi. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Juguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleft-ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Gnat Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feve-ral rates and duties following; that is to fay, for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed (fave and except policies of infurance) for which a ftamp-duty of one (hilling is payable, by virtue of an aft made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, over and above all other rates and duties by the faid aft, or by any other aft of parliament impofed, an additional ftamp-duty of one (hilling and fixpence.

XVII. And be it further anafted by the authority aforefaid; That, from and after the fifth day of one thouland feven hundred and feventy-feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleft-ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the rates and duties following; (that is to fay), ■

For

/Google

Digitized by '

1777O Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c.50	419

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Conveyance, or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, (winder, etc. or printed, arty conveyance, furrender of grants or offices, releafe, xs* or other deed whatfoever, which (hall be inrolled of record in any of the courts at JVeJlminfler, or in any other court of record whatfoever, or by any Cujios Rotulorumy or clerk of the peace, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional ftamp-duty of two (hillings and fixpence:'

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Policy of in-or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or France for printed, in Great Britain, any policy of infurance, whereby the abovc looo* » property of one or more perfons in houfes and goods, or both, 5**

(hall be infured to a greater amount, in the whole, than one thoufand pounds, over and above the feveral duties by any a&s of parliament already impofed, an additional ftamp-duty of five (hillings:	'

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Copyhold or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or furrender,etc, printed, any furrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land 1S* 3 d* or tenement, within thofc parts of Great Britain called England, fPaleSy and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or any grant or leafe, by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honor or pianor, within the faid parts of Great Britain,

(other thamand except the original furrender to the ufe of a will, and the court roll or botfks wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrolled) over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional flhmp-duty of two (hillings and threepence :	v	1

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Surrender of or piece or paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, ^ bt eftate" or printed, any copy of any furrender of,-and admittance to, any cuftom-right or tenant-right eftate, not being copyhold, pyhold,**. 6d, which (hall pafs by furrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and which (hall not pafs by deed within thofe parts of Great Britain called England, JVales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy a ftamp-duty of four (hillings and fixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Surrender of or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, e.tc* or printed, any principal or original inftrument of furrender or Scodand* refignation of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritable ,s# sd. rights, to be made to any of his Majefty’s fubjetfts, who are or (hall be fuperiors thereof, or to any city, town, borough, or corporation, or to any magiftrates or others who have power to receive fuch furrenders or reflgnations, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional ftamp-duty of one (hilling and fixpence :

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Refour offeror piece of paper, upon which (hail be ingrofled, written, vice of heirs, or printed, any principal or original retour of any fervice of heirs, ccc*IS* 6d* or anv precept of Clare Confiat of lands or tenements, holding 6f any (ubjeft as aforefaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty

now

Digitized by Google

Charter of refign^tion, etc. is. 6d.

Original fai-line taken upon any mortgage, etc. i s. 6 d.

Original in-ftrument of furrender, jervice of heirs, etc. x i s. 6d.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. C.50.	[1777.

now payable thereon, an additional flamp-duty of one (hilling

and fixpence:

For every (kin or peice of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any charter of refignation, confirmation, Novo damus9 or charter upon apprizing or adjudication made or granted by fuch fuperior, or others, as aforefaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty ^ow payable thereon, an additional (lamp-duty of one (hilling and fixpence;

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece or paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any principal or original faifine taken or following upon any mortgage, wadfet, heritable bond, alienation, or dif-pofition, or upon any charter, precept of Clare Conftaty Retours, apprizings, or adjudications of lands or tenements, holding of any fubjeCt as aforefaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional (lamp-duty of one (hilling and fix-pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any principal or original inftrument of furrender or refignation, fervice or cognition of heirs, charter, or faiflne of any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage tenure, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional (lamp-duty of one'(hilling and fixpence.	$

The addition- XVIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, a] and new That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and duties herein- paying all the faid additional and new duties herein-before grant-befoc^ranted t(|) the fame fhall be under the government, care, and manage-^manaee-°r mcnt ^e c°nitr.iflioners for the time being appointed to ment of the manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and commiflioners paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and ot the ltamp- impowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that duties.	purpofe; and to ufeand provide fuch (lamps to denote the faid fe-

veral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things qeceflary to be done for putting this aCt in execution with relation to the faid feveral rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in us full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-Comminion- rjty af0refaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps onVnewCaUfC uPon P‘eces °f vefium or parchment, or (beets or pieces of ltarnp to be paper, on which feveral duties are by feveral aCts of parliament provided, to impofed, it (hall and may be lawful fori the faid commiflioners, denote the fe- inftcad of the diftinct (lamps directed to be provided to denote oneachflcfn ^ ^cvera^ duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged of parchment, thwwith, to caufe one new (lamp to be provided, to denote the etc.	*	faid feveral duties, and the duty granted by this aCt, on every

piece

Digitized by v^ooQle

421

1777-1 Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 50.

piece of vellum or* parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, charged with'the faid feveral duties.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Vellum,

all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby ™[abie°r charged, (hall, before the fame (hall be ingrofled, printed, or PoP^'afore* written upon, be brought to the head office for damping or faid duties, marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the faid commif-fhall, before fioners, by themfelves, or by their officers employed under them,

(hall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any perfon or ^ h*™j**ffi*c perfons, from time to time, damp or mark, as this ad direds, for damping, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be brought to them for that purpofe, the perfons fo bringing the fame paying to the receiver-general of the damp-duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this ad.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Wual allow-That the fame allowance (hall be made on prefent payment of ^[d^for* re-the feveral duties granted by this ad, in fuch manner as by any frnt payment* former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is of the duties, direded and allowed.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Duties to be That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from Pa,d.to thc time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the timelaUrfthe8*”** being of the duties on damped vdlum> parchment, and paper, ttarap duties, who (hall keep a feparate and didind account of the feveral rates etc.

and duties, and pay thc fame (the neceffary charges of raifing,	^

paying, and accounting for the^feme being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpofe herein-after exprefled, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are direded to be paid.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Stampsdirtd-That fuch damps as the faid commifltoners are hereby direded **

* and authorifed to provide and ufe, (hall and may be altered and ^ay be altered renewed, in fuch manner as any other damps on vellum, parch- and reneWed, .ment, or paper, are by any former Jaw relating to damped vel- etc. lum, parchment, or paper, direded to be altered and renewed; and that all perfons who (hall have in their cudody or poflefiion ,	/

any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the.damp or mark which (hall be fo altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby direded to-be imprefled, (hall have the like remedy and allowance, as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes direded.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, If any perfon, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after thc faid fifth after July 5, day of July, one thoufand feven hundred 3nd feventv-feven, fign,

feal, execute or fubferibe, any policy of infurance, or other deed, a pciftcy 0f inftrument or Writing, whereby houfes and goods fliall be any- infurance ways infured from lofs by fire, to the amount or value as afore- from fire, to faid, before the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the fame (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, (hall appear to have ou^bring'duly a	been	ltajnpcd, he

Digitized by

Google

422 lhall forfeit lOl.

etc.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IIL C.50.	[1777*

been (lamped and marked as by this and the other adls of parliament in that behalf is directed; that then every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum •	of ten pounds ; one moiety thereof to his* Majefty, his heirs and

fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of fuit, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform and fuc for the fame in and (hall pay any of his Majeily’s courts of record : and that if any fuch policy rd	infurance (hall be fo fignecf, fealed, executed, or fubfcribed,

duties^eieby uPon ve^um> parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been payable) 5L duly (lamped or marked according to law, that then, and in every before any fuch cafe, there (hall be paid to liis Majefty, his heirs and fuc-fl!Cn	ceffors, (over and above the duties hereby payable) for every

able'inlaw # P°*,cy infurance, the fum of five pounds; and that no 9 fuch policy of infurance (hall be available in law or equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unlefs as well the faid duty hereby charged, as the faid fum of five pounds, (hall be firft paid to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and a receipt produced for the (ame, under the hand of the receiver-general for the time being of the damp-duties, or his deputy, and until the Vellum, parchment, or paper, on which fuch policy of infurance is (9 figned, fealed, executed, or fubfcribed, ihall be marked or (lamped according to the true meaning thereof; and the faid receiver-general and his deputy are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duty payable by virtue hereof, and of the faid fum of five pounds, to give a receipt for fuch money; and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or llau^p fuch policy of infurance with * the proper mark or (lamp requisite in that behalf.

Perfon* conn- XXV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, terfeiting any That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be tcTrefemble^ counterfeited or forged, any feal, (tamp, or mark, to refemble any feal, etc. any feal, (lamp, or mark, diredled or allowed to be ufed by this directed to be or any other adl of parliament, for the purpofe of denoting the ufed todenote duties by this or any other adl of parliament granted, or (hall dmiet'with cc>untcr‘e»t or refemble the impreffion of the fame, with an in-an intent to tent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of defraud hi* the faid duties; or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamP>or mark, diredled or allowed to be ufed by this or any other fcloi» ^ a# Par^ment> relating to the (lamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vidled, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Allprovifion?, XXVI. And be.it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, penalties and That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, diftnbution of pe-torfeiturjs^^r nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre-a&s relating feribed or appointed by any former adl or adls of parliament, re-to the it amp- lating to the (lamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall duties, (hall be ot full force and effedt with relation to the (Several duties be in force, hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the h? executing railing, levying, collcdting, and fecuring the faid additional and this aft.	PCW

Digitized by v^ooQle

1577.} Anno decimo fcptimo GfcORGii III. C.51,52.	41$

new duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had federally and refpedtively been hereby enadted,with relation to the faid additional and new duties hereby impofed.

XXVII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid,^0^C8a^°® That all the monies arifing by the faid feveral and refye<ftive^*icj

rates and duties (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting paid into the for the fame excepted), (hall, from time to time, be paid into exchequer the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weflminfler, diftin(5llyd,ft’n^lyfronl and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and branches of (hall, for the purpofe afore faid, be carried to, and made a part the publick of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.	revenue.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,Defendant* That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be under this aft

'fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this adt, or of any claufe, mat-8	9

ter, or thing, herein contained; fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in cvi-an<J recover dence, for his or their defence: and if, upon the trial, a verdidl^^^^ (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or • plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

-	C	A	P; LI.

An a & for enabling his Ma jetty to raife the fum of one million for the uies and purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. LII.

An aft for better fecuring the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the Jugar plantations put into warehoufes\ and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Jhipped as fores, to be confumed on board merchant Jhips on their voyages,, for a limited time.

WHEREAS, notwithfanding the many laws already madePreambles for fecuring the revenues on fope, and for protecting the fair trader, many grofs frauds are daily praftifed by evil-minded and tndi-gent,perfons, who are encouraged in fuch praft ices, not only from the great length of time allowed by thofe laws for the payment of the duties on fope, but alfo for want of fome further regulations in the man+ ntr of the carrying on the fope-making bufmefs; for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth After June*4, day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, nofoJ7refamr* perfon or perfons whatsoever, refiding within the limits of the within theu-head office of excife in London, (hall be permitted to make any mits of the fope, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall occupy a tenement orhcad offic* °f tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for Jj**1<hilJ make which he, (he, or they (hall accordingly be affeffed in their own any*fope, un-Vol. XXXI.	Gg	name,lefs	he	occupy

Digitized by

4*4- .

a teritment of 101, per an. and pay pari/h ratet\ nor in any other part of the kingdom, unlefs he pay to church and poor, etc.

Recital of an aftof 10 Anas.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C.52. [1777.

name, and (hall alfo pay to the parifh rates; and that no perfon or perfons whatever, redding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, (hall be permitted to make any fope, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be aflefled and pay to church and poor, in the feveral parifhes and places in which'they (hall rcfpeclively refide; and that no entry of any fope houfe, work-boufe, or place for making of fope, already made, or hereafter to be made, as required by the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, (hall be of any avail to any perfon or perfons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the perfon or perfons fo making entry (hall be qualified as aforefaid; and every perlon making fope and not qualified as aforefaid, (hall, notwithftanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be perfons making fope without entry, and (hall be fubjedl to the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons making fope without entry ar$ by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided are fubjett unto.

II. And whereas, by a claufe in on aft, paffied in the tenth year of the reign of her late majejly ^ueen Anne, (intituled, An adt for laying feveral duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain* or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs printed, painted, or ftained; and upon feveral kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements; for raifuag the futn of eighteen hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majefty’s fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain ftocks of cards and dice; and for better fecuring her Majefty’s duties to arife in the office fpr the ftamp-duties by licences for marriages and other-wife ; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, (part of the capital of the South Sea company) tor the ufe of the publick: it was enafted, That every perfon whatfoever, who Jhould make any fope in London or Wcftminfter, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, Jhould, monthly and every month; and all and every per-Jon or per Jons whatfoever, who Jhould make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, Jhould% once in every fix weeks, make a truetntry, tn writing, at the next office for the faid duties, of all the fope'by him* her, or them Jeverally made, within fuch month or fix weeks refpeftive-ly; which entries were to be made in manner as therein exprejfed: and by one other claufe in the faii recited aft, it was further enafted* That all and every perfon, who Jhould make any Jope in London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality, Jhould, within four weeks; and all and every perfon whatfoever, who Jhould make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, Jhould, within fix weeks after he, Jhe, or they Jhould have made, or ought ip have made, fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the faid duties upon jope, wi tch jhould be due from him, her, or them refpeftively ; and that all and raery fuch makers of fope, who Jhould rej ufe or negleft ta

make

Digitized by

Google

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 52#	42$

make fucb payment as aforefaid, Jhould forfeit and lofc, for every fuch offence, double the fum of the faid duty: and whereas the allowance of Jo long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties as aforefaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and alfo to the fair trader, as evil-minded and indigent perfons have been encouraged thereby to make fope, and have made <entry of the fope by them made, but have neglefled to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered have abfconded from the if refpeflive dwelling-places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the fame; be it therefore further enadtedrThat, from and After June *4, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufaod' feven hun- itov^recitcd dred and feventy-feven, the above recited claufes, and every arti- claufes (hall be cle, matter, and thing therein contained, (hall be, and are here- repealed, by repealed, and made null and void.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That, All perfons

from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand who (hall feven hundred and feventy-feven, all and every perfon whatfo-	the

ever, who (hall make any fope, (hall, weekly and every week, day abovefaid, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the duties on (hall enter the fope, of all the fope by him, her, or them feverally made within fame weekly each week* which faid entries (hall contain the weight of all the

fope mentioned therein refpeftively, and what quantity thereof on penalty of was made at each boiling in that week, on pain to forfeit for $ol. every neglect the fum of fifty pounds: which entries (hall be Entries to made upon oath by the maker of fuch fope, or by their chief ^t™a^con workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to 0	9

the belt of their knowledge and belief.; unlefs fuch maker, workman, or fervant, be a known quaker, and the folemn affirmation of fuch maker, workman, or fervant, to the fame effedt, in cafe he or (he be a known quakef, (hall and may be taken inftead of fuch oath; and the faid entries,oaths, and affirmations to verify the fame, (hall, for fuch fope as lhall be made within the limits of the chief office of excife, be made with, and admimftered by, fuch officer or officers as (hall be appointed by the commiflioners for the duties on fope in England, or the major part of them, for the time being; and for all fope made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and fupervifors of the diftridt or divifion within which the refpedtive makers of fope (hall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be taken or demanded for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Makers of

all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall make any	with!a

fope in Great Britain, (hall, within one week after he, (he, ora week after they (hall make, or ought to have made, fuch entry as aforefaid,entry.

pay and clear off all the duties for fope which (hall be due from him, her, or them refpedtively; and that all and every fuch maker of fope, who (hall refufe or negledt to make fuch payment as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, double the fum of the faid duty whereof the payment (hall be fo refufed or negledled; and that no fuch makers of fope, after fuch de- Penalty* fault in payment made, {hall fell, deliver, or carry out any fope,

<j g 2	until

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feprimo Georgii lit c. 52. [1777-

until he hath paid and cleared off his duty as aforefaid, on pain to forfeit double the ralue of fuch fope fo delivered or carried our.

V.	Provided always, That no maker of fope fhall be obliged to go or fend further than the market town where his or her fopc| is made, or the neat market town to the place where his or her fope is made, for the making of fuch entries, or the payment of the faid duties.

VI.	Andy for the better preventing the frauds frequently committed by divers maters of hard fope, who light fires under their coppers% pansy or other Utenfils by tocm refpeflively ufid for the boiling or making of fopCy in the abfence of and without the knowledge or privity of

The furnace- the'officers for the duties on fope\ be it enacted, That, from and do°r ^after the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred ufed*for mak- an(* fcventy-feven, the furnace door of every copper, pan, or ingof lope, other utenfil ufed by any fuch maker of fope for the boiling or Jba<l be fatten- or making of fope, (hall, and they are hereby required to be fe-e^tytheoffi- curdy locked and fattened by the officers of excife who furvey t** foetid ** fucb trac*er, as f°on as lhe hre is dampt or drawn from-under dampt, etc. every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil; and proper locks and keys, and all other neceflary faftenings for fecuring the faid coppers, pans, and other utenfils, fhall be provided by the refpedive lurveyors and fupervifors of excife of the feveral diftrids or di-vifions in which fuch makers of fope (hall refpedively refide, at the expence of the refpedive makers in each divifion ordiftrid: and whenever fuch maker of fope fhall be defirous to light a fire under fuch copper, pan, or utenfil, or to have the furnace-door* v thereof opened, and fhall have given notice in manner as is berein-after direded ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the officers of excife fhall attend to open the fame, tope-makers VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, refufing to That if any fuch maker of fope fhall refufe or negled to pay for G sand** fuch l°cks> keys, and other faftenings, fo provided as aforefaid; ©'her fatten- any fuch maker of fope fhall refufe or hinder the officers of ings, or hin- excife from fixing fuch faftenings on the faid furnace-doors, in dering officers fuch manner as the faid officers fhall judge moil effedual for fe-the^arae11* curing the fame, or in locking and fecuring the fame; then, and to forfeit*501. *n every fuch cafe, the offender or offenders therein fhall, for each offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

Sope-makeri VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, who want to That whenever any fuch maker of fope fhall be defirous to have fiiVnace'door tbe furnace-door of his, her, or their copper, pan, or other unlocked,fhallutenfil by him, her, or them ufed for the boiling or making of give ia hours fope, unlocked, and (hall have given to the officer of excife of the notice to the divifion or diftrid twelve hours notice, if fuch maker of fope h r	re^c	within	the limits of the chief office of excife in Lon-

mirs'o/rtfe don\ or if fuch maker of fope (hall refide in any other part of chief office in Great Brita’Wy twenty-four hours notice of fuch his, her, or their London ; intention, the officer of excife fnall attend accordingly to unlock *j!houtand open the faid furnace-doors of fuel: copper, pan, or utenfil; niiu,3** hoursanc* by any mcaast art> device, or contrivance whatfoever, any notice.	perfon

Provifo.

Digitized by v^ooQie

1777*] Arino decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 52.	427

perfon (hall open any fuch furnace-door after the fame (hall have been locked and fecured as aforefaid, before the fame (hall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excife, or (hall wilfully damage or hurt any fuch lock or other fattening, evcfy fuch perfon (hall, for every luch offence refpeftively, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That, Surveyor, fu-

when any copper, pan, or other utenfil, ufed for the boiling or	*een

making of fope, or the furnace-doors of fuch copper, pan, or uten- * in thejnom-fil (hall be fecured, as by this prefent alt, and by one other alt, ing and 11 in patted in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, are refpeltiveJy evening, direfted, the furveyor and fupervifor,or other fuperior officer of

excife, (hall, at all times, between the hours of five in the morn- workhoufe, ing and eleven in the evening, be permitted, upon demand or and unlock requeft made, to enter all and every workhoufe of every fuchan<l examine maker of fope; and after fuch entry to unlock and open everyC0PP«*> copper, pan, and other utenfil, by fuch maker of fope ufed for c# boiling or making of fope, and alfo the furnace-doors of every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, and to examine the fame; and after due examination had, fuch officer (hall again lock and fatten every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, and furnace-door, and fo leave them locked and fecured, as by this and the faid former aft is direfted: and if, after fuch requeft made, the door* Any fope-of fuch workhoufe are not immediately opened, and fuch officer maker refuf-or officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enterfiefrentrance and go into fuch workhoufe, made ufe of by fuch maker of fope; or obftru&ing* or if fuch officer or officers, being fo entered into fuch work- hi* examina-houfe, arc not permitted quietly to continue in fuch workhoufe, hon, (hall for-and to unlock and open every fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil,*clt 100 and furnace-doors, to fearch and examine the fame, and until they (hall have again locked and fecured the faid copper, pan, or other utenfil, and furnace-door; or if, by any other ways or ' means whatfoever, fuch officer or officers (hall be obftrufted, hindered, or molefted, in fuch fearch and examination; then, and in every fuch cafe, the offender therein (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

X.	And forafmuch as it is found by experience that his Majejiy is very much defrauded of the duty on fope by many makers of fopey who, by private pipes, ana other private conveyances made uje of by fuch makers offopey do convey away the fope from the fight and view of the officer appointed to take an account of the fame\ be it further enafted

by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid twenty- Any fope- # fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- maker having feven, no maker of fope (hall have or keep any pipe under ground, *0P"**te or any other private pipe or other private conveyance, in or about fope°from bia his fopehoufe, by which any fope, or materials making into fope, copper, etc. may be conveyed from his copper, pan, or other untenfii, ufed for the boiling or making of (ope, into any place whatfoever, on pain to forfeit, for every fuch pipe and private conveyance, (ball forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.	100

XL And, for the better difeovering all fuch pipes and other private

G g 3	%	Mi-

Digitized by	ne

*428	Anno	decimo	feptimo GeoRGH III. C.52; [*777*

Officers may, conveyances, be it further ena&ed, That, from and'after the faid thne^^re twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-fenceof a con-venty^even>lt aQd maY be law^ to and for the officers of liable, break the duties on fope, or any of them, in the day-time, and in the up the ground prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace (who houf/ etcSto arC hcreby reclu^re^ t0 aiding and affifting therein) on requeft fearch for p°i- made, and caufe declared, to break up the ground in any vate convey- fopehoufe, or the ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, anpes, and	or other place, to fearch for any fuch pipe or other private con-

defray the	veyance; and, upon finding fuch pipe or other conveyance, to

mt* . .break up the ground, houfe, wall, or other partition or place, through or into which any fuch pipe or other conveyance (hall lead, and to break up or cut any fuch pipe or other conveyance* If no fuch XII. Provided always. That in cafe upon fuch fearch no fuch conveyance	pipe or other private conveyance (hall be found, fuch officers for

officer* duties on fope (hall make good the ground, wall, houfe, or other make fati*- place fo broken up as aforefaid, or make reafonable fatisfa&ion to faction fjr	the owner or owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next

damage*.	jurtices of the peace, or the party injured (hall be at liberty to

bring his adtion for the damages by him fudained: and if any ficer*1 in'their” Per^on or perfons whatfoever (hall oppofe, obftrudl, or hinder, fearch. any fuch officer in fearching, in execution of the powers hereby given and granted, every (uch perfon (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, ftope-makers XIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared. That may ufe pipe*, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any maker of fope to keep etc. above	and make ufe of any pipe, or other conveyance, above ground,

£roup4.	which are publickand in open view from one end thereof to the

other, for the putting his fope out of the copper, pan, or utenfil, ufed for boiling or making the fame, into the known and entered frames; any thing in this adfc to the contrary in any wife not-withflanding.

XIV. And, for the better difcovering all private holes in the coppers, pans, or other utenfils ufed in the boiling or waking of fope, be it further ena<5>ed, That, trom and after the fa^d twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, all and every perfon who fhall make fope, (hall, once in every lunar month throughout the year, perfectly cleanfe each and every copper, pan, or other utenfil, by him ufed for the boiling or making of fope, and (hall give three days notice at lead to the officer who furveys fuch maker of fope, of the particular time when he intends to cleanfe the fame: and when fuch copper, pan, or other utenlil (hall be fo perfectly cleanfed, it (hall be lawful for the officers of the duties on fope, and they are hereby required to fearch all and every part of fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, by going into fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, or by fuch other means as to fuch officers (hall feetn mod convenient; and if, on fearching fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, the officer fhall find or difcover any hole, not before known or the°! w^e0*'1*' difcovered, in fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, fuch hole (hall tiali°beniuble be, and is hereby deemed to be? wilfully made for the purpofe of

con-

msiKcrij

every lunar -month, (hall cleanfe all their copptrs, etc. ufed m making of fope, alter giving 3 d*ys notice to the officer.

Officer to examine the fame;

and if he find any ho-e not

Digitized by kjOOQle

1777*3 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 52.	429

conveying away fope from the fight and view of the officer, be- tothepenaU fore an account had been taken of the fame ; and the owner of tiesforc°n“ fuch copper, pan, or other utenfil, in which fuch hole (hall be fo*1" s °* difcovered and found, fh^ll be liable to the penalties for concealing of fope, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall prove the fame to except, etc, have been made by burfting, or other accident, fince the officer's laft furvey, and that he, (he, or they had given notice thereof to the officer of the faid duties on fope, who firft came thither on furvey after fuch burfting or other accident happened: and if any If any fope-fuch maker of fope (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June* maker (hall one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, negledt perfectly {>?*	:

to cleanfe his copper, pan, or other utenfil, fo ufed for the mak- copper, etc. ing or boiling of fope, in manner, and at the time herein-before or to give no-dire&ed, or to give fuch notice as aforefaid, or (hall, by himfelf dee as afore-or others, let, hinder, or obftrudt the officer or officers of excife from fearching and examining fuch copper, pan, or other uten- officer in^ fil, by fuch means as to fuch officer (hall feem moft convenient, fearching the then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch maker of fope (hall forfeit and fame, lofe the fum of fifty pounds.	he ffiall forfeit

XV.	And whereas, by an ofl made in the fifteenth year of the reign 50 * of his late majefly King George the Second* (intituled* An a61 to Recital of an impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of Britijb fugar plantations to land the fame before payment of the uco* duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehouses at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow* in re!pe6t to the duty on fome rock fait, loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane*) it was enabled. That all fuch rum or fpirits* of the growth, produce* or manufacture of the Britifh fugar plantations as Jhould be imported into this kingdom dtreflly from the faid fugar plantations, upon the entry thereof might forthwith* and before payment of the duties of excife* be landed* and carried and put into warehoufes for that purpofe provided* upon the proprietor or importer giving bona as therein required and directed: and it was further enabled* That the proprietor or importer of fuch rum or fpirits* fo to be lodged in fuch warehoufes* Jhould affix one lock to every futb ware-houfe* and the key of fuch lock to remain in the cufiody of fuch proprietor or importer; ana for the officer of excife* attending fuch warehoufe, to provide one other lock for fuch warehoufe* and to keep the key thereof ; and that the proprietor or importer Jhould and might* in prejince of the faid officer* vie w, examine* and take out the rum and fpirits* in manner as therein is dire fled: and whereas no particular penalty is impofed on fuch proprietor or importer of fuch rum and fpirits* put into fuch warehoufes, whojhall fraudulently open the door of fuch ware-boufe or warehoufes in the abfence of the faid officer of excife or ware-bouji}• keeper* whereby fome evil-minded per fobs have aflually been encouraged by falfe keys* to open the faid warehoujes in the night-time, and in the abfence of the officer of excife* to go into futb warehoufes 5 for the more effeflual preventing fuch fraudulent praflices, be it en- If any proprie. a&ed, That it any proprietor or importer of rum or fpirits, lodged tor or import-and piit into any warehoufe or warehoufes under the diredlion fLofeT™,etc# »pd authority of the faid recited a6t, (hall, by any means, adt, waSioufe™*

Gg4	devife,	under thedi.

Digitized by

Google

430

region of the above-recited act, (hall open the fame, ex-cep" w the pr* fence of the proper officei , toe (hall forfeit 5001*

For % year* after the paf-ling of this aft, the fame drawbacks fliall be allowed on (hipping rum, etc. to be (pent on .

. board in any voyage be yond the Teas, as are given by any atts now in force on the exportation of rum as merchandize.

No allowance-to be made for any luch rum (hipped in any cuk lefs than ioo gallons) or on board any veffel un-‘der too tons.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 52. [1777*

devife, or contrivance whatever, open any fuch warehoufe or warehouses, except in the prefence of the proper warehoufe-keeper, or other officer of excife, whofe bufinefs it is to attend with the key to open the fame* then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch importer or proprietor (hall forfeit and Iofe, for every fuch offence, five hundred pounds.

XVI.	For encouraging the exportation of rum and Jpirits, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the Britifh fugar plantations in America, from this kingdom, as /!tores to be fpent and confumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feasy be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That during the term of two years, from and after the paffingof this prefent a<5l, the fame drawbacks and allowances, which arc given by any former adt or a As of parliament, now in force, on the exportation of fuch rum to parts beyond the Teas as merchandize, (hall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their (hipping any fuch rum as.(lores, to be fpent and confumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feas : and when any merchant or merchants fliall be defirous of (hipping any fuch rum as (lores as aforefaid, and (hall give five days notice thereof to the refpedlive coramif-fioners of excife fdr the time being, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as they (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, mentioning in fuch notice the exa6l deftination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the (hip or veffel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by them as afortfaid, •to afeertain the quantity of fuch rum which (hall be (hipped on board fuch (hip or veffel as (lores, and for which fuch drawback and allowances (hall be paid and made, and alfo the fize and marks of the cafk or cafks in which fuch fpirits (hall be fo (hipped ; and on oath bein^ made, before any one or more of the faid commiffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any fuch rum is intended to be exported, or before fuch other perfon or perfons as (hail be authorized as aforefaid by the faid commiffioners of excife for that purpofe, that the fame are to be (hipped as (lores to be fpent and confumed in the voyage, the merchant or merchants (hipping the fame (hall be paid the fame drawbacks, and have the fame allowances for rum fp (hipped, as if fuch rum had been exported as merchandize; provided always, That neither the faid drawback or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, (hall be made or be paid for any quantity of fuch rum which fhali he exportedor (hipped for (lores as aforefaid in any caflc which (hall contain .*$ than one hundred gallons, nor (hall any fuch drawback or allowance whatfoever be made or paid for any quantity of rum which (hall be fo exported or (hipped for (lores as aforefaid 00 board of any veffel or veffels of lefs burden than one hundred tons; but that all fuch rum (hall be exported and (hipped, in all refpedls not otherwife dire&ed by this prefent adl. under the fame rules, regulations, and penalties, as are prescribed

’	'	py

Digitized by v^ooQle

43*

1777-] Anno dcdmo leptimo Georgii III. c.53.

by any former a ft or afts of parliament now in force relating to the exportation of fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain as (lores, to be (pent and confumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this forfeitures aft, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch how todbc*5" ways, means, and njethods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, applied.*™* is or may be fued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or

laws of .excife; or by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively 5 and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, ^nd the other moiety to him or them who (hall difcpver, inform, or fue for the lame.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfont pro-That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be fued, moled- ^ec^riorTof^ ed, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done in purfu- JhiYa^may ance or by colour of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this plead the ge-a& contained; fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the neral general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence,

in his or their defence or defences: and if afterwards a verdift

(hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or

plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their

aftion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him,

her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant and ^cover

or defendants (hall have treble cofts .awarded to him or themtreb c coft*'

againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII-

An aft to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by mating pro-vifion for the more Jpeedy and effectual building, rebuilding, r/-pairingy or purchafing houjes, and other nectffary buildings and tenement syfor the ufe of their bene fries.

WHEREAS many of the parochial clergy, for want of proper Preamble.

habitations, are induced to re fide at a dijlance from their bene-ficieSy by which means the parijbioners lofe the advantage of their in•

Jlruftion and hofpitalityy which were great objefls in the original di-fribution of tytkes and glebes for the endowment of churches: for remedy whereofy may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Incumbent of day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, any ecclefiafti-whenever the parfon, vicar, or other incumbent, of any eccle- caUmngf fiaftical living, parochial benefice, chapelry, or perpetual curacy, £ being under the jurifdiftion of the bifliop or other ecclefiaftical etc. # ordinary, whereon there is no houfe of habitation, or fuch houfe

i*

Digitized by

Google

43*

patron)

may borrow money to build one.

Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. C.53. [1777.'

is become fo ruinous and decayed, or is fo mean, that one year's neat income and produce of fuch living will not be fufficient to build, rebuild, or put the fame, with the neceffary offices belonging thereto, in fufficient repair, (hall think fit to apply for the aid and affiftance intended to be given by this aft, it (nail and may be lawful for every fuch parfon, vicar, or incumbent (after having procured, from tome fkilful and experienced workman or furveyor, a certificate, containing a ftate of the condition of the buildings on their refpechve glebes, and of the value of the timber and other materials thereupon, fit to be employed in fuch buildings or repairs, or to be fold, and alfo a plan and eftimate of the work propofed to be done (fuch ftate and eftimate to be verified upon oath, taken before fome juftice of the peace, or mafter in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary) and laid the fame, together with a juft and particular account in writing, figned by him, and verified upon oath, taken as aforefaid, or the annual (with the profits of fuch living, before the ordinary and patron of the liv-©rdinarjTand al?^ obtained their confent to fuch propofed new buildings or repairs, by writing under their refpe&ive hands, in the form for that purpofe contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed) to borrow and take up at intereft, in the manner hereafter mentioned, fuch fum or fums of money as the faid eftimate lhall amount unto, after deducing the value of timber or other materials which may be thought proper to be fold, not exceeding two years neat income and produce of fuch living, after deducing all rents, ftipends,taxes, and other outgoings, excepting only the falaries to the afliftant curate, where fuch a curate is neceffa-uu.tgage ry > anc* as a Purity f°r the money fo to be borrowed, to mort-* - -	gage	t^c	g]ebe, tythes, rents, and other profits and emoluments,

arifing or to arife from fuch living, to fuch perfon or perfons who fhall advance the fame, by one or more deed or deeds, for the term of twenty-five years, or until the money fo to be borrowed, with intereft for the fame, and fuch cofts and charges as may attend the recovery thereof, fhall be fully paid and fatisfied, according to the terms, conditions, true intent and meaning of this a<5t; which mortgage deed or deeds (hall be made in the forms or to the effect for that purpofe contained in the faid fchedule, and (hall bind every fucceeding parfon, vicar, or incumbent, of fuch living, until the principal and intereft, cofts and charges, fhall be paid off and discharged, as fully and effectually as if fuch fucceffor had executed the fame.

II: And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch mortgagee fhall ^-oexe. cxecute a counterpart of every fuch mortgage, to be kept by the terpart of the incumbent for the time being; and a copy of every fuch deedjaf mortgage, to mortgage (hall be regiftered in the office of the regiftrar of the be kept bythebifhop of the diocefe where the parifh lies, or other ordinary incumbent, having epifcopal jurifdi&ion therein for the time being, after having been firft examined by him with the original; which officer fhall regifter the fame, and be entitled to demand and receive the fum of five (hillings, and no more, for fuch regifter; ?md every lqch deed (hall be referred to upon all neceffary occa-

fions9

the glebe, tythes, etc. for 25 years.

Every mort-

*c.

Digitized by t^ooQle

411

1777*3 Anno decimo feptimo GeorGii III. c.53.

fions, the perfon infpe&ing the fame paying one fhilling for every fuch fearch; and the faid deed, or a copy thereof, certified under the hand of the regiftrar, (hall be allowed as legal evidence, in cafe any fuch mortgage deed (hall happen to be loft or deftroyed.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That when- 0n failure of

ever the principal and intereft, direded to be paid to the mort-	and

gagee under the feveral provifions of this a<5f, (hall be in arrear interelt for 4® and unpaid, for the fpace of forty days after the fame (hall be-daysafterdue, come due, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch mortgagee, his mortgagee executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to recover the fame, and the m9y dlltrain* cods and charges attending the recovery thereof, by didrefs and

fale, in fuch manner as rents may be recovered by landlords or leflors from their tenants by the laws in being.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the money fo to be bor- Money borrowed (hall be paid into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as rowed to be fhall be nominated and appointed to receive and apply the fame

for the purpofes aforefaid, by the ordinary, patron, and incum- ordinary, etc. bent, by writing under their refpe&ive hands, in the form for (hall appoints that purpofe contained in ,the faid fchedule, after fuch nominee fhall have given a bond to the ordinary, with fufficient furety, in double the fum fo to be borrowed or-raifed, with condition for his duly applying and accounting for the fame according to the directions of this adt; and the receipt of the perfon or perfons fo to be nominated (hall be a fufficient difeharge to the perfon or perfons who (hall advance and pay the money: and the perfon who or perfons, fo to be nominated, (hall enter into contracts with proper perfons for fuch buildings or repairs as (hall be approved etc. and fee by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and (hall be fpecified in tbe fame exe-an indrument written upon parchment, and figned by them, incuted. and the form for that purpofe contained in the faid fchedule; and for tbem* fhall infpect and have the care of the execution of fuch contracts, and (hall pay the money for fuch buildings and repairs, according to the terms of fuch agreements, and (hall take proper receipts and vouchers for the fame; and as foon as fuch buildings or repairs (hall be completed, and the money paid, (hall make out an account of his receipts and payments, together with the vouchers for the fame, and enter them in a book, fairly written, which fhall be figned by him, and laid before the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and examined by them; and when allowed, by writing under their refpective hands, in the form for that purpofe contained in the faid fchedule, fuch allowance (hall be a full difeharge to the perfon fo nominated, in rcfpedfc to the faid accounts; and if any balance (hall remain in the hands of fuch nominee or How tbe ba-nomioees, the fame (hall be laid out in fome further lading im-lance remaia-provements in building upon fuch glebe, or fhall be paid and ap-^raJJ plied in difeharge of fo much of the faid principal debt asdlp0C ° fuch balance will extend to pay, at the diferetion of the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, or two of them, of which the faid ordinary to be one, by order figned by them, in the form for that pnrpofc contained in the faid fchedule $ and an account

<hall

Digitized by

Goot e

434

Anno dfcctmo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 53. [177yl

fhall alfo be kept, made out, and allowed, of fuch further dif-burfements, in manner aforefaid: all which accounts, when made out, completed, and allowed, (hall be depofited, with the vouchers, in the hands of the faid regiftrar, and kept by him for the ufe and benefit of the incumbents of fuch living for the time being, who fliall have a right to infpedl the fame whenever oc-dafion (hall require, paying to fuch regiftrar, or deputy regiftrar, the fum of one (hilling for every fuch infpedtion.

Ordinary to V. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That every CEbe nacle^f ^uch ^ch ordinary, before he or they (hall fignify his or their the condition c°nfent, in manner aforefaid, (hall caufe an enquiry to be made, of the build, and certified to him or them by the archdeacon, chancellor of the ings when the diocefe, or other proper perfons living in or near the pari(h where I incumbenten- fuch buildings are propofed to be made or repaired, in the forms i hv7ng?etc.C ^or t^lat PurP°k fpecified in the faid fchedule, of the date and 1 *	#	condition of fuch buildings at the time the incumbent entered 1

upon fuch living or benefice, how long fuch incumbent had en- } joyed fuch living or benefice, what money he had received, or may be entitled to receive, for dilapidations, and how and in what manner he had laid out what he had fo received; and if it (hall appear to them that fuch incumbent had, by wilful neg-ligence, fuffered fuch buildings to go out of repair, then to certify the fame to the faid ordinary, and alfo the amount of the damage which fuch buildings had fuftained by the wilful negled of fuclHncumbent; and fuch incumbent, if tne ordinary require it, (hall pay the fame into the hands of the nominee or nominees to be appointed under the authority of this a<5t, towards defraying the expences of building or repairs, before the ordinary (hall give his confent as aforefaid.

Dire&ions for V I. And be it further ena&ed, That the incumbent of every payment of fuch living or bencfice,in cafes where fuch mortgage or mongages Ind^ntereft of be mac*c as	an<*	bis	fucceffors	for the time being,

the mort-	(hall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the in-

gages.	tercft arifing upon every fuch mortgage, yearly, as the fame (hall

become due, or within one month after, and ^Ifo five poundsper Every incum- centum per annum^oi the principal remaining due, by yearly pay-bent who fhall ments; and that every fuch incumbent who (hall not refide not refide xo twenty weeks in each year upon fuch living, computing fuch year year upontts from the date of the faid mortgage deed, (hall, inftead of the faid living, (hall fum of five pounds per centum pet annum, pay the fum of ten pay iol. per pounds per centum per annum, of the principal remaining due, by cent, of the yearly payments, fuch payments to be refpedtively qpade at the anTevery in-* ^ame timc ^uch intereft (hall be paid, until the whple principal cambent pay- money and intereft (hall be fully paid and difeharged; and that ingoniy 5I. every fuch incumbent who (hall pay only five pounds per centum per cent, per per annum 0f fuch principal money, (hall, at the time he pays the principal to ^ame> produce and deliver to the mortgagee a certificate under produce a cer- the hands of two reeftors, vicars, or officiating minifters, of feme tificate of his parifhes near adjoining, fignifying that he had relided twenty refid ence, weeks upon the faid living or benefice, within the year for which hands of two ^uch Payment became due according to the regulations aforefaid; reftorj, etc.	which

Digitized by

Google

1777*1 A°no decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 53.'	435

which certificate (hall be in the form, or to the effefl, contained and* aiioon in the faid fchedule; and that every fuch incumbent (hall, annu-	corn-

ally at his own expence, from the time fuch buildings, authorifed p‘t0 jn_ to be made by this att, (hall be completed, infure, at one of the fare them publick offices eftablilhed in London or Wejlminfier for infurance again! fire, of houfes and buildings, the houfe and other buildings upon fuch glebe, again! accidents by fire, at fuch fum of moneyas (hall be agreed upon by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in default of the payment of either the principal or tntereft, in manner aforefaid, or negleft of the incumbent to make fuch infurance, the ordinary (hall have power to fequefter the profits of the living till fuch payment or infurance (hall be made.

VII.	And) in order that the payment of fuch yehr may he juftly and equitably afcertqined and adjufied, between the fuccejfor, and the par-

Jon, vicary or incumbent, avoiding fuch living or benefice by death or ctberwife, or his reprefentativeSy in cafe of death or other avoidancey in fuch proportions as the profits offuch living Jhall have been received by them refipeflivelyy for toe year in which fuch death or avoidance Jball happen; be it further enadted. That in cafe any difference ^oor t ion? n fhall arife in adjufttng or fettling the proportions aforefaid, the the annual fame (hall be determined by two indifferent perfons, the one to payment, in be named by the faid fucceffor, and the other by the perfon mak- calc of death, ing fuch avoidance, or his reprefentatives, in cafe of his death ; or<*her and in cafe fuch nominees (hall not be appointed within the fpace av01 ancc# of two calendar months next after fuch death or avoidance, or if they cannot agree in adjufting fuch proportions within the fpace of one calendar month after they (hall have been appointed, the fame (hall be determined by fome neighbouring clergyman, to be nominated by the ordinary, whofe determination fhall be final and conclufive between the parties; which nominations and determinations (hall be made according to the forms for that pur-pofe contained in the faid fchedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That where there fhall be no The ordinary

houfe of habitation upon any ecclefiaftical living or benefice, fo °^an.y described as aforefaid, exceeding in clear yearly value one hun- ^r^nn.which dred pounds per annumy or being one, the fame (hall be fo mean, has no proper or in fuch a date of decay as aforefaid, and the incumbent (hall not houfe or habi-refide in the pari(h twenty weeks within any year, computing the *?*,0Kn» .maF fame from the firft day of January, it (hall be lawful for the or* 5Cn*t neglett1" dinary of fuch living or benefice, with the confent of the patron to make ap-(in cafe the incumbent (hall not think tit to lay out one year’s plication,etc.) income, where the fame may be fufficient, to put the houle and Procure an buildings in proper and fufficient repair, or to make fuch applica- and^oceed tion as aforefaid, for building, repairing, or rebuilding fuch par- jn theexecu-fonage houfe) to procure fuch plan, eftimate, and certificate,'as tionpf this herein directed, and at any time, within the courfe of the fucceed-	,n '

ingyear, to proceed in the execution of the feveral purpofes of this

aft, in fuch manner as the parfon, vicar, or incumbent, is hereby retted to pro-authorifed and directed to proceed* and to make and execute fuch cced.

mort-

Digitized by Google

436

All money received for dilapidations, etc. (hall be applied in part of the payments under the aforefaid e (finite}

or in making fomeaddition al improvements, etc.

Where new

buildings are .neceflary for the reiidence of the incumbent, the ordinary^ etc. may purchafe any convenient houfe, within one mile of the] church i

and a certain portion of land.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 53.' [17777

mortgage as aforefaid 5 which (hall be binding upon the incumbent and his fucceffors, and he and they (hall be, and are hereby made liable to the payment of the intereft, principal, and cofts 5 and every fuch incumbent, and his reprefentatives, (hall be, and are hereby alfo made refpe&ively liable to the proportion of the payments for the year which (hall be growing at the time of the death of fuch incumbent, or avoidance of fuch living, according to the directions aforefaid; which faid intereft, principal, and cofts, and proportion of payments growing at the time of the death of fuch incumbent or avoidance, (hall and may be recovered againft fuch incumbent, his fucceflors, or reprefentatives, re-fpectively, by action of debt, in any court of record.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That all fum and fums of mo-r\ey recovered of received, by fuit or compofitions, from the reprefentatives of any former incumbent of fuch living or benefice, and not laid out in the repairs of fuch buildings, (hall go and be applied in part of the payments under fuch eftimate as aforefaid; and that all money thereafter to be recovered or received, in cafe the fame cannot be had before fuch buildings are completed, and the money paid for tbe fame, (hall be applied, as foon as received, in payment of the principal then due, as far as the fame will extend; or in cafe the faid mortgage money (hall have been discharged, all fuch money arifing from dilapidations (hall be paid into the hands of the nominee to be appointed as aforefaid, or of fome other perfon or perfons to be nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, in cafe fuch nominee (hall be dead, or (hall decline to a<5t therein, to be laid out and expended in making fome additional buildings or improvements upon tl^e glebe

• of fuch living or benefice, to be approved by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in the mean time, or in cafe fuch buildings (hall not be neceflary, then in truft, to lay out the fame in government or other good fecurities, and pay the intereft thereof to tbe incumbent for the time being.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where new buildings are neceflary to be provided or erected for the habitation and refidence of the rector, vicar, or other incumbent, purfuant to the authority hereby given, it (hall and may be lawful for the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of every fuch living or benefice, to contract, or to authorife, if they (hall think fit, the perfon fo to be nominated by them as aforefaid, to contratf, for the abfolute purchafe of any houfe or buildings, in a fituation convenient for the habitation and refidence of the redor or vicar of fuch living or benefice, and not at a greater diftance than one mile from the church belonging to fuch living, benefice, or cha-pelry: and alfo to contra^ for any land adjoining or lying convenient to fuch houfe or building, or to the houfe or building belonging to any parochial living or benefice, having no glebe lying near or convenient to the fame, not exceeding two acres, if the annual value of fuch living, to be ascertained as aforefaid, ihall be left than one hundred pounds per annum% nor two acres

o	for

Digitized by LjOOQle

1777-] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 53;	437

for every one hundred pounds per annum, if of greater value, and to caufe the purchafe- money for fuch houfe or buildings to be paid out of the money to arife under the powers and authorities, of this ad; in all which cafes the faid buildings and lands (hall be conveyed to the patron of fuch living or benefice, and his heirs, in truft, for the foie ufe and benefit of the redor, vicar, or other incumbent of fuch living or benefice for the time being* and their fucceflors, and (hall be annexed to fuch church or chapel, and be enjoyed, and go in fucceflion with the fame for ever; but no contrail fo made by the nominee (hall be valid, until confirmed by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by writing under their hands; and every fuch purchafedeed (hall be in the form or to the efFed contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed, and (hall be regifiered in fuch manner,^and in fuch office, as the other deeds are hereby directed to be regifiered.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That when any Purchafe-mo-fuch land lying near to the parfonage houfe and buildings, be- ”cy longing to fuch living or benefice, or to be fo purchafed or ex- raifed^y fale, changed as aforefaid, (hall be thought fit to be taken and ufedetc. of part of as a convenience for the fame, the purchafe-money or equivalent the glebe or for fuch land (hall beraifed and had by faleor exchange of fome

part of the glebe or tythes of fuch living or benefice, which (hall appear to the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, moft convenient for that purpofe; and every fuch fale or exchange (hall be by deed, in the form or to the effed contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed, and regifiered as herein-before directed.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be law- ?°vcr,J^

ful for the governors authorifed or appointed to regulate and	im“Ci

perintend the bounty given by her late majefty Queen Anne> for powered to the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, to ad- lend certain vance and lend any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thefum8 top1,0* fum of one hundred pounds, in refped of each living or bene- of this" fice, out of the money which has arifen, or (hall from time toaft#

time arife, from that bounty, for promoting and aflifting the fe-veral purpofes of this all, with refpell to any fuch livings or benefices as (hall not exceed the clear annual improved value of fifty pounds; and fuch mortgage and fecurity (hall be made for the repayment of the principal fums fo to be advanced, as are herein-before mentioned, but no intereft (hall be paid for the fame; and in cafes where the annual value of fuch living or benefice (hall exceed the fum of fifty pounds, that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid governors to advance and lend, for the purpofes of this all, any fum not exceeding two years income of fuch living or benefice upon fuch mortgage and fecurity as aforefaid, and fubjed to the feveral regulations of this ad, and to receive intereft for the fame, not exceeding four pounds for one hundred pounds by the year,

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may beC0^^ ** lawful for any college or hall, within the univerfities of Oxford£x^°ud and Cambridge, or for any other corporate bodies poiTefled of the another

patronage corporate bo-

Digitized by LiOOQle

dies patrons ofiivings, may lend any fums without intereft, to aid the execution ©t this aft.

Who is to aft for any patron who (hall be a minor, lu-natick, etc.

Writings not liable to ftamp duty.

Provifo, when the ordinary lhall be a body corporate! etc.

In certain cafes the content of the reftor, etc, nectflary.

Difputes touching the refidence to be determined by the ordinary.

Patron, etc. to make allowance to perfons for applying the money, etc. .

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. 0.53. [1777*

patronage of ecclefiaftical livings or benefices, to advance and lend any fum or fums of money, of which they have the power of difpofing, in order to aid and affift the feveral purpofes of this act, for the building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, of arty houfes or buildings for the habitation and convenience of the clergy, upon livings or benefices under the patronage of fuch college or hall, upon the mortgage and fecurity directed by this aft for the repayment of the principal, without taking any inte-reft for the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever the patron of any living or benefice, to which the provifions of this aft are propofed to be extended, (hall happen to be a minor, idiot, lu-natick, or feme covert, it (hall and may be lawful for the guardian, committee, or hufband of every fuch patron, to tranfa$ the feveral matters aforefaid for fuch patron, who (ball be bound thereby, in fuch manner as if he or (he had been of full age, of found mind, or feme-fole, and had done fuch aft, or given his or herconfent thereto.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That all afts herein-before required to be done or confented to by the ordinary and patron, (hall be done by the ordinary alone, when fuch ordinary (hall happen to be the patron of the living; and that no deed, bond, transfer, or other writing, inftrument, or proceeding, made, had, or done, under the powers or authority of this aft, fhall be charged or chargeable with any ftamp-duty, or fee of office, except as herein mentioned; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	Provided always, and.it is hereby further enafted. That in all cafes where any aft is required to be done by the ordinary, in the execution of any of the purpofes of this aft, and fuch ordinary (hall be a body corporate aggregate, every fuch aft (hall be done and fignified under the fealof fuch body corporate.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where the incumbent of any chapelry or perpetual cure (hall be nominated by the reftor or vicar of the parifh wherein the fame is fituated, in every fuch cafe the confent of fuch reftor or vicar, together with the confent of the patron of fuch reftory, (hall be neceflary in all fuch matters wherein the confent of the patron is required by the former provifions of this aft.

XVIII.	Provided likewife, and be it further enafted. That whenever any controverfy or difpute (hall arife, touching the refidence of the incumbent, with refpeft to any of the matters contained in this aft, the fame (hall be adjufted and determined by the ordinary of the diocefe.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the patron, ordinary, and incumbent, of any fuch living or benefice as aforefaid, or any two of them, of which the ordinary to be one, by writing under their hands, to make fuch allowance to the perfon or perfons to be nominated by them, for the purpofe of paying and applying the money fo

19

Digitized by Google

1777*1; Anno decimp fcptimo Georgii III. c. 53.	43j

to be ntifed as'aforefaid, as they (hall think fir, not exceeding the fum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds fo to be laid out and expended as aforefaid.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in all cafes in what man-where the patronage of any living or benefice herein-before de- ntr the con-feribed (hall be in the crowrt, and fuch living or benefice (hall be £ent of above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the king’s books, the b^inade* confent of the crown to the feveral proceedings hereby autho- known, in all rifed refpc6ting fuch living or benefice (hall be fignified by the cafes where lord-high treafurer, or firft lord commifiionerof the treafury for {^eiiPtlr®nal5* the time being; but if fuch living or benefice (hall not exceed ^own. m # the value of twenty pounds in the king’s books; fuch confent

(hall be fignified by the lord high chancellor* lord keeper, or com-miflioners of the great feal for the time being; or if fuch living or benefice (hail be within the patronage of the crown in right of the duchy of Lancafter, then fuch confent (hall be fignified by . the chancellor of the duchy fpr the time being, by writing under their refpedtive hands, in the form or to the effedl for that purpose contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed; and that in all fuch cafes where fuch deed is hereby required to be executed by the patron as well as the ordinary and incumbeot, fuch deep lhall be valid and effe&ual to all intents and purposes whatfo-ever, if executed by the ordinary and incumbent only, after fuch confent (hall have been obtained as aforefaid from tbe faid lord high treafurer, firft com mi (Goner of the treafury, lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords comchiifioners of the great feal, or chancellor of the duchy of Lancafter refpe&ively, as the cafe (hall be, pro-vided fuch confent mall be regiftered at the regifter office aforefcid.	.,

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be ^rdlo£®*-lawful for any archbi(hop or bi(hop of any diocefe, and alfo for "ont^n any any ecclefiaftical corporation foie or aggregate, being lord or lords wafte lands of any manor, within which there (hall be any wafte or common convenient for lands, parcel of the demefnes of fuch manor, lying convenient t!ic P.ur^fti for the houfe and buildings, and other the purpofes of this a&, jj™ aram a to grant a part or parts of fuch wafte or common lands in per- part thereof in petuity for the feveral purpofes of this' adf, leaving fufficient perpetuity, common for the feveral perfons having right of common upon elc*

fuch waftes or commons, and obtaining the confent of the leflee of fuch lands, if tbe fame (hall be in leafe.

Vox.. XXXI.	Hh

IS CHE*



Digitized by v^oosle

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III. c.jft. [1777-

SCHEDULE

To which the Bill refers.

FORM of tbi CONSENT of the ordinary and patron,

(to be written on parchment.)

^ B. reCtor, vicar, &Tr. fax the cafe Jhall be) of the parifti, cha-"• pelry, *r perpetual curacy, fax fir cafe /ball be) of in the county of	under	the	jurifdiCtion of the

Ordinary, having produced to us the faid ordinary, and patron of the faid church and living, a certificate under the hand of	a	lkilful	and	experienced workman,

or furveyor, of the (late and condition of the buildings upon the

f lebe belonging to the (aid church,* chapelry, or perpetual curacy, as the cafe /ball be) and of the valine of the timber, and other materials, thereupon, fit to be fold,or employed about fuch buildings 5 and alfo a plan, made by the faid of the work propofed to be done by new buildings and repairs upon the faid glebe, and an eftimate of the expence attending the fame, after applying the faid materials, or the money to arife from the fale thereof, in fuch buildings and repairs; and alfo a particular account in writing, figned by the faid A. B* of the annual profits of fuch living, and of the rents, ftipends, taxes, and other outgoings annually ifluing thereout, verified upon oath, purfuant to tne directions of au aCt, palled in the feven-teenth year of the reign of his majeftv King George the Third, to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making provlfion for the more fpeedy and cjfeflual building, rebuilding, r/-pairingy or purchaftng houfesy and other necejfary buildings and tene-ments% for the vfe of their benefices; and having confidered fuch certificate, plan, and account: now, we do approve thereof; and do confent, that fuch buildings and repairs (hall be made as therein fpecified; and that the laid A. B. do borrow and take up at intereft the fum of	y being the

eftimate of the expences, after deducting the value of the timber, and other materials, thought proper to be fold, and which appears to us, from the faid account, a fum not exceedfng two years neat income and produce of the faid living; which money is to be paid to	(a perfon nominated

by us and the faid A. 2?.) and applied according to the direction of the faid aCt.

FORM

Digitized by

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 53;

44 f

FORM of the MORTGAGE.

THIS indenture, made the	day	of

in the	year	of	the

reign of his Majefty	and	in	the year

of our Lord	^	between	the	reverend

re&or or vicar, fcfr. of the parifli church, curacy, or chapelry, of	in	the	county

of	and	the	diocefe of the bifhop of

of	of	the	one	part; and

of	of	the	other	part.

Whereas the faid	purfuant	to	the

directions of an aCt, palled in the feventeenth year of the reign * of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft to promote the refideme of the parochial clergy, by making provifm for the more fpeedy and ejfeftual buildings rebuilding, repairing or purchaftng houfes, and other necejfary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of their benefices, hath obtained the confent of the ordinary of the faid diocefe, and the patron of the faid church and living, to borrow and take up at intereft the fum of

to be laid out and expended in building, rebuilding, or repairing (as the cafe/ball be) the parfonage houle, and other neceffary of- , lices, upon the glebe belonging to the faid church, chapel, or curacy, as appears by an inftrument, figned by the faid ordinary ai^d patron, hereunto annexed: and whereas the faid

hath agreed to lend and advance the fum of ,	upon	a	mortgage	of	the	glebe,	tythes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the faid living, purfuant to the direction and the true intent and meaning df the laid aCt: now this indenture witnefleth, That the faid

in confideration of the fum of five (hillings to him in hand paid, and of the fum of

paid at or before the fealing and delivery hereof, into the hands of	(a	perfon	or	perfons*	(as	the	cafe	Jball be)

nominated by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to receive the fame, purfuant to the direction of the faid aCt (which nomination is alfo hereunto annexed) and which receipt of th# laid fum of	the	faid

have or hath acknowledged, by an indorfement on the back of this deed) hath granted, bargained, fold, and demifed, and by thefe prefents doth grant, bargain, fell, and demife, unto the faid ,

his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, all the glebe lands, tythes, rents, modufes, compofitioos for tythe, falaries, ftipends, fees, gratuities, and other emoluments and profits whatfoever, arifiug, coming, growing, renewing, or payable to the reclor, vicar, or incumbent (as the cafe /ball be) of the fiud living in refpeef thereof, with all and every thejr rights, privileges, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, ' to have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy the faid premifes, with ,	H	h	2	thefr

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feptlmo GeoAgii III. c. 53. [1777.

their and every of their appurtenances, unto the faid

his executors, adminiftrators, and alligns* from henceforth, for and during the term of	years,

fully to be complete and ended, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, and with fuch remedies and powers for obtaining and recovering the fame, and every part thereof, to all intents and purpofes, as the faid

his fucceffors, re&ors, vicars, Wr. (as the cafe fall be) of the faid church, could or might, or ought to have held, enjoyed, received, taken, or recovered the faqae, if thefe prefents had not been made:

[And the faid A\ B* for himfelf.

In cafes where the mortgage by this alt dir eft ed is to be irttide by the ordinary and patron alone, without the incumbent, this co-

his heirs, executors, and admi-ftrators, doth hereby covenant promife, and agree, to and with the faid

venant and provifo are to be Hiis executors,adminiftrators,and omitted, and the form is to be afligns, That he the faid A. 5* varied in fuch other refpefts as during the time he (hall continue fall be neceffary*	re&or,	vicar, lAc. of the faid

J parifh and parilh church, fhall and will well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the faid

his executors, adminiftrators, or 'afligns, intereft for the faid fum of

or lo much thereof as fhall remain due at the end of every year, to be computed from the day of the date of thefe prefents, after the rate of	per centum per annum,

by yearly payments, the firft of the faid payments to begin and be made on the	day	of

next; and alfo, at the feveral times before mentioned for payment of the intereft, as aforefaid, (hall and will well and truly pay, or caufe to be paid, the fum of five pounds per centum per annum of the principal which remained due at the beginning of the year in which every fuch payment is to be paid, in cafe the faid A. B. (hall be refident upon the faid living for the time men* tioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the faid a&; and in cafe the faid A. B. (hall not refide upon the faid living during the time mentioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad, he (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, the fum of ten pounds per centum per annum of the faid principal money, by fuch yearly payments as aforefaid, inftead of the faid fum of five pounds per centum per annum% and (hall and will continue fuchrefpedive payments of the faid intereft, and on account of the faid principal money, fo long as he (hall continue redor, vicar, lAc* (as the cafe fall be) of the faid parifti and parifn church, unlefs all the faid principal money, a,nd intereft for the fame, (hall be fooner paid and difeharged. Provided always, and thefe prefents are upon this condition, That if the faid A. B. and his fucceffors, (hall well and trulypay, or caufe to . be*paid, the faid principal money, and intereft for the fame, in manner and at the times aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the (kid ad, and of thefe prefents, and alfo all

coft*

Digitized by Google

443

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III, c, 53.'

coftsand charges which (hall have been occafioned by the nonpayment thereof, thefe prefents, and every thing herein contained, (hall.eeafe and be void,] Provided alfo. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid A. B, and his fucceflors, peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, poflefs, and enjoy, a)l and lingular the faid glebe lands, tythes, rents, modules, compofition for jtyt^hes, (Upends, fees, gratuities, and othir emoluments and profits whatfoever, arifing, or to arife, from or in refped of the laid living, until default (hall be made by him or them refpec-tively in tne payment of the intereft and principal, or fome part part^thpreotf, at the .times and in the manner aforefaid. In witneik, £$V. #

NOMINATION of a clergyman by the bijbop, to fettle any difpuU .. • about the proportion qf the, payments wifbin the year in which, any avoidance fbaU happen.

I The right reverend ^	bilhop	of

purfuant to the authority of an aft, parted in the feventeenth year of the reign of hisjnajefty King George the Third, intituled. An ad? to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making pro-vifion for the more Jjpeedy dnd effectual buildings rebuilding, repair-ingy or pur chafing* boufes,and other neceffary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of their benefices, do hereby nominate the reverend being a clergyman Within my faid dioceie, to adjuft and determine the matter in dilute between the reverend	cleric, the prefent incumbent of the

redory, vicarage, &c. of	within	my	diocefe,

and	the	reprefentatives	of the

the laft incumbent (in cdfiof his death) or the faid (in cafe of his refignation or promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the faid parties of the principal and ♦ intereft which accrued due within the year in which fuch death or other avoidance happened, according to the direction, true intent, and meaning of the faid ad. Given under my hand, this	day	of

AWARD and DETERMINATION of the clergyman nominated

by the bijhop.

I The reverend A. B. of	in	the	county of

and diocefe of the bifhop of clerk,having been nominated by the faid bifhop, purfuant to the power given by an ad, parted in the feventeenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled. An ad! to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making provfion for the more fpeedy and effe&ual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchaf-ing) ooufes, and other neceffary buildings and tenements, for the ufe of their benefices, to adjuft and determine the matter in difpute bell h 3	tween

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 53. [1777*

tween the reverend	clerk,	the prefent

jncutpbent of the reCtory, vicarage, lie. of within the laid diocefe, and	the repre-

feptatives of the laft incumbent [in cafe of his death) or the faid

(in cafe of his rejig nation or promotion) concerning the due proportibn to be paid by each of the faid parties, of the principal and intpreft which accrued due within the year in whfph fuch (death or avoidance) happened, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the faid a St$ and having heard and duly conGdered the faid matters fp referred to me as aforefaid, do aiward, adjudge, and determine, That the faid	(hall	pay,	in	refpeCt	of	the	intereft	and

principal which became due within the year aforefaid, the fum of and that the faid Ihall pay, in refpeCt of the fame, the fum of being the remainder thereof, according to the provifion and direction of the faid aCt. Given under ipy hand, this day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE,

[to he wrote ffl parchment.)

WE whofe names are fubferibed, being the ordinary, pa * tron, and incumbent, of the reCtory, vicarage, lie. of within the county pf and diocefe of the bjfhpp of	do hereby

nominate and appoint	of

to receive the money authorized to be railed by an aCt, pafled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his maiefty King George the intituled. An aft to promote the rejtdence of the parochial clergy* by mating provifion for the more fpeeay and effectual bpilding* rebuilding* repairing* or purebqfmg* houfes, and other necejjary build-ings and tenements* for the uje of their benefices* for the purpofe of building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchafing, the parfonage boufe, lie. [os the cafe fhall be) to the fpid reCtory, vicarage, lie. belonging, and to pay and apply the fame, and to enter into contracts with proper perfons for fuch buildings or repairs, and to infpeCt and take carp of the execution of fuch contracts, and fo take fiich receipts and vouchers, keep fuch accounts, and do and perform all fuch other matters and things, which nominees are authorised and required to do and perform in and by thp faid aCt, the faid	having	given	fecurity	for

the due application thereof, according to thp direction of the (kid

pCt. Given under our hands, thi$	 '

day of	  '	f

fORM

Digitized by

1777'] Anno dcctrao fcptimo Georgji III. c. 53.

FORM of ORDER of ti$ ordinary, patron* and incumbent, for 'j	laying	out	or	applying the Jurplus money.

WE whofe names are fubfcribed, being the ordinary, patron, fnd incumbent, of the redory, vicarage, &c. of in the county of and diocefe of the bifhop of	do	hereby	order.

That the fum of	now	remaining in the

bands of	the perfon nominated and

appointed to receive and apply the money raifed for building, repairing, (Ac. the parfonage houfe, (Ac. belonging to the faid rectory, vicarage, (Ac. under the a£t of parliament, pafled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft to promote the rthfente of the parochial elergy* by mating provifm for the more fpeedy and ejfeftual building, rebuilding* repairing* or pur chafing* houfe5, and other necejfary building! and tenements* for theufeof their benefices* (hall be [paid to being the perfon entitled to receive the money now remaining due on the mortgage made of the glebe lands, tythes, and other profits and emoluments of th? faid living, and applied in part of payment thereof, pqrfqant to the direction of the faid aCt] or [applied in building or repairing, (Ac. ( defcribing the fame) upon the glebe belonging to the faid living.] Given under our hands, this	day of

FORM of CERTIFICATE from the two clergymen f

WE, the reverend A. B. of	'	in	the

county of	clerk,	and C. D. of

c|erk, being two clergymen within the diocefe of the bifhop of do hereby certify to the faid bifhop, pur- ' fuant to the directions and inftruCtions fent by him to us. That we have made enquiry into the date and condition of the build-.ings upon the glebe belonging to the reCtory, vicarage, (Ac. of within the faid diocefe, at the time the reverend	clerk,	the	prefent incumbent thereof,

entered upon the faid living, which was in or about the year of our Lord	and	do	find

[That the fame have been kept in due and common repair, without any wilful negleCt, (if the cafe is fo) or [That the fame have, by wilful negligence, been fuffered to go to decay, and that they have fuftained damage, from a want of common arid ordinary repair, to the amount of	pounds]

and we have alfo enquired into the money received by the faid for dilapidations, from the reprefentatives of the former incumbent, and do find. That he hath received the fum of	for	fuch dilapidations; and [that

he hath expended the whole, or	thereof	{as	the	cafe

H h 4	may

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Anno decimo feptimo GeqRgii III. C. 53. [ 1777.

may be) in the neceflary repairs of the buildings] or [that the fame hath not been laid out or expended in repairing, the.buijdfogs] upon the glebe belonging to the And living. Given under out; hands, this *	day	of

FORM of the DEED of fate, or exchange, of lands or tytbes belonging to the thing or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the	day of

in the	year	of	the	reign	of

Jns majefiy King	and	in	the	year

6f our Lord	between	A.	B.

ordinary of the redlory, (vicarage, chaptlry, or perpetual cure, as the cafe Jhall be) of	in	the

county of	G.	D.6f

patron of the faid redlory, fcfc. and the reverend if. F. clerk, incumbent of the faid redlory, ifc. of the one parr, and G. JZ._of

of the other part. Whereas,ln the execution of an adt, patted in the feventeenth vear of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intitule^,' An att9 &c. [here fet forth the title of the atl) ,it hath been found convenient to purchafe (or exchange, as the cafe jhall be) certain lands, l?fc. [defcribeparticularly the lands pufchafed) lying near and convenient to the parfonage hotife belonging to the faid redloiy, £JV. (or, if the houfe Ve lately pur chafed) [lying near a certain menuage, houfe, or tenement, and buildings, lately purchafed for the habitation of the minifler of the faicUedlory, fio. under the powers pf the faid adt] and it hath bfe^n found mofl! convenient, and agreed by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, that the ^Tebe lands [or tythes, as the cafe JbM be)' herein-after defcVibed, belonging to the faid re&ory, (ic. (hall be fold, toraife the Aim iof	being	the	purchafe-nioney	for	thi

laid lands herein-before deferibed (or exchanged, if the fame is to be done by exchange, in 6rder to make an equivalent for fuch lands) and a contract hath been made with the faid (?. //. for the ab-folate fale, at theprice or fum of	*	(or

exchange, as the cafe Jhall be) of part of the glebe land (or of the tythes, as the caje fall be) belonging to the faid rectory, (Ac. herein-after mentioned; that is to fey,' (here defcribe. the particulars of the land or tythes prepofed to be fold or exchanged) which contract is hereby ratified and confirmed by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent: now this indenture witnetteth, That the faid A. B. C/Z). and E. F. in order to carry the faid contra A into execution, and to fulfil the purpofes of the faid recited adl, in purfuancc of the powers thereby to them given, and in confide-ration of the fum of	the	receipt	where-

of is acknowledged on the back of this deed; which fum hath been paid and applied In the purchafeof the lands herein before deferibed; have, and each of them hath granted, bargained, and {bid, (and exchahged, if thefame be by exchange) and by thefe pre-

fents

Digitized by UooQle

474

I777*J Anno decimo feptimoGEORGlllII. €*53.

fonts do, and each of them doth grant, bargain, fdf, (and ex-* change, ^ by exchange) unto the faid G. //. and his heirs and af* figns, all, £3fc. (here defcribe the lands or tythes, as the cafe Jbail be) with their and every of their rights, privileges* ana appurtenances, to hold to and to the ufe of the faid G. IL his heirs and afligns for even (If done by exchange, add the following words) [in exchangfe for certain lands which belonged to the faid G. H» and are, by indentures of equal date herewith, exchanged and conveyed to the faid C. D. in truft, for the foie ufe and benefit of the faid E. F. and his fucceffors, rectors, vicars, £5V. (as the cafe Jhall be) of the faid living or benefice, for the time being for ever.] And the faid A. B. C. D. and E. F. do hereby feverally eovenant for themfelves, their feveral executors and adminiftra^ tors, to and with the faid G. H. his heirs and afligns,That they, nor any of them, have or hath done apy adt whereby the faid lands {or tythes, as the cafe /ball be) can or may be incumbered j and that the faidG. H. his heirs and afligns, (hall and may, from time to time, for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the-faid glebe lands ot tythes (as the cafe J,hall be) according to the true intent and meaning Of-the faid adt, without any lett, hindrance* or interruption, of or from them, or any of them.

In witriefsj&r.

FORM of the DEED of purchafe or exchange of buildings or lands to be annexed to tht living or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the	day	of

in the	year of the reign of his majefty

King	and	in the year of our Loid

between A. B. of	ef	tlje	one part; C. D. ordinary

of the redtory, vicarage, chapelry, or perpetual cure {as the cafe fhcdl be) of *	in	the county of

F. of	patron	of	the	faid redtory, &c.

and the reverend G. Hclerk, incumbent of the faid redtory, WV. of the other part. Whereas there is no parfonage houfe belong* tag to the faid redtory, £3fc. {or) [the parfonage houfe belonging to the faid redtory, &c. is become fo ruinous and decayed {or fo mean) that it is not fit for the habitation of the minifter of the feid redtory,£ffr.] and one year’s neat income or produce of the faid living or benefice will not be fufficient to rebuild or repair the faid houfe, with the neceflary offices belonging thereto: and whereas a certain mefluage, houfe, or tenement, with the build* tags thereunto belonging, fituate in

the property of the faid A• 5. and lying within the diftance of yards from the church (or chapel, as the cafe /ball be) of the faid redtory, tAc. appears to the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, proper and convenient for the habitation and ufe of the minfter of the faid redtory, f§c. [and more commodious than the prefent houfe and buildings upon the glebe of the faid rectory, £sfr.] (in cafes where there are any); and a contradt hath been

made.

Digitized by L.ooQle

Anna dccimo feprimo Georgii III. 0.53*.	[1777^

made, by the direction and with the approbation and content of the faid ordinary, patron, arid incumbent, with the faid A\ B. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for the abfolute purchafe of the faid mef-fuage, houfe, or tenement, and buildings for the price or Aim of purfuant to the directions of ah aCt, patted in the feventeenth year of the reign of his majefty King Georgs the Third, intituled. An afff &c. {fet forth the title of the a&:) 1 [And whereas a contract has likewife been made 1 with the faid A. B.Asy the like direction, approbation, and confent, which is hereby likewife ratified and confirmed by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for theabfolute purchafe of the inheritance of a certain yard, garden, orchard, and piece or parcel of land (defcribing them particularly at the cafe flail be) lying near or convenient to the faid meUnage* houfe, tenement, and buildings, containing, by adr mcafurement,	for	the	price	or

Aim of	which	have	been	agreed	by

the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to be raifed by the fale (or exchange) of certain lands or tythes (as the cafe flail be) belonging to the faid rectory, &c. herein-after defcribed, purfuant to the powers given by the faid ad; viz. (here give a full defcription of the lands Jo agreed to be fold) ; (if the equi* valent is to be by exchange, then after the word incumbent left. mentioned, infert [and the faid A- B. to be exchanged for]certain lands^r tythes,c\asabove.)] Now this indenture witnetteth, That the laid A. B. fof and in confideration of the faid feveral fums of and	to him in hand paid for the purr

chafes aforefaid (if both tie buildings and lands are purcbafed for money); (but if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange, then) [in confideration of the faid fum of

for the purchafe of the faid mefifuage, houfe, or tenement, and buildings, and in confideration of the land (or tythes, as the cafe flail be) fo agreed to be exchanged as aforefaid, and intended to be conveyed to him the faid A, B. by the faid ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by indenture of equal date herewith] the receipt of which faid fum (or fums of money, as the cafe Jball be) [and acknowledgement of the faid exchange] (if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange) the faid A. B. hath admitted, by an in-dorfement on the back of this deed, h/th granted, bargained, and fold, and by thefe prefents doth grant, bargain, and fell, (if by exchange) [hath granted, bargained, fold, and exchanged, with, and] unto the faid E. F. and his heirs, all, fcfr. (here infert a full defcription of the buildings or lands fo intended to be conveyed, with their and every of their rights, privileges, and appurtenances) to hold to the faid E. F. and his heirs, in trull, for the foie ufe and benefit of the faid G. H. and his fucceffors, rc&ors, vicars, (Ac. (as the cafe flail be)jA the faitf living or benefice for the timp

being.

inferted when the lands are purchaftd from the fame per-fon who fells the houfe and buildings.

Digitized by

*777*] Anno decimo feprimo Georgii III. ,c. 53*

being, for ever: and the faid A.B for himfelf, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the faid E. F. and his heirs, That he hath good right to convey the faid meffuage, honfe, or tenement, and buildings, lands,

(as the	cofe.Jhall	be) and that he will	warrant the lame, for the

dies and purpofes aforefaid, for ever, free from all claims, charges, ?nd incumbrances whatfoever, by, from, or under him, or any of his anceltors. In witncis, (Ac.

FORM tf CERTIFICATE RESIDENCE.

WE, A. B. reftor, vicar, or officiating miniftet (as the cafe Jball be) of the parilh of	in the

diocefe of	clerk,	and	C.	D.	redtor,

vicar, er officiating minifter (as the cafe Jball be) of the parilh of within the faid diocefe, clerk, which faid parilhes of	and

are near adjoining to the parilh of	within	the

faid diocefe, do hereby certify, That E. F. reflor, vicar, ar'in-cumbent (as the cafe Jball be) of the faid parifoaad parilh church of	aforefaid,	hath refided upon his living

or benefice, within that parilh, for the fpace of twenty weeks, • between the	day of '

and the	day	of	laft.

Given under our hands, this	,	day of

FORM of CONSENT where the living or benefice Jball be in the patronage of the crown, or within the duchy «/rLancafter.

WHEREAS the living or benefice of

within the diocefe of	is in the

patronage of the crown, and rated above or under (as the cafe Jball be) twenty pounds per annum in the King’s books or of the chancellor of the duchy of Lanca (as the cafe Jball be)-, and application hath been made for building, (rebuilding, repairing, or purchafing, or exchanging, as the cafe Jball be) the parfonage houfe or other buildings or land (as the cafe Jball be) for the ufe of the faid living or benefice, in purfuance of the powers given for that purpofe, by an a<51 palled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his majefiy King George the Third, intituled. An to promote the	refidence of the parochial	, by making	for

the more fpeeiy and	ejfeffual	building, , , or pur-

ebafing,	houfes, and other	necejfary buildings and , for	the

ufe of their benefices; now I the right honourable firft lord commiffioner of the treafury, lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or chancellor of the duchy of	,	(as

if be cafe Jball be) being fatisfied that fuch building, rebuilding, repairing, purchafing, or exchanging, (Ac. (as the cafe Jball be) will be ap improvement and advantage to the faid living or benefice,

*	do

Digitized by L.ooQle

do hereby content. That facb buildings, repairs, purchafes, or exchanges, (as the cqft/ball he) (hall be made, according to the diredions and'the true intent and meaning.of the faid ad.

Given under tny hand, this	<	<lay	of

C A P. LIV.

An aft for defraying the expence of building a new goal and (hire-hall for the county of Weftmoreland.

CAP. LV.

An ail for the better regulating the bat manufaitory.

WHEREAS by two ails, one made in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, An ad for uttering of caps, and for true making of hats and caps;) and the other made in the firft year of the reign of King James the Firjl, (intituled, An ad for the better execution of former laws touching the making of hats and felts, and for the more reftraint of unlkilful and deceiveable workmanfhip therein ufed, to the wrong of all forts of recited; people of this qgakn;) it is declared, That noperfon or perfons Jhall mate or work any felt or hat, unlefs he or they /hall have firjl fervtd as apprentices to the trade or art of felt-making for the fpace of [even years; nor jet to work any other perfon or perfons than journeymen that ’	have lawfully ferved to that art9 and apprentices lawfully bound to that

art; nor fet to work in that art any perfon or perfons born out of the dominions of England, Scotland, and Ireland; and that nomakers or workers of hats Jhall have above the number of two apprentices at one time {except their own children) nor theft for lefts term than fevm years, upon pain of the feveral penalties and forfeitures p/eferibed by the faid refpeilive ails: and whereas, by reajon of the faid ails9 there is a fear city of journeymen inthe faid bufinefs throughout this kingdom: •may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be eluded; and be it enaded by the King’s 190ft excellent m^efty, ty and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au~ and repealed, thorily of the fame, That thefaid recited ad, palled in the eighth year of the reign of Que^n tLlizabeih9 (intituled. An aft for uttering of (aPh and for true making of hats and caps;) and alfo the faid ad pafled in the firft year of the rei^n of King fames the Firft,

. (intituled, An ail for the better execution offormer taws touching the making of hats and felts9 and for the more reftraint of un/kilful and deceivable workmanfhip therein ufed9 to the wrong of all forts of people of this realm,) be, and hereby are totally repealed.

Matter hat-	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further enaded. That every

makers to em-matter hatmaker (hall and is hereby required to take and employ ploy a jour- one journeyman hatter for every apprentice he (hall employ in neyman for the trade 0f hatmaking, provided there (hall be a fufficient num-prentierthev ^cr journeymen hatters, who have ferved as apprentices to Siail take, pro- the kid trade, offer themfelves for that employment; or in de-vidcd a fuffi- fault thereof, he (hall for ever thereafter be diubled from taking

•	more

Preamble. Afts 8 EJiz.

and 1 Jac. x.

Digitized by Google

1777*] Anno decimd feptimo Georgii III. c.55.	451

more than two apprentices to the f^id trade, in fuch manner ascent number he would have been if this aCt had not been made.	of	journeymea

III. And whereas, by an aft, made in the twenty-fecond year of tbe°t**9* em~ reign of his late majtfly King George the Second, (intituled, An aCt /	,

for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed Ri£cltaQ an by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in theaC 11 co* *" woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot-preflers, and of all perfons employed in the fa d feveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages;) provifton is made for the puni/hment of fuch journeymen and others employed in the feveral manufactures of hats or felts, and other the manufactures therein men-tinned, as Jhould at any time ad in, make, enter into, or be knowingly concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, ordinance* rule, or order, for regulating the trade, fettling the prices of goods, or for advancing their wages, or lejfening their ufual hours of work, or who Jhould depart from their fervice before the end of their hiring, or quit or return their work before the fame Jhould be finijhed according to agreement, or who Jhould wilfully damnify, fpoil, or deflroy any of the goods, wares, or work committed to their care, or wherewith they Jhould be intrujled; but fuch provifton hath been found ineffectual, by reafon that the perfons convicted of any fuch offences have a power to appeal to the juflices at a quarter feffions, againft any conviction, without being obliged to enter into recognizances for their appearance at futh fefftons to profecute fuch appeal, and abide the order of Jucb feffions; whereby they evade the punijbment inflicted by the faid a8, and hold the fame in contempt; be it therefore further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any journeyman hatter, hat-maker. Any journey-piece-mafter, fervant, workman, or other perfon wbatfoever, hal*c^ a employed in the making or finifhing of hats or felts, in any o^ha^ngen-branch thereof, (hall be convicted, in manner directed and pre- tered into any {bribed by the faid laft-mentioned aCt, of having kept up, aCted club, combi-in, made, entered into, figned, fealed, onhaving been knowingly reeled concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, declared ordinance, rule, or order, of any club, fociety, or combination, to be illegal* by the faid aCt declared to be illegal; or of prefuming or attempt-mgto put anyillegal agreement, bye-law,ordinance,rule,or order, in execution; or of departing from his iervice before the end of the time for which he was hired or retained ; or of quitting or or of not fi-retuming his work before the fame (hall be finiftied according his to. agreement; or of wilfully fpoiling or deftroying any goods, wares, or work: every fuch perfon fo convicted, before he, (he, mfnt> cfc# or they (hall be intitled to appeal to the juftices at the quarter * feffions againft any fuch conviction, or before the proceedings under fuch conviction (hall be fufpended, (hall enter into re- (hall, before cognizance, with two fufheient fureties, the principal in the fum ** allowed of ten pounds, and the two fureties in the fum of five pounds each, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the^^^3^^ county, city, or place where the offence lhall be committed, for into recogni-thc appearance of the perfon fo convicted at fuch quarter feffions, *ance to proto fccutc the ap*

Digitized by v^.ooQle

45%	Anno dccimo feptimo GeoRGii HI. c, 55. [1777.

pealf and	tCKprofecute fuch appeal, and abide the judgement and determi-

*ud^Cmcnt of nat*on the juftices at fuch general quarter feffions (which re-the^ufticet j * cognizances the faid juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby im-who (hall ft- Powercd and required to take); and the juftices, in the faid ge-nally deter* neral quarter feflions, are hereby authorifed and required to hear nine the fame, and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts, as to them ftiall appear juft and reafonable, to either party: and if upon the hearing fuch appeal, the judgement of the juftices, before whom the appellant (hall have been convidted, (hall be affirmed, fuch appellant (hall immediately be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction, in purfuance of the original order of conviction, there to remain for the time which (hall have been ordered and directed in fuch original order, and until the appellant (hall pay the cofts which (hall be awarded againft him by the juftices in fuch general quarter feffions of the •peace on the confirmation of fuch order.

IV. And, for the more effectual fupprejjion of all combinations among ftjourneymen hatters, and other perfons employed in the faid trade, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any per-fon or perfons whomfoever (whether employed in the faid trade or not) (hall attend any meeting, club, fociety, or combination, by the faid laft- mentioned aCt declared to be illegal; or (hall

If any perfon (hall attend, or folicit any journeyman hatter to at-

tend, any fuch fummons, give notice to, or calf upon, any journeyman hatter, unlawtuiclub#	other perfon employed in the faid trade, to attend any fuch

11 or€ • unlawful meeting, club, fociety, pr combination, or to pay any fum or fums of money whatfoever, as a fine, contribution, or fubfeription, for the ufe of any fuch unlawful meeting, club, fociety, or combination; or who (hall colledt, demand, or receive any fum or fums of money from any journeyman hatter, or other perfon employed in the faid trade, for any of the above purpofes; or (hall perfuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, or endeavour to perfuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, any journeyman hatter, or other perfon employed in the faid trade, to enter into, or be concerned in any fuch illegal meeting, club, fociety, or combination, or to turn out againft, or quit the fer-vice or employ of, the mafter hatter or mafter hatters, in whole fervice they may be employed ; or if any perfon or perfons (hall pay any fum or fums of money, or make or enter into any fub-money to^fup- feription or contribution whatfoever, for or towards the fuppor* port me lame; or encouragement of any fuch illegal meeting, club, fociety, or combination; every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convidted, before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, on the oath of one or more lie (hall be credible witnefs or witnefles, (hall, for every fuch offence, be committed for committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction’ for fuch 3 months. county, city, town, or place, at the diferetion of fuch juftices, there to be and remain without bailor mainprize for any time not exceeding three months.

A&5 Elia, in V. And he it enadted, That fo much of the adt parted in the p*a repealed, fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An ail ton-

taining

or (hall fub-feribe op pay any fum of

Digitized by

Google

453

trifling divers orders for artificers, labourers, fervants of hufbandry, apprentices, as extends, or may be conftrued to extend, to re-ftrain any perfon or perfons from fetting up, ufing, occupying, / and exercifing, the craft, myftery, and occupation of a matter hat-maker, hat-maker, or felt-maker, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons have been brought up as apprentices therein, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no ^°a^^a.^r perfon or perfons ufing or exercifing the trade of a matter hat- f\\*c0fpeaU* maker, hat-maker, or felt-maker, (hall, during the time of his in the execu-continuing to ufe or exercife fuch trade, be capable of afting as a bon of this juftice of the peace in the execution of this or any other aft re- etc# lative to the punittiment of any journeyman hat-maker or apprentice who (hall offend againft this or any other aft made for tin ulation of the faid trade.

Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this™saft n?* aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be con- aa^tGco. s. ftrued to extend, to repeal the faid aft made in the twenty-fecond etc, year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, *	'

or any of the provifions therein contained, or any of the afts therein mentioned; but that the faid provifions (hall remain in full force, and the penalties and forfeitures in the faid afts mentioned or recited, to which offenders are refpeftively fubjefted, may be levied, recovered, and inflifted, in the fame manner as fuch penalties and forfeitures might have been levied, recovered, and inflifted, before the making of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithttanding.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That it (hall An^^be-and may be lawful for any perfon convifted before one or more f-JJJT1, joftice] juftice or juftices of the peace, of any of the offences in this aft may appeal to mentioned, to appeal to the juftices of the peace afiembled at the the quarter next general feflions, or general quarter feflions, to be held for ftffions»

the county, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein fuch . .	.

conviftion (hall be made, giving immediate notice of the inten-tion of bringing fuch appeal, and finding fecurity, to the fatis- and finding* faftionof the juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviftion fufficient fecu-(hall have been made, for being prefent at fuch general feflions, rity for proper general quarter feflions, and for profecuting the faid appeal with effeft, and abiding the judgement of the court; and fuch effeft, etc. juftices, in fuch general feflions, or general quarter feflions, (hall finally hear and determine the matter, and (hall have power to award reafonable cofts to either party, as to them (hall feem juft; and if fuch conviftion (hall be affirmed at fuch feflions, fuch appellant (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe of cor-reftion for any time not exceeding three months.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by theautho- Limitation of rity aforefaid. That noaftion (hall be brought againft any juftice attioiu.

of the peace, conftable, headborough, or otherofficer, or againft any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any matter or thing whatfoever done or committed under.or by virtue, or in the Execution of this aft, unlels fugh action ihall be brought within *

.three

three calendar months next after the doing or committing fuch matter or thing. -

Defendant* X. Provided alfo, That if any adtion or fuit (hall hereafter be under this at commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any «nendCtffae, done ty virtue or in the execution of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become non-fuited, or fuffer difcontinuance, or forbear further profecution, or if judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, and recover fuch defendant or defendants (hall recover double cofts, for double coft*. which he, (he, or they, (hall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

PuWickadt. XI. And be it further enadted, That this adt (hall be taken and allowed to be a publick adt in all courts within this kingdom ; and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for amending and rendering more effectual the feveral laws now in beings for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and flli manufactures; and alfo for mating provifms to prevent frauds by journeymen dyers.

Preamble. \Kf H E R E A S by an a Cl, made in the twenty fecondyear of the; Recital of an V V reign of bis late majefly King George the Second, (intituled, aftaiGeo. *. An adt for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufadture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures; and for preventing unlaw-, ful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot-pre(E> ers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufadtures, and for the better payment of their wages;) it was enacted. That if any perfon or perfons wbatfoever, who Jbould be hired or employed to make any felt or bat, or to prepart or work up any wollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, or flli manu-faClures, or any manufactures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair or filk, or of any of the faid materials mixed one with another, Jbould, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred andJor ty-nine, purloin, embezzle, fecrete, ft 1I, pawn, exchange, or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of, any of the materials with zvhich he, Jhe, or they Jbould be reJpeCtively intrufted, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be or be not firfl wrought, made up, manufaCluredjor converted into merchantable wares,and Jbould be thereof lawfully convicted, in manner therein mentioned, before any onrer more jujiice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, diviflon, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence Jbould bo committed. Or Where the perfon or perfons fo charged Jbould rtfido or inhabit, it Jbould and might be lawful to and for the faid juftict or jufttus, by warrant a	under

Digitized by Google

1777*1 Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii IIL c.56.	455

under bis or their band and [cab or hands and feals, to .commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted to the houfe of corrections or other pub-lick prifon, of fuch county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town, or place, there Jo be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fourteen days, and alfo to order the perfon or perfons fo convicted to be once publicity whipped at the market-place, or Jome other publick place, of the city, town, or place, where fuch offender or cjj'enders Jhould be refpeClively committed; and in cafe of a further conviction, in manner before preferred by the faid aCJ, for or upon a fecond or ether [ubfequent offence of the fame kind, it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the jujlice or jujlices before whom fuch conviction Jhould be had, to commit the perfon or perfons fo again offending, to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, ana alfo to order the perfon or perfons Jo again offnding, to be publickly whipped at the market-place, or Jome other publitk place of the city, town, or place, where fuch offender or offenders Jhould be refpeClively committed, twice, or oftencr, as to fuch jujlice or jujlices foould appear reafonable: and whereas it is thought neeffry to vary the punifoment for the offences herein-before recited; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and .commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from mu^ and after the firft day of July, one thoufand leven hundred and prescribes feventyfeven, fo much or the faid recited adt as preferibes what the punifh-the punilhmenrt (hall be in any of the cafes before-mentioned, ment to be or before whom fuch convidtion (hall be had, whether for a firft infixed for

offence, or a fecond, or any fubfequent offence, (hall be repealed ;

. . ^	.	..	r	r\	1	• n* * pawning, etc.

and initead of inflicting the pumftiment fo directed, the juftices materials,

of the peace before whom the convi^ion (hall be, (hall commit is hereby retire perfon convidted to the houfe of correction, or other pub-lick prifon, there to be kept to hard labour, in the cafe of a firft	pu*

offence, for any time not lefs than fourteen days, nor more than fubitimied in. three months; and in the cafe of a fecond or any fubfequent of- (lead thereof, fence, for any time not lefs than three months, nor more than fix months; and may likewife for the firft, or for any fubfequent offence, order the perfon convidled to be once publickly whipped, if fuch additional punilhment (lull by the faid juftice or juftices be deemed proper.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho- No perfon to rity aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons, who (hall be charged be

with any offence or offences againft the faid recited adt of lfie^0Cmfticc»C twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George^ * the Second, (hall be liable to be convidled, unlefs before two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed; any thing contained in the faid recited adt to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III.	And whereas, by the faid aCl

reign of his late mr.jejly King George....---------------------^

That tf any perfon or perfons foould buy, receive, accept, or take, by orc al way of gifts pawn, pledge, Jale, cr exchange, or in any other manner

Vol. XXXI.	II	what-

of the twenty-fecond year of the Recital of a

* tlifi RernnA. it nn/u el in tnnfisA claurein the

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

whatfoever, of or from any perfon or perfons hired or employed to make any felt or hat, qr to prepare or work tip the woollen, linen, fuflian,, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, orfllk manufactures, or any manufaClures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair, or filk, or of any of the faid materials mixed one with another, any tbrumbs or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, or any leather, mohair, or filk, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be or be not firfl wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the perfon or perlons, of whom he, Jhe, or they, fio buy, receive, accept, or take, the Jaid materials, to be fo hired or employed as afore-faid, and not having firfi obtained the confent of the perfon or perfons Jo hiring or employing him, her, or them, who Jhould offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or othcrwije di.pofe of, the faid materials; or Jhould buy, receive, accept, or take, in any manner whatfoever, of or from any other perfon or perfons whomfoevsr, any of the Jaid materials, whether the fame be or be not firjl wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the fame to be Jo purloined or embezzled; then, and in every fuck caj'e, the perfon or perj'ons fo buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, anyjuch materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in manner before prefiribed by the faid aCt, for the conviction of perfons purloining or embezzling the Jaid materials,Jhould,for the firfl offence, forfeit the Jum of twenty pounds \ and in cafe the faid forfeiture Jhould not be immediately paid, the jufiice or jujlices before whom fiuch conviction Jhould be had, fl)0uld commit the party or parties fo convicted to the honje oj correction, or ether publick prifon as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace offourteen days, unlefs the faid forfeiture Jhould be footer paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the faid fourteen days the Jaid forfeiture Jhould not be paid, the faid juflice or jujlices is and are thereby impewered and required to order the perfon or perfons fo convicted to be publickly whipped at the marketplace, or fome other publick place, of the city, town, or place, where J'uch ofllnJcr or offenders Jhould be refpeCtively committed, once, or oftener, as to fuch juflice or jujlices Jhould appear reafonable; and in cafe oj a further conviction for or upon a fecond or any other fiubfcqucnt offence of the fame kind, the perfon or perfons jo again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before preferibed by the faid aCt, Jhould, for every fccond or other fuhjcquent offence, forfeit the fium of forty pounds \ and in cafe the Jaidforfeiture Jhould not be immediately paid, the jujiice or jujlices before whom J'uch conviction Jhould be had, Jhould commit the party or parlies fo convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, unlefs the faid forfeiture Jhould be fooner paid \ and if within fiven days before the expiration of the time for which fuch offender or offenders Jhould be Jo committed, the jaid forfeiture Jhould not be paid, the faid jujlne or jujlices is and are thereby impowered and required to or dir fuch offender or offenders to be publickly whipped at the market-place, or fome otlcr publick place, of the city, town, or place, where he, Jhe, or they flmld be rejpeClively committed, twice, or oftener, as to fuch jujiice or jujlices Jhould appear reafonable: and the faid re/peCJive forfeitures of twenty pounds and forty pounds, when recovered, efter jc-tisjaction flow Id have been made tbireout to the party or parties injured,

tog*-

Digitized by Google

457

1777-3 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 56.

together with ftich cojis of profecution 1is Jhould be judged reafonable by tbe jujlice or jujliccs before whom fuch conviction Jhould have been had9 Jhould be equally diftributed amongjl the poor of the parijh or place where the perfon or perfons fo convicted Jhould refde or inhabit: and zvhereas it is thought neieff .ry to imreofe the pecuniary penalties directed by the faid recited aCt for the faid offences loft mentioned, and to vary the application of the faid penalties for the Jame, and further to change the eonfequences of nonpayment ; be it therefore further enabled, That, So much of from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hun- the faid ad, dred and feventy-feven, fo much of the faid recited ad of the a* the twenty-fecond of his late majefty King George the Second, as ^buying^ enads what the penalty or punifhment fhall be for fuch buying, receiving, etc. receiving, accepting, or taking, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, fale, of any good* or exchange, or in any other manner, as is deferibed by the faid in *.he la{*-ad, in the terms aforefaid, and how fuch penalty fhall be applied,	C

and what punifhment (hall be inflided in cafe of nonpayment, repealed} * fhall be repealed; and inftead thereof, the penalty for the firft and otherpu-offence (hall be any fum not more than forty pounds, nor lefs njfhnients fob-than twenty pounds, as the juftices before whom the convidion	**

fhall be (hall judge to be molt proper; and every fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be applied, under the diredion of the juftices before whom the conviction fhall be, in manner following; (that is to fay) In the firft place, the expences of the profecution (hall be thereout defrayed; and then fuch fatisfadion fhall be made thereout to the party or parties injured, as the faid juftices fhall think proper; and afterwards fo much of the laid penalty fhall be paid to the informer or informers as fuch juftices fhall think fit, not exceeding, in any cafe, ten pounds; and the remainder, if any, fhall be paid and diftributed to and amongft the poor of the parilhjtown, or place, where the convidion fhall be, or for the ufe of fuch publick charity or charities as fuch juftices (hall appoint: and if fuch pecuniary penalty as aforefaid fhall not be paid on convidion, the laid juftices fhall commit the perfon con-vided to the houfe of corredion, or other publick prifon, there to be kept to hard labourfor any time not more than fix months, nor lefs than three months, as the faid juftices fhall think fit to dired, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid; or the faid juftices may fend the perfon convided to the houfe of corredion, or other publick prifon, there to remain for three days, cxclufive of the day of commitment, with an order that within the faid time the perfon fo convided (hall be once publickly whipped at fuch market-place, or other publick place, as aforefaid.

IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That, How iuft from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hun- whenoffend-dred and feventy-feven, if any perfon or perfons fhall be brought ers are before any juftices of the peace, and fit all he charged upon oath, brought bear (being of the people called Quakers) upon folemn affirmation, th*m £or of having been guilty of buying, receiving, accepting, or taking,	g	*

by way of gift, pawn, pledge, fale, or exchange, or in any other manner, as is deferibed by the faid recited ad, in the terms

I i 2	a/ore-

458	Anno	decimo	feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 56. [1777.

aforefaid, and it Hull appear to fuch juftices that the perfon or perfons fo charged hath or ha\e been already conviCled of the Ike offence for which he, (he, or they is or are then charged, that then fuch juftices (hall not proceed to conviCl fuch perfon or perfons, but Ihall commit him, her, or them to the houfe of correction, or fome other publick prifon, there to remain until the next general or general quarter feflions of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hall have been committed, or until fuel! offender or offenders (hall have entered into a recognizance to anfwer for fuch offence at the faid next general or general quarter feflions ; and the juftices in fuch general or general quarter « feflions are hereby authorised and required to take cognizance H1**1 thereof, and to hear and determine the fame; and if fuch perfori vifttd^beicTe"	be conviCkd upon the oath, or (being of the people called

the quamr Quakers) upon the affirmation, of one or more credible witnefs ftflions, Hull or witneffes, the perfon fo convicted (hall forfeit and pay, for fuch offence, any fum not more than one hundred pounds, nor lefs than fifty pounds, as the faid juftices (hall judge to be moft proper ; and every fuch penalty (hall be applied and difpofed of, under the direction of the faid juftices in their general or general quarter feflions, in fuch manner and proportions as the penalty herein before impofed for the firft offence of the like nature is by this aCt directed to be applied and difpofed of; and if fuch penalty (lull not be paid on conviction, the faid juftices (hall commit the perfon fo convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not more than fix months, nor lefs than three months, as the faid juftices (hall in their diferetion think fit, unleff fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid; or the faid juftices may fend the perfon convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, there to remain for three days, cxclulive of the day of commit-- ment, with an order that within the faid time fuch perfon Ihall be once publickly whipped at fuch market-place, or other publick place as aforefaid.

V.	And whereas many frauds are prafiifed, in refpeft to fuch materials as aforefaid, by perfons who fell them knowing them to have Perfons fell-	purloined	or embezzled; be it therefore further enaCted, Thar,

1 ' ’ 5|tAfuuf* 3*ter l*,e hift day of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and

HM o 'IsaV1 feventy-feven, if any perfon Ihall fell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of, or offer to fell, pawn, pledge, th"m exchange, or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of, any fuch materials n.ive b-cn as aforefaid, whether wrought or umv< ought, mixed or unmix-p/ill \>t u'bie c^9 knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled, every ti‘ ,ae (4,ne fuch perfon, lawfully convicted, Ihall be liable to the fame pu-j. i. tiin* ehr as nilhment as he or (lie would be liable to by virtue of this ad, on hc;ng convicted of receding purloined or embezzled materials,

*knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled.

*	VI	And	Valero:* fuck ?ra 'trials as afore\aid, which have been

f*Uf Lined or eu.hczzhd, arc ircqiunih received by perfons knowing the Jam* to have been Jo pur da a d or embezzled; and juAn materials being

afterward$

forfeit trym 50I. to tool.

or be committed, etc.

Digitized by

1777-1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii ITT. c. 56.	459

afterwards worked up, or otherwife difpofed of, renders it difficult to convict fich offenders ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of July, one How juftic thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, when a ivy perfon or perfons (hall be btought or charged upon oath, before any two perfonscharg-or more juftices of the peace, by virtue of this aft, with being eH on oa»h 5 fufpefted of, or with having purloined or embezzled, or with with b?ing having received any fuch materials as aforefaid, whether the fame be wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing ^7z?cdrurii the fame to have been either purloined or embezzled, or received miteriab, or from fome perfon or perfons not* intitled to difpofe thereof, and of having r$-it fhall be made appear upon the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon the affirmation of one or more credible to have witnefs or witneftes, to the fatisfaftion of fuch juftices, that fuch been em-perfon or perfons hath or have purloined or embezzled,or hath or bezzled, etc, have received any fuch materials as aforefaid,knowing the fame to have been purloined or embezzled,or received from fome perfon or perfons not intitled difpofc thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices or for the juftices at their general or general quarter feftions of the peace, and they are hereby refpeftively authorifed and impowered (if they fhall think fit) to convift fuch perfon cr perfons of having purloined or embezzled, or of having received fuch materials as aforefaid, knowing the fame to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from fome perfon or perfons not intitled to difpofe thereof, although no proof lhall be given to whom fuch materials belong; and the perfon or perfons fo convifted (hall, for every fuch offence, be fubjeft to fuch and the like penalties and puniftvments, at the difcrecion of fuch juftices refpeftively, as perfons convifted of buying or receiving any fuch materials as aforefaid, knowing the fame to have been purloined or embezzled, are by this aft fubjeft and liable to.

VII.	And whereas, by the faid recited aft of the tivcnty-fcond of King George the Second, it was alfo enacted, Tint if any perfon or perfons 'ntrujled with any of the materials therein and herein-before recited, > mentioned, in order to prepare, work-up, or manufacture the fame,

Jhould not ufe all fuch materials in the preparing, working-up, or manufacturing, of the fame, and Jhould negkCt cr delay, for the /pace of twenty-one days after fuch materials Jhould be prepared, worked\ip, or manufactured, to return (if required by the owner or owners of fuch materials fo to do) fo much of the faid materials as Jhould not be ufed as aforefaid, to the perfon or perfons intrufing him, her, or them therewith, fuch mgleCl or delay Jhould be deemed a purloining or embezzling of fuch materials; and the perfon or perfons fo neglecting or delaying, being thereof convicted in manner therein-before prefer ibed for the conviction of offenders againjt the faid ad, Jhould fuffer the like punijhment as perfons convicted of purloining or embezzling any of the materials therein-before mentioned, are by the faid aef rendcred fubjeCt and liable to: and whereas the /pace of twenty-one days, allowed by the faid recited ad, is thought too long a time to be allowed for returning the faid materials, under the circumftances, and in manner aforefaid; and it may beprope~ to make the punijhment for not n-

li^	tuning

4^o

and altered.

Another claule of the laid ad recited,

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 56. [ 1777-

turning fuch materials the fame as for purloining or embezzling under this aft; be it therefore further ena&ed, That, frbcn and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, fo much of the faid recited aCt as allows twenty-one days after the preparing, working-up, or manufacturing the faid materials, for returning fo much of the faid materials as fhall not -be ufed in fuch preparing, working-up, or manufacturing, and declares that the punilhment for not fo returning the faid materials within the faid time, (hall be the fame as under the faid aCt is directed for purloining or embezzling, fhall be repealed $ and only eight days (hall be allowed for returning the faid materials in manner aforefaid; and the punilhment for not returning them within the faid eight days (hall be the fame as is by this aCt directed to be inflicted for purloining or embezzling.

VIII.	And whereas, by the faid aft of the twenty-fecondyear of the reign of his late maiejly King GCorge the Second, it is tnafted. That,from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty-nine, if any perfon who fbould be hired, retained, or employed, to prepare or work-up any of the manufafturet therein-before mentioned, for any one majler, fh:uld negleft or refute the performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himfelf or herfelf to be Jubfequently retained or employed by any other mafter or perfon what fo ever, before he or Jhe fbould hove completed the work which be or Jhe was firjl and originallyfo hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was firft delivered to him or her; then, and in every fucb cafe, the perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully tonvifted by the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more juft ice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences fbould be committed, fbould be fent to the houfe of correftion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month; and whereas the faid provifion contained in the faid recited claufe is not found fuffeient for the purpofe intended, and U is apprehended that fome other provifion, more proper, may be made \ and repealed, be it therefore further enaCted, That, from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, the Any perfon whole of the faid laft-recited claufe (hall be repealed ; and that, being employ- from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hun-ed to work-up jrec| ancj feventy-feven, if any perfon, being hired, retained, or fhalVn^	t0	PrePare	or	work-up	any	materials,	whether	mixed

perform the or unmixed, for any mafter or maflers, (hall wilfully negleCt or fame for s refule the performance thereof for eight days fucceflively $ or days,etc fhall having taken in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for

U	...	»1««	■	r\	r	J	’	.

manufacture, from one mafter, or two or more mafters, being co-partners, (hall afterwards take in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for manufacture, from any other mafter or mafters 5 or (hall procure, or permit himfelf or herfelf to be employed or retained in any other occupation or employment vvhat-foever fooner than eight days before the completion of the work firft taken; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convi&ed by the oath, or (being of the people

called

b' lent to the bonfe of cor-i't&iou.

Digitized by L.ooQle

4&i

1777*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III c. 56.

called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before two or morejuftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences (hall be committed, rhall be fent to the houfg of correction, or other publick prifon, there to be kept to hard labour fcr any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month.

IX.	And whereas it frequently happens that perfons receive the/aid

materials in fitlitious names, in order to be manufactured; and that perfons receive fuc'• materials in their own names, in order to be manufactured by them]elves, and afterwards deliver the fame to others to be manufacturedwithout the knowledge or confent of the owners thereof ; and that carriers, or other perfons employed to deliver materials to workmen to be prepared or manufactured, do deftgnediy deliver fuch materials to other perfons than thofe intended by the owner of fuch materials', be it therefore further enaCted by the authority afore-	r

faid, That, from and after the faid firit day of July, one thoufand

feven hundred and feventy-fevtn, if any perfon (hall receive any any materials of the aforefaid materials in a fictitious name, in order to be ma- to be manu-nufaCtured; or if any perfon (hall receive in his or her own	in	a

name any of the faid materials, in order to be manufactured byn!jn^00*r himfelf or herfelf, and afterwards deliver the fame, or any part (hah deliver thereof, to any other perfon to be manufactured (without the the fame to confent of the owner thereof;) or if any carrier, or other per- without^ fon employed to deliver any fuch materials to any workman, t0 the*confent of be prepared or wrought up, (hall defignedly deliver the fame to the owner,etc. any other perfon than the perfon to whom fuch materials werehelhall be lia-ordered or intended to be delivered by the owner thereof; all and bl«to the fame every perfon and perfons offending in any of the cafes aforefaid,

(hall, for every fuch offence, be liable to profecution, in the fame Jewing to *cr-manner, and to the fame punifhment, as is by this aCt directed form ihcir in refpeCt to perfons taking in any of the faid materials in order work, etc. to work up, and afterwards wilfully neglecting or refufing the performance of their work for the fpace of time aforefaid.

X.	And whereas it frequently happens that materials ufed in /ta Preamble. manufactures before mentioned, are found\ or known to be concealed in

the pof ijfion of perfons who have received the fame, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, or of perfons known not to be entitled to dif-poje of the fame; and whereas the difeovery and conviction of the pur -loiners and embezzlers, buyers and receivers, offuch materials, is full of difficulty, from the clofe and clandejline manner in which the offence is committed; and there is /tillgreater difficulty in proving whofe property fuch materials arc; and it would tend to the difeouragement and fuppreffion of fuch offences, if the difeovery and conviction of fuch offenders were rendered more eafy: and whereas, by the faid recited aCf of the twenty ffecond year of his late majefy King George the Second, jujlices of the peace, after conviction of any offender for purloining or embezzling the faid materials, or for buying or receiving the fame, are autborifed to grant warrants for jearthing the houfes and other places of the perfons fo convicted, but no fuch authority is given before conviction, nor in any other houfe or place, except fucb as belongs to o perfon

Ii4

• convicted ;

cd in any houfe, etc. may grant a warrant for fearching the lams.

How perfcns (hall be pu-mflicd, in whofe poffef-

462	Anno	decimoTeptimo	Georgii III. C. 56.	[1777.

Jurtice*i©n re- convicted; be tt therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall and may ceivmg com- lawful for any two juftices of the peace of any county, riding, fhT^emb °z *	^i vi (ion, city, liberty, town, or place, upon complaint made to

zitd materials them, upon oath, by any one credible perfon, or (being of the are fufpedted people called Quakers) upon foleinn affirmation, that there is to be conceal- caufe to fufpett that any fuch purloined or embezzled materials, whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or urtwrought, are concealed in any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, yard, garden, or other place or places, by virtue of a warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe every fuch dwelling houfe, out-houfe, yard, garden, or place, to be fearched in the day-time: nnd if any fuch materials, fufpeded to be purloined or embezzled, fhall be found therein, to caufe the fame, and the perfon or perfons in whofe houfe, out-houfe, yard, garden, or other place, the fame (hall be fon fndi ma- found, to be brought before any two juftices of the peace for the found be fame.county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place; and if the faid perfon or perfons (hall not give an account, to the fatisfadlion of fuch juftices, how he, (he, or they came by the fame, then the faid perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and (hall be punched in manner herein after mentioned, although no proof (hall be given to whom fuch materials belong.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That every peace-officer, con-ftable, headborough, or tythingman, in every county, city, town corporate, or other place, where there (hall be officers, and every beadle witliin his ward, parilh, or diftritt, ar.d every watchman, ions Ui(petted during fuch time only as he is on his duty,* (hall and may ap-©f having cr prehend, or caufe to be apprehended, all and every perfon or fin f,t^nHCr l)cr^ons who may reafonably be fufpetted of having or carrying, maVer’M> M'- or any ways conveying, at any time after fun-fetting and before petted to be fun-rifing, any of fuch materials fufpetted to be purloined or purloined, etc. embezzled, and the fame, together with fuch perfon or perfons, as foon as conveniently may be, convey or carry before any two juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, within which the fufpedled perfon or perfons (hall be apprehended; and if the perfon or perfons fo apprehended in conveying any fuch materials, (hall not produce the parry or parties duly intitled to difpofe thereof, from whom he, (he, or they bought or received the fame, or fome other credible witnefs, to teftify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon foJemn affirmation, to the falc or delivery of the laid materials (which oath or affirmation refpeftively fuch juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) or (hall not give an account, to the fatisfattion of fuch juftices, how he, (he* or they *	came	by the fame; then the faid perfon or perfons fo appre-

hended (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and be punifhed in manner herein-after mentioned, although no proof (hall be given to whom fuch materials belong.

Juflice* may, XII. Provided always, and be it further enatted. That in ei-ar the retpidt ther 0f t|ie two cafes laft before mentioned, when any perfon or broo^ut be- Pcr^on5» who IhaU be fought before any two juftices of the 1	’	peace,

Peace-efficers in towns corporate, etc. may apprehend all per

Digitized by v^ooQle

1777.]	Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 56.	463

peace, (hall requeft of fuch juftices to appoint a reafonable time fore them, to produce the perfon or perfons duly intitled to fell or difpofe of the fame, of or from whom he, (he, or they bought or received to%oduc?the the fame, or fome one or more credible witnefs or witnefles perfons inti-to prove‘the fale or delivery thereof; then, and in fuch cafe, it tied to difpofe (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices, and they are hereby °f fhc matc* authorifed and required to appoint fuch reafonable time as afore- n ,,ctc* faid, and to iflue out a fummons to the conftable or other peace officer of the parilh or place where fuch perfon or perfons, or fuch witnefs or witnefles, (hall refpe&ively refide, requiring him, her, or them to appear before two or more juftices, at fuch time and place as (hall be fo appointed by fuch juftices, in order to be examined and give evidence on oath, or (being of the people called Quaker*) folemn affirmation, of the feveral matters aforefaid ; but fuch perfon or perfons, at the time of making fuch On the per* requeft, (hall enter into a recognizance, with or without furety fons making or lureties, as fuch juftices (hall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them, at the time fo to be fet, or, for^^g^11 want of fuch recognizance as aforefaid, (hall be committed until zance, etc. the time that (hail be fet or appointed by the faid juftices for the appearance of fuch party or parties, witnefs or witnefles; and if at fuch appointed time fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convidted of any of the offences aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, he, (he, or they, (hall fuffer fuch punifhment as is herein*before diredled to be inflidled on perfons guilty of fuch offences.

XIII. And be it further enadled. That where any perfon or On any perfon perfons (hall be convi&ed of a mifdemeanor in either of the ed "f a^ifde* two cafes laft before mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for mcaftort a8 the juftices before whom the conviction (hall be, to caufe the aforefaid, the faid materials fo found or feized as aforefaid, to be depofited in materials fo the hands of the churchwardens or overfeers at the poor of the f°und (hall be place where fuch materials (hall be found or feized, or in any the h^nds^f other convenient place, for any time not exceeding thirty days ; the chu>ch-and in the mean time to order the faid churchwardens and over- wardens, ctp. feers of the poor, or one of them, to infert an advertifement iu fome one or more of the publick newfpapers ufually publifhed or circulated in or near fuch place, or otherwife to caufe notice to be given by fome publick crier, and by fixing on the church or chapel door notice deferibing fuch materials, and where the fame are fo depofited, to the end that perfons having loft fuch ' materials, or any reputable perfon or perfons in their behalf, may come and claim the fame: and in cafe any perfon or perfons can If any perfon prove his, her, or their property in the faid materials upon oath, can Prov* hi* or (being of the people called Quakers) upon his, her, or their fhe^id^nat*-folemn affirmation, to the fatisfaeftion of any two juftices of the r;a|s they peace for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or (hall’be deli-place, then fuch juftices fhall order reftitution of fuch materials v*red to him. to the owner or owners thereof, after paying the reafonable charges of removing, depofiting, and giving publick notice of ^Q^g °etcrc‘ the fame; but if, before the end of the faid thirty days, no per- Butifnoper-fon or perfons (hall come and prove his, her, or their property fon prove his

in Property in

Digitized by Google

464

them, they (ball be fold, etc.

Penalty on perfons having in their pofteflion materials fufpedt cd to be purloined, etc.

Forfeiture! may be levied by diftrefs.

On failure of ditt rels, offender to be •om nutted.

Anno decimo feptimo Gkorgii III. c.56. [1777.

in fuch materials, nor any reputable perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, then the laid juftices (hall order and diredk the fame to be fold for the beft price that can reafonably be had, and after deducing fuch charges as aforefaid, together with the charges of fale, one moiety of the money arifing from fuch fale (hall be given to the perfon or perfons, or either of them, \yho (hall apprehend or profecute the offender or offenders guilty of either of the mifdemeanors aforefaid, as the faid juftices (halt appoint; and the other moiety thereof, either to and amongft the poor of the parifh, town, or place, where the convidlion (hall ihall be, or to fuch publick charity or charities as the juftices convicting (hall appoint.

XIV.	And be it further enadle:?, Th^t every perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, in having in his or her pofleffion any materials fufpedted to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitied todif-pofe of the fame, of whom he or fhe bought or received the fame, nor giving a fatisfadlory account how he or (he came by the fame; or of a mifdemeanor in having, carrying, or conveying, of the faid materials fufpedfed to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitied to dif-pofe of the fame, of whom he or fhe bought or received the lame, nor any credible witnefs to teftify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon folemn affirmation, the fale or delivery thereof, nor giving a fatisfadfory account how he or fhe came by the fame, (as the cafe fhall be) (hall, for every fuch mifdemeanor, forfeit, for the firft offence, the fum of twenty pounds; and for the fecond offence, the fum of thirty pounds; and for every fubfequent offence, the fum of forty pounds: all which faid refpedtive forfeitures (hall and may be levied by dif-trefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender (rendering to him or her the overplus, after charges of the faid diftrefs and fale dedu&ed) bv warrant under the hands and feals of the juftices before whom fuclv offender (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty; of which forfeiture, one moiety (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and amongft the poor of the parifh, town, or place, where fuch convidlion (hall be, or to fuch publick charity or charities 39 the juftices convidting (hall appoint; and if no fufficient diftrefs (hall be found whereon to levy the faid refpedtive forfeitures, then the faid juftices (hall and may commit every fuch offender, fo refpectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforefaid, to the common gaol, or other prifon, or houfc of corredtion, within his or their jurifdidtion, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of one month, for the firft offence; and for the fecond offence, for the fpace of two months; and for every fubfequent offence, for the fpace of fix months.

XV.	And whereas it. fometimes happens, by occafion of the very long detention of fuch materials as aforefaid, delivered out to journeymen or other perfons employed to work up the fame, it cannot be known to the mailer or owners of fuch materials, whether the fame may have been purloined or embezxled, *r whether the faid materials are wholly

or

*

Digitized by

1777-1 Annp dcdmo feptimo Georgii III. C.56.	465

Hr in part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in what Jlate or condition fuch materials may be: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and.after the faid firft: day of July, one thou - Owners of fand feven hundred and feventy-feven, it (hall be lawful for the JTvercd*1* ***" owner or owners of any fuch materials, from time to time, as jourrnCyme„f occafion (hall require, to demand entrance, and enter, at all fea- etc. to be * fonable hours in the day-time, into the (hops or outhoufes of worked up, any perfon or perfons employed by him or them to work up any JP*?* ath.ali of the faid materials, or other place or places where the work hour^enter (hall be carried on, and there to infped the ftate and condition their (hops o» of fuch materials; and in cafe of refufal, by any fuch perfon orouthoufet, to perfons fo employed, to permit fuch entrance or infpedion, he, inrP*tt their (he, or they fo refufing, (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, pa^Uy on not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, as therefufai Qf en-juftices, before whom he, (he, or they lhall be convided, (hall trance, etc. think proper, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as is by this ad direded for the mifdemeanor of being in the pofleflion of any fuch materials, without being able to account fatisfadorily for fuch pofleflion.

XVI.	And whereas the faid recited aCJy of the twenty fecond year ef the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, contains no frovifon for the protection and recovery of the tools and implements with which any perfon or perfons employed in preparing, working up% cr manufacturing, fuch materials as aforefaidy Jhall be entrufted for that purpoje; nor any provifm in refpeCl to the drugs and ingredients vfed in dyingy prepay ingy or manufacturing yfuch of the faid materials as are usually dyedy preparedy or manufaClured\ be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the faid firft day of July% one thou-A11 l*n*h,e» fand feven hundred and feventy-feven, every penalty or puni(h- GeoVault inent direded by, or other provifion contained in, the faid re- in

cited ad, in refped to the faid materials, fo far as the faid recit-relating to the ed ad is not varied by this ad, and all the provifions in this ad contained in refped to the faid materials, (hall extend and applicable to any tool or tools, and implement or implements, tools,etc. with which any perfon or perfons (hall be entrufted for making, with which working up, or manufaduring, the faid materials? and alfo to any P«r<°n any drug or drugs, ingredient or ingredients, with which any perfon or perfons (hall be entrufted, for the purpofe of dying, jng fomc. preparing, or manufaduring, fuch of the aforefaid materials as are ufually dyed, prepared, or manufadured, in the fame manner as if the faid tools and implements, drugs anckingredients, were particularly mentioned, both in the faid recited ad and in the preceding provifions of this ad.

XVII.	And whereas journeymen dycrsy fervantSy and apprentices, frequently abufe the trull repofed in themy by dying goods for their own profit, without the conjcnt of their mafters\ be it therefore enaded,Jf . That, from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufend nCyman dyer, feven hundred and feventy-feven, if any perlon hired, retained, etc. (hall, w;tn-or employed as a journeyman dyer, or as a fervant or apprentice,out th« con-in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, linen, fuftian,|fn*| . cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or filk materials, whether the

fame linen,cic.

Digitized by UooQle

466	Anno decimo ftptimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

fame (hall be wrought or un wrought, or (hall be mixed or unmixed with other of the faid materials, (hall, without the confent of the mafler, perfon or perfons by whom fuch journeyman, fervanr, or apprentice, (hall be hired, retained, or employed, wilfully dye any of the faid materials, whether wrought or unwrought, or mixed or unmixed with other of the faid materials, or without fuch confent (hall wilfully receive any fuch materials as aforefaid, for the purpofe of dying the fame, whether the fame (hall be dyed or prepared for dying, he or (lie fo guilty of either of the fie (hall forfeit, faid offences (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of ten © (Fence io* flings > a!*d for the fecond offence, the fum of twenty (hillings; elc< *	*	and for every fubfequent offence, the fum of forty (hillings; or

or if any per- ^ any perfon (hall procure any fuch materials as aforefaid, to be Ton (hall pro- dyed by any perfon fo hired, retained, or employed as a journey-cure any fuch man, fervant, or apprentice, without the confent of his or her lodgedt0** ma^eror employer,or (hall offer any fuch materials to any fuch 0	*	journeyman,	fervant,	or	apprentice,	for the purpofe aforefaid,

he or (he fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, by the path, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, (hall, for the he (hall forfeit, fir(i offence, forfeit the fum of five (hillings; and for the fecond offence •	°ffence* the fum of twenty (hillings; and for every fubfequent

etc# 9 5 *	offence, the fum of four pounds; and each of the faid penalties

(hall be paid to the informer or informers; and in cafe of nonpayment on convi&ion, the perfon fo convicted fhall be committed, by the juftices before whom the conviction (hall be, to the common gaol or houfe of correction, to remain for any time not exceeding one month, as fuch juftices (hall order and direCt.

.Inhabitants of XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That any any parirti inhabitant of any pariih, townfhip, or place, in which 3ny of-the^aforrfVid0^ ^ncc (hall be committed contrary to the aCt of the twelfth year oflftnets (had of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, or contrary be committed, to the aCt of the twcnty-fecond year of his late majefty King to he deemed George the Second, or contrary to this a Cl, (hall be deemed a Sn»«rtlC*nt competent witnefs, notwithftanding his or her being an inhabitant of fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Judice of That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one jufticeof the pCaCCf ?nt to Peace 0f any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or made up- placei ar*d he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made on oath of any upon oath, or (if the perfon complaining be of the people called offenceagainit Quakers) folemn affirrrption, of any offence committed againft this may a<c^ vvitjiin the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, ram forajv lown> or place, to iffue his warrant for apprehending, and bring-prehending ing before any two or more juftices of the peace of the fame jhc offender. county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town,or place,the perfon or perfons charged with Inch offence ; and the juftices before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hail be brought, are hereby authorifed

' and

Digitized by Google

4^7

1 777-] Anno dedmo feptirao Georgii IH. C.56, and required to hear and determine the matter of fuch complaint, and to proceed to judgement and convitfion thereupon.

XX.	And whereas the [aid aft, of the twenty-fecond year of the PbeambI* reign of his late majefy King George the Second, only gives an appeal from an order of any jujiice or jujhces of the peace to the general or general quarter fejfions of the peace, where an order is made by any jujiice or jujiices of the peace, in the cafe of the buyer or receiver of * fuch purloined or embezzled materials as aforefaid, and in refpeft to the fait or difpofil of fuch materials found on fearching by warranty	s

after any cGnviftion for ^purloining or embezzling, or for receiving or buying fuch purloined or embezzled materials: and whereas it is thought more proper to give a right of appealing in the cafe of other orders of any jujiice or jujlices of the pcace% to be made by force of an ait, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King 'George the Firjl, (intituled, An a<5t to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages), and of the faid ail, and alfo in the cafe of all orders to be made by any jujlices of the peace under this a£l\ be it therefore further enacted. That if any per (bn (hall Perfons ag-think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the order or judgement of anv two juflices before whom he or fhe fha!I have been con-victed of any of the offences in the faid acts of the twelfth year etc. may ap-of the reign of King George the Firft, and the twenty-fecond year peal to the of the reign of King George the Second, or in this act, fuch per- quarterf«& fon may appeal, and the faid juflees are hereby required to makell0n* * known to fuch perfon,at the time of fuch conviction, his or her right to appeal, to the next general or general quarter feflions of the peace to be holdfcn for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch conviction fhall have been made, (fuch perfon, at the time of fuch conviction, giving to giving notice fuch juflices, notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, tofuch juftice* and alfo entering into a recognizance, a* the time of fuch no- t°ion toVppcal" tice, with fufficient fureties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and and entering * to abide the judgement of, and pay fuch cofts as fhall be awarded intorccogm-the juflices at fuch feflions); but if the perfon giving fuch *ance,ctc. notice of appeal (hall not, at the time of giving fuch notice, enter into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, then the juflices, to whom fuch notice of appeal fhall have been given, fhall and may commit fuch perfon or perfons to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the faid.next general* or general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden in and for fuch place’, unlefs fuch recognizance (hall be fooner entered into; and the faid juflices before whom fuch conviction fhall have been made, or any other two or more juflices of the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, are hereby impow-ered and required to take, and the juflices at fuch feflions are hereby authorifed and required, upon due proof made of fuch notice of appeal, either by the acknowledgement of the juflices to whom the fame fhall have been given, or otherwife, to Iiesr #	and

Digitized by

Google

468	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii	III.	C-5^.	[1777*

and determine the mattcrofthe faid appeal,and toaward fuch cod* How the de- as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either par-linquent fliall ty . ancj Upon t|,e hearing of fuch appeal, jhe judgement of the in cafe the * juftices before whom the appellant (hall have been convicted, (hall frflions con- be affirmed,fuch appellant (hall,within forty-eight hours next after firm his con- the fame (hall be fo affirmed, fuffer fuch corporal puniftiment as vidtion. ' (hall have been directed to be inflicted upon him or her for the offence whereof he or (he (hall have been convicted, or (hall immediately pay the fum which he or (he (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch cofts as the juftices in the feid feftions (hall award to be paid by him or her, for defraying the cxpences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal ; or in default of making fuch payments (hall be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, in the fame manner, and for the fame time, to be computed from the affirmance of fuch conviction, as (hall be directed by the original judgement of conviction, unlefs the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall have been imprifoned under the original conviction, in which cafe the time for which fuch perfon or perfons lhall have been fo confined (hall be included in the order of confirmation.

Part of an aCt XXI. And whereas an art, pojjed in the twenty-third year of the ot 13 Geo. a. reign 0jr iate majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aCt repealed. for t^e more effectually punching of perfons convicted of fe-ducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out ot the dominions of the crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the exportation of utenfils made ufe of in the woollen and (ilk manufactures, from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign parts; and for the more eafy and fpeedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cafes by an aCt made in the laft feffion of parliament, relating to perfons employed in the fevera! manufactures therein mentioned,) preferibes a form for convittion of thefever a! offences mentioned in ike Jafd recited all of the twenty feconi 0/ George the Second; but fuch form is not adapted to the faid laft-mentioned art, as altered by this act; and it may be ufeful to havi one general form for the faid recited art of the twenty-Jccond of George the Second, and this art', be it therefore further cnaCtcd, That in refpeCt to all offences which from and after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fever.ry-feven, (hall be committed againft the faid recited act of the twenty-fecond of George the Second, fo much of the faid aCt of the twenty-third of George the Second, as preferibes a form of conviction for offences againlt the faid aCt of the twenty-fecond of George the Second, How juftices fliall be repealed ; and that, from and after the laid firft day of conviaion off one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, the juftices offender* before whom any offender thall be convicted of any offence, ei-agamft the	ther againft the faid act of the twenty-fecond of George the Se-

laid at\ of	cond, or varied by this aCt, or againft this act, (hall caufe the

thi$GaCt * °r conv^on t0 be certified to the next general or general quarter feffion of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, divi-fion,city, liberty, town, or place,where fuch conviction was made, o	to

Digitized by' L.ooQle

1777.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 56.	469

to be filed with the records of fuch feffions; and fuch convi<2ion fhall and may be drawn up and written on parchment, and certified in the following form of words, as far as the name of the perfon and the nature of the cafe will admit of, (that is to £ay):

Middlefex (or-j T) E it remembered, That on the	Form of con-

any other I |j day of	in the year ofour vidtioa.

place, as the >Lord	A. B. was tonvifled

cafe (hall be) V before us	of his Majefly's jujliccs

to wit. J of the peace in and for the faid county of or, for the riding ofthe faid county of or, for the city, liberty, town, or place, aforefaid, in the faid county	(as	the	cafe	(hall be)

of	{Here	fpecify the offence, and when

and where the fame was committed.]

Given under our hands and feals, the day and year firji above written.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no Proceeding* order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this

a<51 contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the con- ^ant 0f {0tt09 vidlion of any offender or offenders againft the faid adl of the twenty-fecond of George the Second, or this adt, (hall be quafh-cd for want of form, or be removed or removeable, by Certiorari, "or_re”!0¥cd. into his Majeftv’s court of King's Bench; and the juftices before tr lorart* whom fuch convidlions (hall be had, (hall caufe the fame, drawn up in the form aforefaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmitted to the next general or general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein fuch convidlion was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the faid general or general quarter feffions; and in cafe the perfon or perfons fo convidted (hall appeal from the judgement of the faid juftices to the faid general or general quarter feffions, the juftices on fuch general or general quarter feffions are hereby required, upon receiving the faid convidtion drawn up in the form aforefaid* to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, according to the dire&ion of the faid adl, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That no-Th,sa^not thing herein contajned (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, former law^ to repeal any former law or laws now in being, for the punifh- except as is* menr of any of the offences herein above fpccified, except fo herein pant-far as is particularly exprefTed by this adt; and no offender who c*-(hall have been proceeded againft, upon or by virtue of this adt,

for any of the offences herein fpccified, (hall for the fame offence be afterwards proceeded againft upon or by virtue of any fuch former law or laws.

XXIV.	Pro-

Digitized by L,ooole

479	,	Anno decimo feptimo Geqrgii III. c. 57.	[1777.

nor to extend XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That nothing to any uft^nce containe(j *in th|S a& (hall extend to, or affed, any perfon or agalnft^he aft Per^ons f°r any offence committed or to be committed again ft a» Geo. %. the faid recited ad of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his before July i, late majefty King George the Second, before the faid firft day of J777*	Jub'>	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and	feventy-feven	;	but all

and every fuch offender and offenders (hall and may be profc-cuted and punilhed in the fame manner as if this ad had nor been made.	/

Limitation of	XXV. And be it further enaded,That if any fuit or adion (hall

adions. be commenced or profecufed againft any perfon or pcrfons,for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this ad, every fuch fuit or adion (hall be fevcrally brought, laid, and tried, in the county ,	or	place	where	the	fad	was	committed,	and	not	elfewhere;	and

the defendant or defendants in every fuch adion or fuit/hall and General ifluc maY pleac* the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this ad: and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch fuit or adion (hall be brought in any other county or place than where the fadt was committed, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; an^l upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plain-Trtble cofts.	l^ie defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble

cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or t defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes at law.

C A P. LVII.

jin aft for more ejfequally fecuring the property ofprints to inventors and engravers, by 'enabling them to fue for and recover penalties in certain cafes.

Preamble. 117 HEREAS an aft of parliament pafted in the eighth year Recital of ads VV of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second, inti-SGeo *. tuled, An ad for the encouragement of the arts of defigning, engraving, and etching hiftorica! and other prims, by verting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned : and whereas by an afi of parliament, and 7 Geo. 3. PaJftd in. the Jeventh year of the reign of his prefeni Majejiy, for amending and rendering more effectual the ajorefaid afl, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it was [amongft other things) enacted, That, from and after the firft day a/' January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, all and every perfon or perfoni ivho Jbould engrave, etch, or work in mezzotint0 or chiaro ofeuro, or caufe to be engraved, etched, or worked, any print taken from any pi Bure, drawing, model, or fculpiure, titter ancient or modern, Jtmld have,

and

Digitized by Google

47*

1777.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 58.

and were thereby declared to have, the benefit and protection of the jaid former aft, and that ad, for the term thereinafter mentioned, in like manner as if fuch print had been graved or drawn from the original defign of fuch graver, etcher, or dr aughtfman: and whereas the faid ads have not ffe dually anfwered the purpofes for which they were intended, and it is nectJJ'ary, for the encouragement of artifis, and for fecuring to them the property of and in their works, and for the advancement and improvement of the aferefaid arts, that fuch further proviftons Jhould be made as are herein-after mentioned and contained; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it en3<fted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day After June of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, if any engrawetc engraver, etcher, printfeller, or other perfon, (hall, within the within* time limited by the aforefaid atfts, or either of them, engrave, the time li-etch, or work, or caufe or procure to be engraved, etched, or mited by the worked, in mezzotinto or chiaro ofeuro, or otherwife, or in cnTrave or ** any other manner copy in the whole, or in part, by vary-etcghj crc< any ing, adding to, or diminifhing from, the main defign, or (hall print, without print, reprint, or import for fale, or caufe or procure to be tl'e confent of printed, reprinted, or imported for fale, or (hall publifh, fell, or otherwife difpofe of, or caufe or procure to be pbblifhed, fold, or be liable to otherwife difpofed of, any copy or copies of any hiftorical print or damages, and prints, or any print or prints of any portrait, converfation, land- double cofls. fcape, or architecture, map, chart, or plan, or any other print or prints whatfoever, which hath or have been, or (hall be, en- spo***,	'J

graved, etched, drawn, or defigned, in any part of Great Britain, ^	-

without the exprefs confent of the proprietor or proprietors /a* V37 thereof, firft had and obtained in writing, figned by him, her,	/	f

or them refpe&ively, with his, her, or their own hand or hands, in the prefence of, and attefted by, two or more credible wit-nefies, then every fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall and may, by and in a fpecial aftion upon the cafe, to be brought againft tnc perfon or perfons fo offending, recover fuch damages as a jury on the trial of fuch atftion, or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, (hall give or affefs, together with double coils of fuit.	*

CAP. LVIII.

An afor enlarging the publick gaol of the county of Warwick, and fot other purpofes therein mentioned.

Vol. XXXI.	Kk	CAP.

Digitized by

Google



472

Preamble.

A& jftCar.H. t« cited.

Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii III. c.59. [1777. CAP. LIX.

An aft to repeal an aft s made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. The matter of the rolls impower-ed to rpake leafes for years, in order to new-build the old houfes belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the method of growing leafes of the jaid rolls eflute Jor the future ; and for making compenfuion to the earl of Macclesfield, and ftr Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interejls in certain leafes made of the rolls tjlaie \ and for regulating the method of making leafes of the fa id ejlate for the future.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a<tt impowering the matter of the rolls, for the time being, to make leafes for years, in order to new-build the old houfes belonging to the rolls; after thereby impowering the majler of the ro Is for the time being, and his fuccejfors majlers of the rolls, to grant building-leafesJor one-and-forty years, or for any lejfer term, of the faid rolls houfes and premifes, or any part thereof (the chapel of the rolls, with a convenient manfion-bouje, court-yard, garden, fable, coach-houfe, and other out-houfes and buildings, fit for the ufe and habitation of the majler of the rolls, only excepted) it is provided, that the majler of the rolls for the time being, or any fuccceding majler of the rolls, after the premifes Jhould have been once letten according to the power given as aforefaid, Jhould net make or grant any new or concurrent leafes until within feven years of the expiration of the leafe then in being, nor for any leffer rent than was referved upon the former leafe, ncr fer any longer term than for the term of twenty-one years from the making fuck new leafe: and whereas, Jince the new-building of the faid houfes and premifes, under leafes granted by the majlers of the rolls for the time being, by virtue of and under the power given them by the faid aft for that purpofe, the faid houfes and premijes (except the faid chapel of the rolls, and other the faid except-id premifes) have, from time to time, been letten and demifed by the majlers of the rolls jor the time being, by leafes by them refpeftively granted thereoffor the term of twenty-one years, at and under larger yearly rents than were referved by the Jaid former leafes: all which Jaid yearly rents have been and are referved and made payable to the mifier of the rolls granting fuch leafes, and his fuccejfors; and fucb yearly rents have for many years lajl pajl amounted, and do now amount, only to the yearly fum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but the improved rents of the faid houjes do now amount to the fum of one thoufand nine hundred and feventy feven pounds; the beneficial right and interejl in and to which faid improved rents belonging to the majler of the rolls granting fuch original leafes, his executors, admi-nijlrators, and ajftgns, as his private property, fubjeft to, and after a deduftion only of the faid fmall yearly rents: and whereas, by means and in confiquerne of the exercife of fuch the right of granting and re-newing the leafes of the faid houjes and premifes at fuch fmall rents as ajore Jaid by the majler of the rolls for the time being, the fuccceding

mcjlcr

I Digitized by v^ooQle

1777.] Anno decimo fcptimo Georgii III. C. 59.	473

mafter or mafters of the rolls is or are deprived of the benefit of the improved rents of the premifes, which, after the death of the mafler 6f the rolls by whom fuch leafer were granted, accrue and belong to bis family, and the income intended for the fupport of the office of the mafter of the rolls is rendered in a great meafure precarious and uncertain: and whereas fir Thomas Sewell, the prefent mafter of the Sir ThomM rails, is now pojfeffid or intitled to himfelf, his executors, ad min if- Sewell, maf-trators, and affigns of or to the beneficial right and inter eft of and in federal leafs by him made and granted of the fiid houjes and pre- tVcer-mifes, by virtue of and according to the power vefted in him by the tain beneficial /aid aft of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and the irn- rights in fe. proved rents thereof for the term of twenty-one years from the making veral **a{*s offuch leafes, on thefixth day of January, one thoufand feven bun-dred and feventy-feven > and elfo of and in fuch other leafes, of the 9 f aid houfes and premifes, or any part thereof, as he may at any time or times hereafter, Jo long as he Jhall continue mafter of the rolls, make or grant thereof, according to the faid power, fubjeft to the right and intereft of the right honourable Thomas earl of Maccles- *5^** •*** field therein, who, as reftduary legatee offir Thomas Clarke de- f^ldito the* ceafed, late mafter of the rolls, is intitled, under leafes granted of the improved faid houfes and premifes refpeftively by the faid late mafler of the rents of cer* rolls, to the improved rents of fome of the faid houfes and premifes,tain houfes* amounting together to the yearly fum of one thoufand four hundred and fifty-fix pounds, part of the faid yearly fum of one thoufand nine hundred and feventy-feven pounds, down to the fifth day of January, which will be in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, fubjeft to and after a deduftion and payment of the fmall rents referved on the leafes of thofe houfes refpeftively, amounting together to the yearly fum of ninety pounds, part of the faid yearly fum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds 5 and is alfo intitled to the improved rents of fome other of the faid houfes and premifes, amounting together to the yearly fum of four hundred and feznnty-fix pounds, other part of the faid yearly Jum of one thoufand nine hundred and feventy feven pounds, down to the twentieth day of September, which will be in the year of our lord one thoufand fe'uen hundred and eighty-five, fubjeft to and after a deduftion and payment of the fmall rents referved on the leafes of thofe houfes refpeftively, amounting together to the yearly fum of forty-two pounds.

Other part of the faid yearly fum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds; but as to one other of the faid houfis, the fmall rent whereof is the yearly fum of three pounds, refnlue of the faid yearly fum of one hundred and thirty five pounds, and the improved rent whereof ts the yearly fum offorty-five pounds, refidue of the faid yearly fum of one thoufand nine hundred and feventy-feven pounds, fubjeft to a deduftion and payment of the faid fmall yearly rent of three pounds, the faid earl of Macclesfield has already parted with, and fold his right and intereft therein, in order that that houfe might be (as it has raer fence been, and now is) made ufe of by the clerk of the roils chapel, during the time the faidearl 0/Macclesfield’s right and intereft therein would have continued; (chat is to fay) down to the faid fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-K k 2	tbref

Digitized by

Google

T^c laid «arl

of Macclesfield and tir Thomas Sewell are willing to accept an equivalent for their refpec* tive beneficial rjghts, etc.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III- c. 59.	[1777.

three, for the purpofe of copying therein the records Acpofiled in the Jaid rolls chapel: and whereas it is inconvenient, and highly improper, that the mafer of the rolls for the time being Jhould not, at the time he holds and exercifes the faid office, receive and enjoy fo con-fiderable a part of the income of the Jaid office, towards the fupport of the rank and dignity thereof; and it has therefore been propofed to give to the faid carl of Macclesfield, and to the faid fir Thomas Sewell respectively, an equivalent for fuch their feveral and refpec-live beneficial rights and interefls as aferefaid, under the faid feveral Safes granted ly the find wafer of the rolls now fitbfjUng, and that the Jaid n.ajhr of the rolls fall r din quiff and give up all right and power of grand Kg any more fuch Lafes for the future, by virtue cf and under ‘the Jaid a Cl of the twelfth yeaf of King Charles the Second, in order that the leafes of the faid houfes and pretnifes, and the right and power of granting the fame for the future, may be prcpc^ly regulated, jo that the improved rents of the faid houfes and premifes may for the future, as they Jhall become due, be received and enjoyed by the prefent and fucccjfve mafer s of the rolls for the time being, jit bj eft neverthelefs to the prov jions hereby made thereout, for the repairs, maintenance, and fupport of the faid houfes and premifes (except as afore faid*) and for other the purpefes hcrein-after mentioned; and the faid earl 0/Macclesfield, and the faid fir Thomas Sewell rejpeftively, are ready and willing to accept of an equivalent for fuch their feveral and refpeftive beneficial rights and inurefs as aforefaid', and the faid fir Thomas Sewell alfo to relinquifj and give up all right and power cf granting any leafes of the faid houfes and premijes for the future, under and according to the faid aft of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second: and whereas fuch the beneficial right aiid inter cf of the faid earl of Macclesfield, in the faid houfes and premifes, eppears, on and according to a fair and jufi eflimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven findings, and nine pence halfpenny, from the fifth day of July, one thoujand feven hundred and fevenly-feven \ and fuch the beneficial right and interef of the faid fir Thomas Sewell, in the faid houfes and premifes as aforefaid, under the faid frjeral leafs granted by him and now fubfifing, and his prefent right and power of granting fuch leafes down to and until the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fiven hundred and feventy-feven, exclufive of any right and power of granting any future leafes, under and according to the faid aCl of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, fubjequent to, or to take effieCl from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, which right and power of granting fuch future leafes he rclinqinjhes and gives up, appears, on a fair and juft efimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of twelve thoufand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings and cue penny ; the faid two fums of eight thenfand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven f illings and nine-pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings, and cue penny, amounting together to the fum of twenty-cue thoufand and twenty‘nine pounds, ten fillings, and ten-pence halfpenny: and whereas, by four feveral a this of parliament, pajj'ed in the twelfth year

Digitized by

Google

475

1777.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C.59.

cf the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, and in the fourth, fifth* and ninth years of the reign of his prejent Majefty, feveral Turns of moneys part of tee money belonging to the fuitors of the high court of chancery, lying dead and unemployed in the bank if England, have been placed out on government or parliamentary fecurities, and fpeclfic parts of the intercjl arifing therefrom have been appropriated for augmenting the income of officers belonging to the faid court ; and whereas, by an aft paffied in the fourteenth year of Act 14. Geo. the reign of his prejent Majejly, intituled, An a& for rebuilding HI. recited, the office of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the reglfter and accountant-general of the faid court, for the better preferving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in fuch offices; it was enacted {among other things,) that out of the fecurities pur chafed with the fur plus money, placed to the account of inter eft arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his late majefty King George the Second, and out of the interejl produced and to be produced jrom fuch fecurities; and alfo out of the fecurities pur chafed with the fur plus-money, placed to the account of interejl arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and out of the interejl produced and to be produced from fuch fecurities \ and out of the furplus-intereft which Jhould arije or be produced from fecurities purchafed in purfuance of the faid feveral afts of the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his prelent Majefty: and out of the interejl which Jhould arife or be produced from fecurities to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; fuch fum or fums of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiffioners for the cuftody of the greatfeal of Great Britain,/^ the time being, jhould, in his and their dijeretion, deem neceffiary, jhould be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court; and be applied, under the direction of the faid court, in the firjl place in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the puffing and obtaining of that aft ; and then in rebuilding the faid office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purchafing ground and houfes for that purpofe, if any Jhould be deemed neceffiary by the faid court; and in providing a proper place for tranfafting the bujinej's of the faid fix clerks office, during the time fuch office Jhould be rebuilding \ and the fum of ten thoufand pounds, in erecting proper and convenient offices for the faid regifter and accountant-general of the faid court, feparate and detached from each other, and in pur chafing fuch ground and houfes as Jhould be neceffiary for thofe purpofes; and for preferving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the faid court: and by an	f

aft, faffed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An A #515. Geo.

tor vetting part of the garden of the fociety of Lincoln's Inn,M* recited, in the county of Middlefex, in the accountant-general of the court of chancery, and his fuccetTors, for ever, for the purpofe of erecting' thereon offices for the accountant-general, and for the regifier of the faid court; it was enacted, that the charges and K k 3	expences

Google

47$ Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59* f1777-

expences attending the pajfing and obtaining that aft Jhould be paid and defrayed out of the fame funds, and in like manner as the charges and expences attending the puffing and obtaining the faid aft of tht s	fourteenth	year	of the reign of his prejent Majejly, are thereby direc-

Another aft ted: and whereas, by one other aft, faffed in the faid fifteenth year i$ Geo. III. of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for applying the funds juiced. provided for rebuilding the offices of the fix clerks of the King's court of chancery, by an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for rebuilding the office of the fix clerks of the King's court of chancery ; and for erecting offices for the regijler and accountant-general of the faid court, for the better preferring the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in fuch offices \ in building offices for the faid fix clerks in the gardens of Lincoln's Inn, inftead of rebuilding the prefent fix clerks office in Chancery-lane; and for other pur-pofes; it is cnafted, That, out of the fecurities purebafed with the fur plus-money mentioned in the faid recited aft, and out of the interefl produced and to be produced from fitch fecurities, and out ofJurplus-interejl produced and to be produced from fecurities purchafed in pur-fuance of the feveral afts in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejly mentioned, and out 6f the interefl produced ct to be produced from Jecurities purchafed in purfuance of the faid at7, fuch fum and[urns of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiffioners for the cuflody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, Jhould in his and their dij-erttion deem neceffiary, Jhould be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied, under the direftion of the faid court, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the paffing and obtaining of that aft, and in purchajing the faid ground belonging to the fcciety of Lincoln’s Inn therein mentioned and def-cribcd, and in building thereon an office for the faid fix clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the pur-pofes of the faid aft oj the fourteenth year of bis prefent Majejly, except Jo much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the faid fix clerks office in the place where the fame now {lands, and except fo far as the Jaid aft of the fourteenth year of his prejetit Majejly is thereby altered and varied : and whereas the ground for building the offices for the fix clerks, and for the faid regijler, and for the accountant-general of the faid court of chancery, has been purchafed, and the faid offices for the regijler and the accountant-general have been erected and fo far completed and finijhcd, that the bufinefs of thofe offi-now is and has for fome time been carried on and tranfiafttd therein, and great progrefs has been alfo made in erefting and building the Jaid office for the fix clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, and the fame will alfo in a very Jhort time be completed ; and all the feveral purpofes of the faid three afts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majejly have been in a great meafure anfwered and fatisfied by and out of the funds provided for the fame by thofe afts, and will in a very Jhort time be fully anfwered andJatified thereout except that the faid Jum * of ten thoufand pounds, mentioned in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejly hath been found

not

Digitized by L^OOQle

47 7

1777-] Anno decimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. 59.

r* fe /////y fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the purpofes ini cade I thereby: and whereas the furplus-interejl arifing from monies pta.ed out inpurfuance of the Jaid ail of the twelfth ye ;r of his hue AJai.jfy King George the Second^ and the furplus-interejl arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid abl of the fifth year cf hit tmfient Majcfiy, and the interefi arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid abl of the fourteenth year of bis prefent Majfiy, amount together to the fum of two thoufand five hundred eighty-two pounds, eighteen Jhillings a year, and is unappropriated^ except only as to what Jlill remains to be raifed and paid thereout to anfwer and Jatisfy the purpofes of the faid threefeveral a bis of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefiy; and it is computed, that in cafe the faid two fums of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven Jhillings and nine-pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred eighty pounds, three /hillings, and one penny, amounting together to the fum of twenty-one thoufand and twenty-nine pounds, ten J.hillings, and ten-pence halfpenny, and the money to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and expences of and attending the paffing and obtaining of this ably be borrowed on a mortgage of the faid rolls houfes, fuch mortgage may be difeharged, by and out of the faid funds of interejl and furplus- interefi, in the fpace of ten years, or thereabout s% befides what may appear to be now Jlill further wanting to be paid t hereout y for fully anfwer ing the feveral purpofes of the faid abl of the fourieenthy and two feveral abls of the fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty: and ivhtreas a very conftderable fum of money, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court ojf chancery, is now, and has been for many yearsy lying dead and unemployed in the bank of England; be it therefore enabled by the king’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, that out of the ca(h belonging to the fui- of the tors of the faid court of chancery, which now lies, or (hall here-after lie dead and unemployed in the bank of Engldndy there bank. b*long-fhall be paid, by virtue of an order or orders of the laid court of in^ to the chancery to be made for that purpofc, fuch fum of money as fetors in the the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or chancer^ the lords commiiTioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great fh^r^fball he Britainy for the time being, (hall, in his or their diferetion, deem pain, by ordtr neceflary, and be applied, under the direction of the faid court, of the faid in paying and defraying the charges and expences of and at-tending the palling and obtaining of this ad; and that out of the faid ca(h, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, aft* which now lies, or (hall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in alfo 8.449* 7/. the Bank of Englandy there (hall be paid, by virtue ot an order halfpenny or orders of the faid court of chancery to be made for that pur- Macclesfield1 pofe, to the right honourable the faid earl of Macclesfield, his	*	*

executors or admit)iftrators, the fum of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven lhillings, and nine-pence halfpenny, as an equivalent, and in full fati«fadion of and for all his right, title, and interefi, in and ter the faid rolls houfes and premifes, and the rents and profits thereof, from and fub-K k 4	fequent

X

\d to fir Thomas Sewell,

in full fatis-fadtion of their refpec-tive interelts in the rolls houies, etc

478	Anno	decimo	feptinio	GeoRGII III. c. 59.	[ 1777.

and it, 5&0 /. fcquent to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and 'J	feventy-feven	;	and to the faid fir Thomas Setbell, his executors

or adminiftrators, the fum of twelve thoufand five hundred eighty pounds, three (hillings, and one penny, as an equivalent, and in fatisfadion of and for all his right, title, and intereft, in and to the faid rolls houfes and premifes (except as aforefaid,) and the rents and profits thereof, under or by virtue of any leafe or leafes by him granted or made of the faid houfes and premifes, or any of them, purfuant and according to the faid a<5t under the ^ie twe^^ year	King	Charles the Second, except fuch.

laid ad xi	provifion as is hereby made tor him and the fucceeding matters

Car. 11.	of the rolls, out of the improved rents and profits of the faid

houfes and premifes which (hall accrue and become due from and fubfequent to the faid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, (except as to what may be due to him or them from the faid earl of Macclesfield, his executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, or the leflees in fuch leafes, their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, for or any ways on account or in refped of the faid fmall yearly rents, amounting together to the laid yearly fum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, upon, or previous to, the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven;) and upon payment of the faid feveral fums of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven (hillings, and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred eighty pounds, three (hillings, and one penny, to the faid earl of Macclesfield, and the faid fir Thomas &w//refpe&ively, all fuch their, and etch of their right, title, and interett, of and in the faid houfes and premifes, and the rents and profits thereof as aforefaid, (except as in and by this prefent ad is mentioned and provided) (hall ceafe and determine ; and all leafes granted by the faid fir Thomas Sewell, as matter of the rolls, under or by virtue of the faid ad of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and now fubfifting,

........... (hall	from thenceforth be void and of no effed, and the faid ad

Car. II. to be of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second be repealed, repealed} and II. And it is hereby enaded. That the faid ad of the twelfth til leales 0f j£jng Charles the Second (hali be and the fame is hereby re-virtue 1h7reofPcalcd accordingly.

to be void. III. And it is hereby enaded and declared. That the faid The Taid fums fum of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven to be paid to (hillings, and nine-pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred eighty pounds, three (hillings, and one penny, fo di-reded to be paid to the faid earl of Macclesfield and the faid fir Thomas Sewell, as aforefaid, refpedively, amounting together to the faid fum of twenty-one thoufand and twenty-nine pounds, ten (hillings, and ten-pence halfpenny, and alfo fuch fum or fums as (hall be paid out of the faid dead cafh in the bank, for and to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and ex-pences of and attending the patting and obtaining this ad as aforefaid, are to be confide! ed as advanced and paid, and (hall be fo advanced and paid on the fecurity of, and be a charge on,

the

Upon payment of the Sums above mentioned, the ad 14.

the earl of Macclesfield anti fir Thnmas Sewell, &c. are to be advanced as a mortgage on the roll* hoults.J

Digitized by v^ooQle

1777-] Anno dedmo feprimo Georgii III. c. 59.	479

the faid rolls houfes and premifes (except a$ aforefaid) by way of mortgage, for the repayment thereof; and the faid houfes and premifes (hall ftand and be a fecurity for the repayment 'thereof accordingly, until the fame (hall be raifed and fatisfied in manner herein-after mentioned.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from After thepur-and after the time when the lood high chancellor of Great Bri-

tain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiflioners for the cuftody Geo. v (bal/be of the great feal of Great Britfiin, (hall deem the purpofes of the latisfied, cer-faid ads of the fourteenth and the fifteenth years of his prefent fain Airolus-

Majefty to have been fully fatisfied, the furplus-intereft arifing,

and which (hall arife,from monies placed out in purfuance of the th/difcharg-faid ad of the twelfth year of his late majefty King George theing the fums Second, and the furplus-intereft arifing, and which (hall arife, above men-from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid ad of the fifthtionw*' year of his prefent Majefty, and the intereft arifing, and which fhall arife, from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid ad of the fourteenth of his prefent Majefty, lhall and may, by an order or orders of the faid court of chancery to be made for that purpofe, be appropriated and applied in and to the raifing and di fcharging of the faid fums of eight thoufand four hundred forty-nine pounds, feven (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred eighty pounds, three (hillings and one penny, and of fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be paid and applied in paying and defraying the charges and expences of and attending the pafling and obtaining of this ad, as aforefaid, until the fame (hall be fully raifed, made up, and completed; and which, when fo raifed, made up, and completed, (hall be con-lidered to be, and (hall be in full redemption of the faid rolls houfes and premifes.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared. How the court That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the faid °* chancery to fcveral fums fo to be paid as aforefaid, out of the faid dead cafh, cafeany^of the lhall be wanted to ahfwer any of the demands of the fuitors of rums to be the faid court of chancery before the fame (hall have been raifed, paid out of made up, and completed, by and out of the faid funds of intereft ca^^ou1d3b and furplus-intereft fo appropriated, or to be appropriated, for wanted°forthe that purpofe, as aforefaid; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid court fuitors of that of chancery may and (hall, in a fummary way, dired the fame, court.

or any part thereof, to be raifed out of the faid rolls houfes and premifes, or any part thereof, (except as aforefaid) in fuch manner as the court (hall think proper, in order that the fuitors of the faid court may, at all times, be paid their refpedive demands, out of the common and general ca(h belonging to fuch fuitors.

VI.	And whereas it is proper that fome reafinable part of the rents and profits of the faid rolls houfes, as the fame fhall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, fbould be appropriated for or towards keeping in repair, and properly fapporting and rebuilding the faid houfes and premifes, or any of them, except and exclufive of the faid chapel of the rolls, and other the faid excepted prcmifis9 as there

may

Digitized by

Google

4&o

The lord chancellor to appoint a receiver of the rents of the rolls houfes,

with a falary not exceeding 501. per ann.

How fbe rents (hall be dif-pofed of.

Surplus to be paid into the bank in the name of the accountant-general, etc.

to be applied towards the repairs of the fa id houfes, etc.

Receiver to account, upon oath, to the accountant-general.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

may be occafion, and that a receiver of the faid rents and profits Jhould be appointed for that purpofe\ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfon as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal, (hall from time to time approve of and appoint, (hall be receiver of the rents and profits of the faid houfes and premifes (exclufive of and except as aforefaid), with fuch falary to be paid to, or retained by him out of the faid rents aqd profits, as the faid lord chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners of the great feal, (hall dired* not exceeding the yearly fum of fifty pounds; fuch receiver firft giving fecurity by recognizance with two fureties, or otherwife, as the faid court (hall dire# ; which receiver (hall, out of the faid rents and profits, pay the land tax, and alfo pay to the matter of the rolls for the time being the clear yearly lum of one thou-fand two hundred and fifty pounds, by two equal half-yearly payments, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in each year; the firft half-yearly payment to become due and payable on the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight; and with fuch apportionment on the deatl* of any matter of the rolls, as in cafe of apportionment of rent on the death of tenants for life; and which apportionment (hall take place, as well in cafe of leafes to be granted in purfuanceof the power hereby given of granting le&fes not exceeding twenty-one years to bind the fucceffor, as of other leafes granted or to be granted by any matter of the rolls fo dying, and which (hall determine by his death; and the furplus of the faid rents and profits, beyond and after payment of the faid receiver’s felary* and the land tax, and fuch payment to the matter of the rolls as aforefaid, (hall, by virtue and in purfuance of any order or orders of the faid lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal, as aforefaid, for the time being, be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant-general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to an account to be intituled. The account of the rolls eflate, in order to be paid and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned, in or towards the repairs and the fupportof the faid houfes and premifes (exclufive of and except as aforefaid) and the rebuilding of the fame, as there may at any time or times hereafter be occafion, and infuring the faid houfes and premifes from fire, except fuch part or parts of the faid rents and profits as, by any fuch order or orders of the faid cour, (hall be dire&ed to be paid and applied by the receiver for thole purpofes, or any of them, without paying the fame into the bank; and the faid receiver (hall, at the end of each and every year (or oftener if required and ordered by the faid court) deliver in, upon oath, his accounts of his receiverfhip to the faid accountant-general, and pay his balances into the bank from time to time, in the name of the faid accountant-general, to be placed to the fame account.

VII.	And

i777*1 Anno decimo fcptimo GEoRGII III, C.59.	481

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- Out of the faid. That out of fuch the furplus rents and profits of the faid^hefaid11 houfes and premifes, hereby appropriated for the purpofe of re- houfe«,etc. pairing, fupporting, and rebuilding, and infuring the faid houfes the lord chan-and premifes, (exclufive of and except as aforefaid) or out of <*llor may or-what the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be inverted in, fuch^o^applicd ft*m and fums of money, as the lord high chancellm^ of Great towards re-Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for me cuftody pairing the of the great feal of Gnat Britain, (hall, from time to time, dire<ft tame, and iu-or appoint, (hall be paid and applied in or towards the repairing and fupporting of the faid rolls houfes and premifes, or in rebuilding the fame, or any of them, and in infuring the faid houfes and premifes from fire, in fuch manner as by any order or orders of the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords com-mifiioners, to be made for thofc purpofes refpe&ively, (hall be directed: and that the faid fund, or any part thereof, (hall or The faid fond may, from time to time, by virtue and in purfuance of any or- f° be inverted der or orders of the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords ^Sfecuri-commiflioners, for that purpofe, be placed out and inverted in ties, in the government fecurities, in the name of the faid accountant-ge-name of the neral, and placed to the faid account of the rolls eftate, and the accountanr-intereft or dividends thereof be laid out and inverted in other tQa“he fuch like lecurities, in the name of the faid accountant-general, account of the and placed to the fame account; and fo from time to time asrolls4rtate,eec. often as the intereft or dividends of the faid original fecurities, and fuch new purchafed fecurities, (hall amount to a competent film, in order to accumulate and increafe the faid fund for the purpofe of repairing, fupporting, and rebuilding, and infuring from fire, the faid houfes and premifes, and to be fold, applied, and difpofed of for thofe purpofes, or any of them, by order of the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners as aforefaid, from time to time, as there may be occafion.

VIII.	And whereas, by reafon and in confequcnce of the faid earl of Macclesfield’s having fold and difpofed of fuch bis beneficial right and intereft in the faid houfe of the improved yearly rent offorty-five pounds, in which (in cafe he had not fo fold the fame) he would now have had a term of fix years to come, from the making of the Uafe thereof on the faidfixth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ftventy-jeveny there will not be any rent payable for the faid houfe for the faid fix years to the majlcr or majlers of the rolls for the time be* ingj ana in the ejlimate and valuation of the faid earl of Macclef-field’s intereft in the faid houfes and premifes a deduction is made on account thereof; it is therefore provided and hereby enabled, Ootot the m-That out of the intereft arifing,and which (hall arife,from mo- J,cn^crthe^fid nies placed out in purfuance of the faid a<ft of the fourteenth ofaa 14 Geo. 3. his-prcfent Majefty, there (hall and may, by virtue of an order the court of or orders of the faid court of chancery, to be made for that pur- chancery may pofe, although all the purpofes of the faid a<fts of the fourteenth annc^/p££i and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty may not have been, for fix yearS, or have been deemed by him or them to have been fully fatis- to the receiver

fied of ti;c faid

Digitized by

Google

A

482	Anrio dccimo feptimo Georgii III. c.59.	[1777.

rents, in lieu fied as aforefaid, be paid the yearly fum of forty-five pounds, by of ttieimpiov- half-yearly payments, to the receiver, fo to be appointed, of the hou^be^ore-6 renls ar|d profits of the laid rolls houfes and premifes, for the mentioned, time being, for the term of fix years, to be computed from the making of the fiid laft mentioned leafe of the fixth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, in lieu of, and as a recompencc and fatisfa&ion for, the faid yearly rent of forty five pounds for the faid term of fix years ; and which faid yearly fum of forty-five pounds thall be deemed and had and taken as part of the yearly rents and profits of the faid houfes and premifes of which fuch receiver (hall be appointed, and be applied and difpofed of as part of the faid yearly rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purpofes herein-before mentioned concerning the faid rents and profits.

IX.	And ivhereas divers leafes have been granted by, or on behalf of, the faid earl of Macclesfield, of feveral of the faid houfes and premifes, to feveral perfons for terms of years not exceeding the time

„ which the faid earl of Macclesfield then had to come in the faid houfes and premifes refpeflively, at the bejl and rnofl improved rents that ' . could be had and gotten for the fame, and which leafs ore now Jub-This aft not flf lnl> be it therefore further enafted and declared, That the to vacate rights of the feveral perfons claiming under fuch faid laft men-leafes granted tioned leafes refpedtively, or any of them, (hall not, by or in Macclesfield^ cbnfequence of any thing in this acontained, be any ways defeated, impeached, or lefiened; and that fuch feveral perfons, fo claiming under the fame, (hall ftill be intitled to, and have and enjoy the full fruit and benefit of fuch faid feveral leafes re-fpeftively, upon and according to the terms thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding: but the rents referved and made payable in and by fuch faid feveral leafes refpeftively, although exprefled therein are to be paid to be referved and made payable to or for the benefit of the faid to the receiver carl Qf Macclesfield, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or in what manner foever the fame may therein be referved or made payable, which have accrued or become clue and payable from and fince the fixth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and which from henceforth (hall accrue or become due and payable, (hall be paid to the receiver fo to be appointed of the rents and profits of the faid houfes and premifes, and be applied and difpofed of as part of the faid rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purpofes aforefaid; and the faid earl of Macclesfield, his executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, (hall have and be intitled to fuch of the faid rents as accrued and became due on or before the faid fixth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and are ftill remaining due and unpaid under and by virtue of the faid laft mentioned leafes of the faid houfes and premifes, or any of them.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared, That from and after the expiration, or other fooncr determination

at the moll improved rents:

but the faid rents, from Jan. 6, 1777*

before-mentioned.

The matter of the rolls for the time being

Digitized by

Google

1777-] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 59.	483

termination, by furrender or otherwife, of the faid feveril la ft may, after the mentioned leafes, fo granted by or on behalf of the faid earl of	l*°tt

Jlfaales/ifld as aforefaid, and now fubfifting, refpetfively as to |eal^. and the houfes and premifes therein comprized; and as to the reft terms herein of the faid houfes, except the laid houfe herem-before mention- mentioned, cd to be of the yearly rent of forty-five pounds,, from and imine-diately after the patting of this prefent a<5t; land as to the faid houf^ *or n laft mentioned fo excepted houfe, from and after the fifth day of years, for the January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three; it fhall molt unprov-be lawful for tlie matter of the rolls for the time being, to make ^anbehad^ and execute any leafe or leafes of all or any of the faid houfes and ^ithout'tak-preimfes belonging to the rolls (the chapel of the roils, and the ingany fine, manfion-houfe, court-yard, gardens, (tables, coach-houfes, and ttc. other out-houfes and buildings now uled for the habitation and accommodation of the mafter of the rolls, only excepted) for any term or number of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, in poflefiion, from the making thereof, or from the quarter-day next preceding the date and making thereof; that is to fay, The fifth day of January, the fifth day of dpril, the fifth day of July, or the tenth day of Oftcbcr, whichever of the faid days (hall happen to be the quarter-day next preceding the date and making of fuch leafe or leafes relpe&ively, at and for the beft and moft improved rent or rents that can be reafonably had and gotten for the fame, without taking any fine, fore-gift, or gratuity for the making of any fuch leafe or leafes; fuch rent or rents-to be thereby relerved and made* payable to the mafter of the rolls making fuch leafes refpe&ively, and his fucceftors, during the term or terms not exceeding the laid term of twenty-one yea's, for which fuch leafes refpedlivcly (hall be granted; and the Jettees in fuch leafes refpedtivelv executing counterparts thereof, and thereby covenanting to pay fuch rents accordingly; and Leflees to keep thereby alfo covenanting to keep the premifes thereby demifed ?he Prcm,^$ in good and tcnantable repair during the term, and to leave the rep**™”1* C fame in fuch good and tenantable repair at the end, or other fooner determination of the term.

XI.	And it is hereby declared, That no leafe or leafes of the No future faid houfes and premifes, or any of them, hereafter to be made ^

or executed by any mafter of the rolls, otherwife than according of the^olls, *

to the power hereby given to the mafter of the rolls for the time contrary to

being as aforefaid, (hall be binding on his fucceflbrs, or any ofthis a^» them	be binding ort

XII.	And it is hereby enatfted and declared, That the rents ^eTents^ * and profits of the faid houfes and premifes, to be referved and un(ftr aU^fu-made payable by and upon any fuch leafe or leafes thereof here- ture leafes to after to be made or granted by any mafter or matters of the rolls, be paid to the fhall be paid to fuch receiver as aforefaid, and be appl.ed and rccc,vcr*ctc* difpofed of accordingly, in manner and tor the purpofes aforefaid.

XIII.	And it is hereby enabled and declared. That all appli-cations to the faid court of chancery for or touching any of the matters of this a£t, and all orders and proceedings relating there- be nude to to, (hall and may be had and made in a fummary way, and with- the court of

out chancery, gratis.

Digitized by

Google

484 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 60—65. t*777*

Proceedings out any fee or reward to be paid or given for the fame; and to be without without damps on any of thefaid orders or proceedings, or to bo lampe, hads ufc(|^ Qr cmploycd, in or about the fame, or any of them.

CAP. LX.

An aft for inclofing and embellilhing the middle part of Hoxton-fqttare, in the pariih of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middiefex; and tor exiinguithing all right of common in and upon the faid fquare.

CAP. LXI.

An aft to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Weltrainfter, to open a ftreet from the Couth-end of Long-ditch to the north end of Smith-ftreet, and to widen part of Tothilf-ftreet, and of Long-ditch aforefaid} and to widen the paflage between Or-chard-itreet, and the new intended ftreet, and alfo to widen Wood ftreet, and to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanduary into DeanVyard, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter.

CAP. LXII.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within tho ieveral parifhes of Surfleet, Golberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swinelhead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Foldike, Kirton, Brampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within tht hundred of Kirton, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXIII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aS for paving, repairing,, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other publick paffages and places, withm <	that part of tbeparijb of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing oh-

f) ructions and annoyances therein; for widening tbs paffage from Clerkenwell-green to the parifb church, and for watching and lighting certain highways within the faid partjh-, for repairing the highways m the faid pariih, and deanling the laid part of the faid pariih; for widening the paftage from Clerkenwell-clofe to Rofoman's Street, and from Rofoman's Street to Saint John-ftreet; and for building a chapel in the faid pariih.

CAP. LXIV\

An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor of the pariih of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kenfington, in the county of Middiefex; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an aft, made in tht twenty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An a£l for draining aud preferring certain fen lands and low grounds he tbs feveralparifhes of Sutton, Me pal y fritebam, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal fen, in the Ijle of Ely, and county of Cambridge \ and alfo in tbs parifhes of Somerfham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, fo far as the fame relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parifhes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called Byal-fen, in the Ifle of Eiy.

Preamble. Aft 1* Geo. *. recited. Recital of the Somerfham, etc. aft of

3 s Geo a. and the Ramfey,etc. aft of 15 Geo. 3. Boundaries of the prelent lands. Commiflioners of the former act to be commiflhners of this.

Meetings of commiiOoneis. Commiflioners impowered to lay a further e	ux

\

Digitized by v^ooQle

4 85

1777-] Anno deciitt’o feptimo Geokgii III. c?66—yo.

tax of 5 s an acre for the firft 4 years, and 2 s. 6 d. an acre afterward;. How the Great and Little Holts are to be taxed. Tenants to pay the tax, and dedult the fame out of their rents. Who fhall pay the taxes for lands under Jeafe. Application of taxes. High-lands not to be taxed. A fur-vey to be taken, and map made. If any difpute fhall arife whether any of the lands fhonld be deemed high-lands or not, the fame to be determined by two indifferent perfons. If the faid perfons cannot agree, they are to chufe an umpire. In cafe the proprietor refufes to name a referee, etc. the matter to be fettled by the quarter fefllons. Tenants for life, etc. impowered to borrow money ; and to mortgage their lands for a fecurity. Commiflioners impowered to borrow 6,0001. and to aflign the rates as a fecurity. Mortgagees to be creditors in equal degree. Application of money borrowed. Mortgages of the rates 10 be numbered. Securities may be afligned Iw indorfement. Rates to be charged with monies borrowed, and in default of payment, veiled in creditors. No money to be borrowed, unlefs at a meeting where 15 commiflioners are pre'ent. Certain claufes of the former aft extended to this ati. Expences of this alt how to be paid. Commiflioners impowered to take earth for making banks, etc. and to make a drain from the 20 foot drain to the old 16 foot drain,etc. Surveyors may caule ditches leading to mill-drains to be fcour-ed, etc. if the owners, etc. fhall neglell fo 10 do. Commiflioners not to do any works to hinder the waters in Cranebrook, etc. from ifluing*to their outfalls. If the commiflioners fhall make a drain acrofs any road or droveway, they fhall erell proper bridges. How jultices to proceed for convi&ion of offenders. Form of conviction. Saving ciaufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble coils. Publick ad.

CAP. LXVI.

An all for eftablifhing a nightly watch within the hamlet of Mile.end Old Town, in the parifh of Saint Dunftan Stepney, otiierwife Stebonheath, in the county of Middlelox.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for varying and enlarging the powers of an all made in the twelfth * year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Cbefler^ to or near MiddUvolcb and Nanlwicb, in the county of Cbejierm

CAP. LXVIII.

An all for rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, at Maifmore, near the city of Gloucefterj for raifing, widening, and fecuring Over'* Caufeway, leading from the faid city towards Maifmore aforefaidj and for enforcing the proper paving and cleaniing of the feveral llreets within the faid city, and for removing nuifances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXIX.

An all for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordfhips of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the county of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, zn the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

CAP. LXX.

An aH for dividing and inclofmg the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, with the pari(h of Billmghay, in the county of Lincoln } and for draining and preserving the faid dales and common fen, and alfo certain indofed low lands thereto adjoining in the faid parifh.

CAP.

Digitized by i^ooQle

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III.* c.ji—yj. C1777-C A P. LXXr.

An aft to enable the feoffees and trufttes of an eft ate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a fchool and alms-houfes at Rugby, in the county of Warwick, to fell part of the laid eftate, or to grant leafes {hereof, or of any part thereof, and to cffcftuate the other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for rtpaiiing, widening, turning, and (hortening the toad hading from the turnpike road on Farraru’s Common, in the parifn of Bradford, through Holt and Melkfham, to Homan’s Stile, in the parifti of Laycojck, in the county of Wilts; and for completing a communication between the faid road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingfdown Hill in the fame county.

CAP. LXXIir.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of fo much of an aft, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Hallifax, and from Dudley-hiil through Beckwith-thaw to Killinghall, and from Beckwith-ftiaw to the fouth-welt corner of Harrogate Inclofures, in the well riding of the county of York.

C A P. LXXIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from a place called Crouch-hill, in the parifh of Henfield, to the turnpike road leading from Bright-heimftone to Cuckfield, and from the eaft fide of the laid turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Suffex.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft to repeal an aft of the thirty-thiid year of his late Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair leveral roads leading from the market houfe in the town of Kidderminfter, in the county ot Wor-cefter; and ?Ub to repeal fo much of two afts of the tenth of bis late Majefty, and the feventh of his prefent Majefty, as relate to the road from the mitre-oak to a farm-houfe called Goodntfs; and from Titton-brook to the hamlet of Wribbenha’.l, in the faid county; and to difeonti-nue the powers of an aft of the eighth of his prefeot Majefty, fo far as relate to the road from the Crofs-of-the Hands near Goodnefs Farm, to a place called The Spout; and for mere effectually amending, widening and keeping in repair, the feveral roads deferibed in the fir ft mentioned aft; and alfo feveral other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for continuing the term of two afts paffed in the fourth and twenty fourth years of his late majelly King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the moft fouthern part of Butt-lane, in the pariin of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chefter to Lawton, and from thence to Henlhall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the faid county.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty fifth year ot the reign ot his late Majftty, for repairing the roads from the to An ot Leeds, through Harwood, to the fouth-welt corner of the inclofures of Harrogat?*, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-gteen, and the other through Knarefborough and

Borough-

Digitized by Google

Borough-bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the firft rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton-moor, in the county of York, and tor repairing the floughs or ruts on the faid moor; fo far at the fame relates to the road leading from the fouth weft corner of tne inclofures of Harrogate (through Knaresborougb) to Borough bridge.

An alt for enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two alts of parliament, one pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aclfor repairing tbe roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the foul b-we ft corner of tbe in-clofures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley* truer Bur age* green, and the other through Knar ejhorougb and'Borough bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to tbe firft rul of water, or watercourfe on Hutton-moor, in tbe county oft York-, and for repatrtng the Jlougbs or ruts on tbe faid moor\ and the other pafled in the twenty-ninth year of bis faid Majefty’s reign, to explain and amend the faid firft-mentioned alt j with refpelt to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the fouth-welt corner of the inclofures of Harrogate.

An alt for continuing tbe term and enlarging the powers of an alt made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads in tbe counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltafh, in the county of Cornwall.

An ad for enlarging the term and powers of two alts of parliament, one pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a8 for repairing tbe roads from the town cf Leeds, through Harwood\ to tbe foutb weft corner of the inclojuret of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley, o*ver Bur age-green, and tbe other through Knaresborougb and Borcugo bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to tbe firft rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton moor, m the county of York, and for repairing tbe Jlougbs or ruts on the paid moor \ and the other pafled in the twenty-ninth year of his faid Map tty’s reign, to explain and amend the faid firft-mentioned alt; with refpelt to thofe parts of the faid roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north-ealt corner of Hutton moor, and from the ea(t end of Kirby-hill-moor to the town of Ripon aforefaid.

An alt for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an alt made in the thirty-firft ytar of the feign of his lare Majdty,for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bii>tge, in the county of Devon, to Gaflang-gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the faid county.

4 An alt for enlarging the term and powers of three feveral alts of parliament. lor repairing the roads therein mentioned in.the county of Bucks, fo far as tne faid alts relate to the road from the wrft end of tne town of Wendover to the end of a lane called Oak hue, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and alfo half a mile or road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the faid county.

487

CAP. LXXVIII.

CAP. LXXIX.

CAP. LXXX,

CAP. LXXXr.

CAP. LXXXII.

• Vo uXXXI

LI

CAP,



Digitized by

Anno decimo feptirao Georgii III. c. 83—89. [ty/ju CAP. LXXXIII.

An aft forcontinuing the term of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year cif 1 he reign of hi* late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road

. from the top of Harn'nam-hill, near the city of NewSarum, in the county or Wilts, through the towns of Blanford Forum and Dorchefter, to a certain intrenchment on Aikerwell-hill, in the county of Dorfet, and from the index poft on the fide of Harnham-hdl aforefaid to a houfe called Mailer Baker's Farm-houfe, in the faid county of Wilts,

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an aft paiTed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The Gol-drn Farmer, near Bagihot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertford-bridge-hill, in the county ot Southampton.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of two afts, paiTed in the fecond and twenty-fecond years of bis late Majelty’s reign, for repairing the fe-veral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Lcominfter, in the county of Hereford.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging feveral of the powers contained in an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole and Winborn-minfter, in the county of Dorfet, to the turnpike road in the parith of Brianflon, in the faid county of Dorfet, which leads from Blandtord-forum to Dorchefter.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of two afts, paiTed in tbe fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of nis late Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the welt riding of the county o? York.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and altering the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of hh late Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned, in tbe counties of Warwick and Oxford, fo far as relates to the road from the Guide poll in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the mileway leading towards the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft paiTed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The Halfway-houfe, in the pariih of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorfet, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the eait end of the town of Axmin-fter, in the county of Devon, and feveral other roads found the town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerfet} and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the pariih of Yeovil; and the road from Chard to Cheefewny-aih; and from White Down to Perry-ftreet, in Chard, and from thence to the turnpike road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the {aid county of Dorfet,

Digitized by Google

C A P. XC.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majelty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads frond the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby-bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lan-cafter.

CAP. XCI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road leading from the Maypole, in the town of Henneld, over Poynings common, to the town of Bright* helmftone; and from Poynings common aforefaid, to High-crofs, in the parifh of Albeurne; and from thence, for the diftance of two furlong* of the road oriane leading towards Twineham; and from the marle-pit near the bottom of Saddlefcombe-hil), in the parilh of Newtimber, to the marie-pit fronting Newtimbei Broad Lane, in the fame parifh, in the county of SufTex.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for repealing fo much of two afts, made in the eleventh and feven-teenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing fe-veral roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the cqunty of Derby, as relates tc a road leading from the gaol-bridge in the faid town of Derby, through the town of Afliborne, to Hurdloe-houfe in the faid county, for making more effeftnai provifion for repair of the faid road; and for enabling the truftees to alter part of the courfe of the prefeut road between Afliborne and the New-inn Turnpike.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft for continuing the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty, ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile itone beyond Willoughby.hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Win-canton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to Mi 1 borne.port; and from Willoughby-hedge aforefaid tothe^eft end of Long-Une, in KiU mington; and from Wincanton aforeiaid to the Sherborn turnpike crofs-gate on Cattle-hiil, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Someriet.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Stall-gate Clofe, at the fouth-weft end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill $ and from the faid town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the county of Bedford and alfo the road branching out of the fame in Kempifon-field to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the laid town of Bedford.

CAP. XCV.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft of parliament, made in the twenty.ninth year of the reign of bis late Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerfet, and for repairing aod widening the Jireet from the north or north eaft end of Coombe-ftrect, along PatweU-ttreet, in the (aid town of Brewton, to the fouth or fouth saft fide of Dymond’t River.

L1 2	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

jr

49° Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 96—102. [1777.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft to enlarge the term and power# of an aft, patted in the^twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the feveral road# therein mentioned, leading to, through, and ~ from the town of Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of his late tnajefty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Union-point near the town of Ucknela, in the county of SufTex, to Langney bridge in the parifhof Wefthara, ia the faid county, and for more effeftually repairing the faid road ; and alfo for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the fide gate on the Horfe-bridge turnpike road, in the parifti of Hellingly, to the turnpike road leading from Crofs-in-hand to Burwafli, in the laid county.	,

CAP. XCVIII. \

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Combe-bridge, through Winfley and Bradford, toStaverton-bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on Aihton-common, and alfo the road tram Bradford-bridge to Cock- , hill-gate, all in the county of Wilts { and for making effectual provifion for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokefordi, in the fame county.

C A P. XCIX.

An aft for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of Warminller, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Briftol divide j and from the town of Frame to the town of Beck-ington, in the county of Somerfet; and for repealing an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, relating to the faid roads; and for repairing the road from or near the Red-lion in the pa-rifh of Woolverton, in the faid county of Somerfet, to Rode-bridge, and from the laid bridge to the turnpike road leading from Trow-hridge by White-trough to Btckington a lore faid.

CAP. C.

An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

CAP. Cl.

An aft for repealing fo much of three afts, made in the eleventh, feven-teenth, and thirty-third years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the north fide of Cavendi(h-bridge,m the faid county of Derby, through the faid town of Derby to Braflineton, in the faid county; and for making more effectual provifion for the repair of the faid road.

CAP. CII.

An a$ for repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the townlhip of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knareiborough to Wctherby, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP.



Digitized by

49*

*777*3 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103— 110. CAP. CIII.

An aft Jor amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookhill, in the parifli of Cbickrell, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and feveral other roads therein mentioned in the county of Dorfet.

CAP. CIV.

An aft for more effeftually amending, widening, and keeping in repair feveral roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Poole called Poole-gate, and tor repealing two afts of parlia* ment of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his Tate Maj'fty relating to the (aid roads; and alfo for appl^ng a certain fum of money therein mentioned towards paving and repairing a certain ftreet or way within the faid town and county.

CAP. CV.

An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in the parifli of Afthall, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

CAP. CVI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the fame riding.

CAP. CVII.

An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of Dumfries) and for converting the ftatute labour within the faid county into money; 'and for applying the fame towards repairing the highways within the fame county.

CAP. CVIII.

An aft for amending the road from the fouth eaft end of the tosfa of	S

Loughborough, in the county of Leicefter, to Derby-bridge, near The Rufhes, and from the (aid bridge, to the fouth end of Cavcndilh-bridge, in the fame county.

CAP. CIX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln) and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the prefent turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge bridge, over the faid bridge, weftward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter-hill) and from the termination of the prefent turnpike road at the foot of Can wick-hill, fouth ward, to a windmill at the top of the faid hill.

CAP. CX.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Gatefliead in the county of Durham, to the church-lane near Ryton Lanehead) and from Bar-moor to the Hexham turnpike road near Dilfton-bar, in the county of Northumberland j and alfo the road from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver hill, and for making a road crofs certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees eiquire, in the parifh of Ryton in the county of Durham.

CAP.

Digitized by Goode

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 111.	[ 1777.

CAP. CXI.

An for enlarging the tertn and powers of an a€t Made in tie ninth year of the reign ot bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An a& for repairing and *widening the road from Taiy Cafn Ferry, in tbe county of Caernarvon, and through tbe towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon9 to tbe town ofPwll-befy tn tbe fame county \ and aHo for repairing and widening the roads from Tal y Cafn ferry aforefirid, on the Denbighfhire fide of the river Conway, to join the turnpike road between Conway and Saint Afaph, at a place called Sam y Mynech 5 and from the turnpike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Aber, over Bwlch y Ddwyfaen mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforefaid, and from thence to the town of Llany wft in the county of Denbigh.

END of VOLUME XXXI.

Digitized by Google