THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Firft Year of K. William and Q^Mary,

TO THE

Eighth Year of K. William III.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq;

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Firft Year of K. William and Q^Mary,

TO THE

Eighth Year of K. William III.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. IX.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efqs

Reader of the Law Lefture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

Table of the statutes,

Containing the Titles of all such A6te as are' extant in print, from the Firft Year of King William and Queen Mary, to the Eighth Year of King William III.

Anno ifV.&M. Sejf. i.

Cap, i. T?OR removing and pre-Jl venting all queftions and difputes concerning the aflcmbling and fitting of this prefent parliament.

Cap. 2. For impowering his Majesty • to apprehend and detain such per-fons as he (hall find juft caufe to fufpedt are confpiring againft the government.

Cap. 3. For the granting a prefent aid to their Majefties.

Cap. 4. For reviving of adtions and procefs lately depending in the courts at Wefimnjler, and difcon-tinued by the not holding of Hilary term, and for fupplying other defeats Telating to proceedings at law.

Cap. 5. For punilhing officers or fol-diers who Ihall mutiny or defert their Majefties fervice.

Cap. 6. For eftablifhing the coronation oath.

Cap. 7. For impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such per-fons as he (hall find juft cau(e to fufpedt are confpiring againft the government.

. Cap. 8. For the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths.

Cap. 9. For the amoving papifts, and reputed papifts from the cities of London and Wefminfier, and ten

' miles diftant from the fame.

Cap. 10. For the taking away the revenue arifing by hearth money.

Cap. n. For explaining and making Vot. IX,

effectual a ftatute made in the first year of Xing James the Second, concerning the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 12. For the encouraging the exportation of corn.

Cap. 13. For railing money by a poll* and otherwife, towards the reducing of Ireland.

Cap. 14. For preventing doubts and queftions concerning the collecting the publick revenue.

Cap. 15. For the better fecuring the government, by difarming papifts and reputed papifts;

Cap. 16. That the fimoniacal promotion of one perfon may not preju-dice,another.

Cap. 17. For rectifying a miftake in a certain act of this prefent parliament, For the amoving papifts from the cities of London and vv eftmin-fter.

Cap. 18. For exempting their Majefties proteftant fubjects, diflenting from the church of England,, from the penalties of certain laws.

Cap. 19. For impowering their Majefties to commit, without bail, such perfons as they (hall find juft caufe to fufpect are confpiring a-gainft the government.

Cap. 20. For a grant to their Majefties of an aid of twelve pence in the pound for one year, for the necefla-ry defence of their realms.

Cap. 21. Fcr enabling lords commif-

. fioners for the great feal to execute the office of lord chancellor, or lord keeper.

a * 7  *  Cap. 22.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 22. For the exportation of beer, ale, cyder, and mum.

Cap. 23. For reviving two former a As for exporting ofleather.

Cap. 24.x For an additional duty of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors.

Cap. 25. To regulate the adminiftra-t&n of the oaths required to be taken by commiflion or warrant officers employed in their Majefties fervice by land; by virtue of an aA

' made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aftfor the abrogating of the oaths of Jupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths.

Cap. 26. To veft in the two univer-nties the prefentations of benefices belonging to papifts.

Cap. 27. For taking away the court holden before the prefident and council of the marches of Wales.

Cap. 28. For appropriating certain duties, for paying the ftates general of the united provinces their charges for his Majesty's expedition into this kingdom, and for

'. other ufes.

Cap. 29. For relief of the proteftant Irifb clennr.

Cap. 30. To repeal the ftatute made in the fifth year of King Henry the Fourth, againft the multiplying gold and filver.

Cap. 31. An additional aA for the appointing commiifioners for the executing an aA of this prefent parliament, intituled. Ad aft for a grant to their Majefties of an aid of twelve pence in the pound for one year, for the necejfary defence of their realms.

Cap. 32. For the better preventing the exportation of wool* and encouraging the woolen manufaAures of this kingdom.

Cap. 33. For explaining part of an aA made in the first year of King fames the Firft, concerning tanned leather.

Cap. 34.# For prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

Private ASs.

Anno 1 W. & M. Sejf. x.

1.  An aA for annulling and making void the attainder of WiUliam Rujfely efq; commonly called lord Ruffel.

2.  An aA for exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament for naturalizing

. the molt noble prince George of ' Denmark.

3.  Ari aA for the naturalization of the moft noble prince George of Denmark, and fettling his precedence.

4.  An aA for naturalizing Frederick count Schonbergy and others.

5.  An aA to enable Younger Cooky efq; to fell lands tapay his debts, and provide for his younger children.

6.  An aA for the naturalization of Henry de Naftfiniy and others.

7.  An aA for the annulling and making void the attainder of Algemoon Sidney, efq;

8.  An aA for annulling and making void the attainder of Alice Life, widow.

9.  An aA for the fale or leafing the capital mefluage, late Henry Coven-try's, efq; in Piccadilly.

10.  An aA for'building into tenements the remaining part of Arundel ground, as now inclofed.

11.  An aAfor the naturalization of Anne Aftley, and others.

12.  An aA for the better alluring the manor of Silton, and demifing other lands and tenements in Silton in the county of Salop, unto Jofeph Soley, gent, and his heirs.

13.  An aA to enable Robert Pemvarnt , to fell lands, to pay his brothers

and lifters portions, and alfo to pa; debts.

14.  An aA to make good a recovery fuffered by the earl of Peterborough and lord Mordant.

1$. An alt to enable Theodore Bathurfl

iq

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

to make a jointure for his wife, and to charge monies on part of his eftate in Yerkflnre.

16.  An ad for reverting the attainder of Henry Comi/b9 efq; late aider-man of the^rity of London.

17.  An ad for ere&mg a court of confidence at Newcajtte upon Tyne.

18.  An ad for eroding courts of conference in the cities of Briftol and Gliuceftefy and the liberties thereof.

19.  An ad for the better regulating the (alt works in Droitwich.

20.  An ad to enable Thomas Cbettel to fell part of his eftate, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his wife and children.

21.  An ad to enable truftees to grant leafes of the eftate of Ricisard Heleyy efq;

22.  An ad for enabling of Hannah Sherlejy widow, and Mary Battilbey alias Sherley9 her /laughter, to fettle and difpofe of certain lands and tenements in the counties of Middle-fex and Ejfex.

Annoi W. IA M* Sfffl 2.

Cap. 1. For a grant to their Majefties of an aid of two (hillings in the pound for one year. <

Cap. 2. For declaring the rights and liberties of the fiibjtd, aha fettling the fucceffion of the crown.

Cap. 3. Fof preventing all doubts and queftions concerning the colluding the publick revenue.

Cap. 4. For punching officers or folders who (hall mutiny or defert their Majefties (Service; and for pu-nilhing wife mufters.

Cap. 5. For a grant to their Majefties of an additional aid of twelve pence in the pound for one year.

Cap. 6. For the charging and colled-ing the duties upon coffee, tea, and chocolate, at the cuftom-houfe.

Cap. 7. For review of the late poll granted to their Majefties, and for an additional poll, towards the reducing of Ireland*

Cap. 8. For preventing vexatious fuits ag&inft such as aded in order to the bringing in their Majefties, or for their fervice.

Cap. o. For the better fecurity and reliefAtheir Majefties proteftant fub-jeds of Ireland.

Private Alls.

Anno \W.IA M. Sejf 2.

1.  An ad for naturalizing JVffliam IVattSy an infant.

2.  An ad for declaring and enading John Rogerfon to be a natural-born lubjed of this realm.

3.  An ad to enable the lord vifeount Hereford to make a jointure upon his marriage with Mrs. Elizabeth Norbourne% notwithftanding his minority.

4.  An ad fqr fettling a maintenance on the children of Sidney JVortiey alias Montague, efq; in cafe his wife furvive him.

5.  An ad to difeharge the duke of

~ Norfolk4 upon payment of certain

fums of money to the lady Elizabeth Terefa Ruffel* wife of Bartholomew Rujfely efq;

6.  An ad to enable the earl of Radnor to make a jointure to his wife, and to raife a fum of money out of fivers lands and tenements in Cornwall.

7.  An ad to enable Thomas Eden, efq;

. to fell lands, to pay his debts, and

to make provifion for his wife, arid

„ for his children, in cafe he (hail have any.

8.  An ad to enable William Batf<my efq; to fell lands in the county of Oxon, and to purchafe and fettle an eftate in the county of Suffolk to the fame ufes.

Anno 7.W.& M. Sejf 1.

Cap. 1. For recognizing King Willi dm and Queen Maryy and for avoiding all queftions touching the made

a %

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the parliament aflembled at Weji-minjler, the thirteenth day of February^ one thousand fix hundred eighty eight.

Cap. 2. For railing money by a poll, and otherwife, towards the reducing of Ireland, and profecuting the war againft France.

Cap. 3. For granting to their Majefties for their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them, certain impofi-tions upon beer, ale, and other liquors.

Cap. 4. For granting to their Majesties a fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize expbrt-ed and imported.

Cap. 5. For enabling the fale of goods diftrained for rent, in cafe the rent be not paid in a reafonable time.

Cap. 6. For the exercife of the government by her Majesty, during his Majesty’s abfence.

Cap. 7. To declare the right and freedom of election of members to ferve in parliament for the Cinque Ports.

Cap. 8. For reverfing the judgment in a £>uo Warranto againft the city of ' London, and for reftoring the city of ' London to its ancient rights and privileges.

Cap. 9. For the difeouraging the importation of thrown filk.

Cap. 10. For the King’s and Queen’s molt gracious, general, and free pardon.

Private Ails.

Ann* 2 W. fcf M. SeJJ 1.

1.  An a6t for making Worthenbury a diftinft parilh from Bangor.

2.  An adt to fupply a defedt in an adt of the laft parliament, for fale and leafing of a houfe late Mr. fecreta-ry Coventry's in Piccadilly.

3.  An adt to enable John Wolfenholm, efq; to fell lands to pay debts.

4.  An adt to illegitimate any child or children that Jane the wife of John Lewknor, efq; hath had, or ftulj

have, during her elopement from him.

5.  An adt to enable Algernoon earl of EJfex to make a wife a jointure, and for railing of monies for pay* ment of 60001. borrowed to make up die lady Morpeth's portion; and to make a fcttlement of his eftate on his marriage.

6.  An adt for making fome provifion for the daughters and younger Tons of Anthony earl of Sha/tefiury.

7.  A bill for the fale of the capital mefluage or manfion houfe of Harle-ford, and manor of Great Marlow, and other lands in the county of Bucks.

8.  A bill to enable Sir Robert Pen-wick to Tell lands for payment of his debts.

9.  A bill for confirming a fettlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, baronet, for a feparate maintenance for dame Dorothea his wife, and for pther trufts ; and for the better enabling tniftees to fell part/ of his eftate for payment of his debts.

10.  A bill whereby the freehold and inheritance of the manor of Lob-worth alias Lollworth, and the ad-vowfon of the church of Loleworth alias Lollzvorthf in the county, of Cambridge, and divers other lands and hereditaments in Loleworth a-forefakt, and in Long Stanton in the faid county, are vefted in Altham Smith of Cray's Inn in the county of Middlefixy efq; and William Gore of London, merchant, and their heirs, in fee-fimple in pofiefiion, to the ufe of them and their heirs, in truft for John Edwards of Deb-don Hall in the county of Ejfexy efq; and his heirs, to the intent the fame may be fold.

1 j. A bill to enable Sir Humphry Fo-refer to fettle and difpofe lands.

12.  A bill to enable Thomas Berenger, efq; to fell lands for payment of his debts.

13.  A bill to Yeft the eftate of Cad-

wal-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

toaBaicr Wytmt, efqj in truftees, for the payment of his debts.

14.. A bill for the naturalizing of David le Grand, and others.

15.  An aft for confirming to the governor and company trading to Hudfon's bay, their privileges and trade.

16.  An aft for the encouraging and better eftablifhing the manufacture of white paper in this kingdom.

17.  An aft to enable Sir Edwin Sadler to fell lands for payment of debts.

l8« An aft for the granting to Elizabeth* relift of John Hobby* efq; and now the wife of the lord Alexander* fon and heir apparent of Henry earl of Starlings in the kingdom of Scotland^ one annuity or yearly rent charge of 4501. tor her life, in fa-tisfaftion of 5001. per annum; in lands, which (he was to have for her jointure.

Anno 2 W.IA M. Sejfi.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to their Majefties of the fum of fixteen hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteen (hillings.

'Cap. 2. Concerning the commiflion-ers of the admiralty.

Caj>. 3. For doubling the duty of ex-cife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the fpace of one year.

-Cap. 4. For granting to their Majesties certain impositions upon all Eqfl India goods and merchandifes, and upon all wrought filks, and fe-veral other goods and merchandife, to be imported after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix Hundred and ninety. Cap. 5. For the continuance of feye-ral fprmer afts therein mentioned,

• for the laying feveral duties upon wines, vinegar, and tobacco.

Cap. 6. For punifhing officers and feldicr? who (ball mutiny or defert

their Majefties fervice, and for pu-nifhing wife mufters.

Cap. 7. For reviving a former aft for regulating the meafures and prices of coals.

Cap. 8. For paying and cleanfing the Streets in the cities of London and JVeJlminJler, and fuburbs and liberties thereof, and out parifhes in the county of Middlefex* and in the borough of Southwark* and other places within the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey* and for regulating the markets therein mentioned.

Cap. 9. For the encouraging the di-ftilling of brandy and fpirits from corn, and for laying feveral duties on low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction.

Cap. io. For granting to their Majefties feveral additional duties of ex-cife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for four years, from the time that an aft for doubling the duty of cxcife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the fpace of one year, doth e^mire.

Cap. 11. For appointing and enabling commiffioners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 12. For raifmg the militia of . this kingdom for the year one thou-* fand fix hundred ninety and one, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 13. For preventing vexatious Suits againft such as afted for their Majefties fervice in defence of the kingdom.

Cap. 14. .For the more effeftual putting in execution an aft, intituled. An att for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

Cap. 15. For relief of poor prisoners . for debt or damages.

Private ASs.

Anno zlV.tA M. Sejf. 2.

1.  An aft for the enabling the fale of tfie manor of Kempton and Kempton

* 3  Park*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Part, and other lands late of Ftan-* 13. An aft for the naturalizing of cis Philips, efq; deceafed. ^  (  Francis  di la Cham bn, and others,

~  "  14.  An  aft for felling the eftate of

Henry Serb, efq* deceafed.

15, An aft to free the eftate of Sfr Samuel Barnardiflon from feveral in-

An aft to enable Dacres Barret, a« lias Lennard, efq; to charge the re-verfion of his eftate in England with the fum of 1500).

3.  An aft to prohibit the covering of houfes, and other buildings, with thatch or ftraw, in the town of Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

4.  An aft to veft divers melfuages and tenements (the eftate of David Big, efq;) in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to be raif-ed thereby in the purchafe of lands more to his convenience, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

5.  An aft to veft the manor and lahds late of George Filet, efq; in truftees, to be fold for railing portions for his daughters.

6.  An aft to enable Elizabeth Montague, widow, to let leafes for years of houfes and ground in Stepney in the county of Middlefex.

7.  An aft for fecuring the portion of

• Elizabeth Lucy, and breeding her

lip a proteftant; and for transferring the trull for that purpose.

8.  An aft for the enabling of truftees to fell certain lands of Richard Cooke, deceafed, to pay debts, and to raife a portion for his daughter.

9.  An aft to enable Philip HtUeyard, efq; to fell lands in Surrey, and to fettle tends in Lincolnjhire in lieu thereof.

10.  An aft to annul and make void a marriage between Mary Wharton an infant, and 'James Campbel, efq;

11.  An aft for veiling diverslands in * truftees, to be fold for the payment of certain debts of Saintleger Scroop, «%

12.  An aft for the better enabling Jane Bray, widow, the relift and . lole executrix of the ]aft will of Reginald Bray, efq; deceafed, and others, to the fpeedier railing the portions already appointed for her daughters by the faid Reginald Bray.

cumbrances, occalfoned by a judgment given againft him, upon an information in the. court of King's Bench.

16.  An aft to give Catharine lady Cornbury certain powers to aft as if (he were of full age.

17.  An aft to bar a remainder limited to Dudley Bagnal, efq; in the eftate of Nicholas Bagnal, elq; in Ireland.

18.  An aft for the limiting the power of James now earl of Salijbury, to cut off the intail of his eftate.

19.  An aft for the veiling feveral mefluages arid tenements in the city of London,’ late the eftate of John Bains, gent, deceafed, in truftees,

- tabe fold for payment of debts.

20.  An aft for railing money out of the eftate of Thomas Williams, efq; deceafed, by letting leafes, and otherwife, tor the more fpeedy payment of his debts.

21.  An aft to enable Thomds Sheaf to fell lands, for payment of debts, and making provilion for his wife, according to an agreement for that purpose.

‘22" An aft for the fettling a charity given by Robert AJk, efq; to the company of haberdalhers, London.

23.  An aft to enable Thomas earl of Ailejbury, and Elizabeth countefs of Jilefiury his wife, to make provilion for payment of debts* and tQ make leafes of their eftates.

24.  An aft for incorporating the proprietors of the water works in tort Buildings, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and fettling the faid water works.

25.  An aft for veiling certain lands (the eftate of Thomas Mairrwaring, gent.) in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts.

*6. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

26.  An aft to enable John efq; to fell lands for payment of debts.

Anno 3  W.iAM.

Cap. 1. For granting to their Maje-mes certain impomions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for one year.

Cap. 2. For abrogating the oath of fupremacy in  Irelanand appoint-

ing other oaths.

Cap. 3. For the better afcertaining die tithes of hemp and flax.

Cap. 4. For preferving two ihips lading of bay fait, taken as prize, for the benefit of their Majefties navy.

Cap. For granting an aid to their Majefties of the fum of fixteen hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteen (hillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous war againft

Aim 3  4  W.li

Cap. 6. For railing money by a poll payable quarterly for one year, for the carrying on a vigorous war* a-gainlt France.

Cap. 7. For railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thousand fix hundred ninety two, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 8. For the encouragement of the breeding and feeding of cattle.

Cap. 9. To take away clergy from feme offenders, and to bring others to punilhment.

Cap. 10. For the more effectual discovery and punilhment of deer-ftealers.

Cap. 11. For the better explanation and fupplying the defefts of the former laws for the fettlemenfe of the poor.

Cap. 12. For the better repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling the rates of carriage of goods.

Cap. t3. Againft correfpondihg with their Majefties enemies.

Cap. 14 For relief of creditors againft fraudulent devices.

Cap. 15. For the better ordering and collecting the duty upon low wines and ftrong waters} and for pit-venting the abufes therein.

Private

Anno 3 IA4

z. An aft for making a twelve years leafe, made by the earl and countefs of Ailejbury, for payment of debts ' (which was determinable on their deaths) to have continuance abfo-lutely for those twelve years.

2.  An aft for the fettling a fee-farm-rent of one hundred pounds per annum upon the bilhop of Ely, and his fuccefiors, to be ilfiung out of Ffaton Garden, in the county of Middle/ex,the mefluages there* upon eiefted; and for the fettling and alluring the fame, fubjeft to the faid rent, uppn Chriftopber lord vif-

- count Hatton, his heirs and affigns forever.

3.  An aft to enable the executors and truftees of S\r Thomas Putt, bait, de-ceafed, to leafe feveral mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, during the minority of Sir Thomas Putt, bart. fon and heir of the faid Sir Thomas Putt, towards the payment of 500/. a piece legacies to his three fillers,

Vrftda, and Sufanna Putt; as alio the debts of the laid Sir the father.

4.  An aft for naturalizing Sir Martin Beckman, and others.

5.  An aft for fale of the manor of,

artd lands in Wittering, in the county of Northampton, and the advow-fon of the church of Wittering a-forefaid, and late the inheritance of William Stydolph, efq; deceafed, late father of  Sygifmond Stydolph, efq;

6.  An aft for fettling a jointure on

a 4  Jane

A .TABLE of the STATU TES,

jfjafte -the wife of colonel Edward fltatthewsr daughter of Sir Thomas ; drmJ}rottg, deceafad. .

7.  An a61 for the? verting and fettling ; divers lands in Gloucefierjbire, in . truftees, to be fold for the payment

pf the remaining portions; to* the children of Qcgrge Montagu** efq; deceafed,

8.  An a ft tp veft certain mefluaees, Jands, tenements, in Thorp Langton, and elfewhere, in the

. county of Leicejler, m truftees, to , be fold for payment of the debts of Richard Robertsefq; and for raif-ing portions for his daughters.

An aft for the faleof the manor of Manworthy, with its appurtenances, - in the county of Devon, bang the \ lands and eftate of Nicholas Martyn,

’ efq* by truftees herein after named, for the payment of the debrs of the * faid Nicholas. Martyn.

20. An aft to veft the eftate late.of , - Henry Dr ax, efij* deceafedf in Thomas Shatter den > gent, and to enable the faid Thomas .Shatterden, and 0-. thers,. .to whom the laid eftate is de-vifed, to make a jointure. *

11.  An aft for* enabling Sir Dudley ■ Cullutn, bait, to raife monies to pay < bis brothers:and lifters portions. *2. An a61 to enable the fide of feve-ral land?, for the payment of the debts jand legacies of Maurice. Shelton, and others; and for fettling other lands inftead of them.

33.  An aft to enable truftees to fell / the eftate of Edward Smithy efq; de-ceafed, to raife money for the payment of his debts, and to make a prdvifion for his children, who are infants...............

14.  An aft for the enabling of Sir Thomas Burton, hart, to fell lands for payment of debts.

15.  An aft to enable William Bayille to fell fome lands for payment of debts.

f 6. An aft for the enabling the right honourable Cbarlef earl of Winwh

fea to fettle a jointure upon any wife ’ he (hall marry, during his minority.

17.  An aft for the better enabling the truftees and executors of* Richard Campion, deCeafed, to perform his will.

18.  An aft to enable the truftees of the right honourable James lord Waldgrave to make leafes, and grant copyhola eftates, for the payment of the arrears of annuities of Henry: ford Waldgrave, his father, deceased.

19.  An aft for enabling Francis More, efq; to feH the manor of Bayhoufe,

• and lands in Wejl Thorocke in the county of EJfex; and to pqrchafe and fettle other lands in lieu there-of.

20.  An aft for enfranchifing feveral copyhold lands and tenements ho{d-

. enof the manors oiAlbury and North

. Mimms in the county of Hertford.

21.  An aft for the better fecuring the portions, debts, and legacies given and owing by James late earl of Sa-

r UJbury.

22.  An aft for fale of the eftate of

. John Cripps, gent, in the county of

Kent, and for fettling another eftate ,of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufe*.

23.  An aft to veft certain lands of mUirn Molyneux, gent, it* truftees, for railing the fum of 2000/. for

*. paying the portions to his younger ‘ brother and lifters, purfuant to a

. decree ip the court of Chancery

24.  An aftfor naturalizing of Main-hard duke of Leinjler, and others.

25.  An aft for the enabling Philip lord Stanhope, fon and heir apparent of the right honourable Philip earl Of Gbefierfidd, together with the faid earl, to make a jointure and

, fettlementupon the marriage of the faid Philip lord Stanhope.

‘26. An aft to enable Henry Halflead to make a leafe for the improvement of his prebend of Earl-ftxeet in the church of St .Paul, London.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

*7. An aft to enable the bilhop of London* and. truftees, to fell the manor of Bujbley in.the county,of Worcejler* part of the biflioprick of London ; and to purchafe other; lands, to be annexed to the faid bilhoprick, for the improvement thereof.

28.  An aft for the fettling of certain . mefliiages, mills, lands, and tenements, in the county of Merioneth* upon certain truftees, to be fold or mortgaged, towards the payment of

. the debts of William Vaughan and Jenkin Vaughan* efq; deceafed.

29.  An aft tor the enabling Vincent . Grantham* efq; to leafe part of his

manor of Golthoe in Lincolnjbtre, for the railing monies to pay portions and debts charged thereupon.

30.  An aft for naturalizing of Armand Nampar do Comment* commonly called marquefs of MonpavUlan* and others.

31.  An 9ft to enable the truftees of , James late earl of Suffolk* -to fell the

. manor of Hadftock \n Effex* and for difcharging feveral other manors . and lands of the faid late earl, from ,000 /. remainder of 10,000 /. by im formerly charged thereon. ?

32.  An aft. for the more fpeedy pay* ^ ment of the debts of Elizabeth Curtis* widow, late deceafed, and per*

, formance of an agreement touching the fame, made between Charles . Curtis in his life-time, and Edward ; Earle* according to a decree in the high cqurt of Chancery.

33.  An aft for the veiling feveral maf nors, lands, and rents, in the counties of Lincoln, Berks* and Devon7 in truftees, to be fold for the buying other manors and lands to d? Jettled for the fame, or the like ufes, as those to be fold arc now fettled.

34.  An aft for fecuring, out of fome 1 of the manors, lands, tenements,

and hereditaments of Charles PtU Jmtn of Brcidflj* in the county of

Lincoln* efq; the fum of <000 /. with intereft untd Anne Pelham, •ddell daughter of the faid Charles. ^

35.  An aft for the better .yelling and

. fettling the manor of EaJlHerfey in

Surrey* in truftees, to be fold for payment of thedebts of Philip Hilde— yard*c fq;

36.  An aft for the better alluring to Georgf Vernon and his heirs and af-iigns, four acres of land .in Ebijbam

. in the* county of Surrey.

37.  An aft for incorporating the proprietors of the water works in the

1 parilh of St. Pauls Shadwell in the county of Middiefete* and for the encouraging, carrying on, and fettling the faid water works.

38.  An aft to veil divers manors, lands, and tenements in the coun-

2 of Leicejler, in truftees, to be Id, for the payment of the debts and legacies of Sir William Halford, knight, deceafed, and for payment . of the other debts of Sir JvtUifim Halford now living, prior to his marriage fettlement with the lady Francef\i\s noW wife.

39.  .An aft for fettling the manor and lord (hip of Kings Bromley * and other the melTuages, lands, tenements,

' and hereditaments of Barbara New-ton* widow; relift of Samuel New* ton* late of the iiland of Barbadoes in America* efq; deceafed, and John Newton* elq; fon bnd heir of the ' faid Samuel* by the faid Barbara.

40.  An*aft to enable Sir Edwin Sad-ler* bart:*'to fell lands to pay hiq debts.

41.  An aft for veiling certain pieces or carpels of ground in the parilh of ot.Jamifs* and St. Martin in the fields* late the eftate of Henty duke of Grafton* deceafed, jn truftees, to - be fold.

42.  An aft to enable John Keble* gent.

*T to fell certain lands in Stow Market in the county of Suffolk* and to fettle other lands of greater value to the fame uf?s,

4nno

A TABLEof thf STATUTES.

Armo 4 Wi  M.

Cap. i. For granting to their Majefties an aid of four (hillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on a vigorous war againft France.

Gap. a. .That the inhabitants of the province of York may difpofe of

4 their perfcmal dittos by their wills, ftotwithftanding the cuflom of that province.

Cap. 3. For granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of ex-cife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompenses and advantages in the laid ad* mentioned, to meh perfons as fhall voluntarily advance the fum

• Of ten hundrea thousand pounds* towards carrying on the war againft Frdnee.

Cap. 4. Fof taking fpecial bails in the country upon adions and fuits depending in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pkds, and Exche-qutf> il'WeJlminjter.

Anno + &  M.'

Cap. 5. For granting to their Majefties certain additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandises for the profecoting the prefent war againft France.

Cap. 6. For railing the nciilitia of this

. kingdom for the year one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid^

Cap. 7. To prevent abufes committed by the traders in butter and cheefe*.

Cap. 8. For encouraging the apprehending of highwaymen.

Cap. 9. For reviving of two former ads of parliament for repairing the highways in the.county of Hertford.

Cap. 10. For prohibiting the importation of all foreign hair buttons.

Cap. 11. For examining, taking, and ftating the publick accounts of this kingdom.

Cap: 12. To make parifhioners of the church united contributors to the repairs and ornaments of the church to whom the union is made. Cap. 13. For punifhing officers and foldiers, who fhall mutiny or de-fert their Majefties fervke; and for punifhing falfe mufters, and for the payment of quarters.

Cap. 14. For the review of the quarterly poll granted to their Majefties in the laft feffion of this prefent parliament.

Cap. 15. For continuing certain ads therein mentioned, and for charg-' jng feveral joint flocks.

Cap. 16. To prevent frauds by clan-deftine mortgages.

Cap. 17. For the regaining, encouraging, and fettling tht Greenland trade. Cap. 18. To prevent malicious inform matrons in the court of King's Bench, and for the more easy revcrfel of outlawries in the fame court.

Gap. 19. For preventing fuits againft such as aded for their Majefties fervice in defence of the kingdom. Cap. 26. For the better difcovery of judgments in the courts of King's ■Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Wejimtnfter*

Cap. 21. For delivering declaration* to prifoners.

Cap. 22. For regulating proceedings in the crown office in the court of King's Bench at WeJlmnJUr.

Cap, 23. For the more easy difcove-ry and convidion of fucn as fhall aeftroy the game of this kingdom* Cap. 24, For reviving,' continuing, and explaining feveral laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring.

Cap. 23. For continuing the ads for prohibiting all trade and commerce with Prance, and for the encouragement of privateers*

Private Alts.

Anno  Af.

1.  An ad for the fale of the eftate of Anthony Eyre, efqj deceafed, for

pay-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

payment of his dehts,and portions for his children.

An adt for veiling the efiate real and perfonal, late of Henry Hawley* in truftees, to be fold, or otherwife difpofed, for the benefit of his daughters and heirs Sufan and Mary* who are both infants.

3.  An adt for clearing and removing fome doubts which may arife in an adt of parliament, intituled, An aft for the vefiing feveral manors* lands, and, rents in the counties of Lincoln, Berks, and Devon, in trufieesx to be fold for the buying other manors and lands* to be fettled for the fame, or the like ufesx as those to be fold tare now fettled. .

4.  An adt tp enable Sir John Went-worth, baronet, an infant under the age of one and twenty years* to make a jointure out and lettlement .of his manors and lands in the

counties of Tori* in the county, of the city of York* and Wejlmoreland.

5.  An adt for the* more fpeedy and effectual execution of the trull created by the will of Sir Anthony Brown, baronet, deceafed, and of a decree in chancery thereupon,.

6- An adt to enable Alexander Popham* efq; to fettle a jointure upon his wife, and to make provision for younger children, upon receipt, of .. 12000 /. portion, to be applied for . payment of his debts.

7 An adl to enable Sir George Parker of jRation in the county qiSujfcx* , baronet, to m^ke a fettlemerit upon his marriage, notwithftanding his minority.

8.  An adt to enable Wiliam Wafe* gent, and William Wake* dodtor in divinity, to make leafes for lives; or years, within the manor of Ship* wick, in the county of Dorfet. g. An adt for the redtifying a miltake in a certain adt of this prefent parliament, pa(Ted in the year .iogr* intituled. An aft to vejl certain lands of William Molyneux, gent, in tru-

fees* for railing the fum of 20001. for paying the portions to bis younger* brothers and fifiers* purfuant toco decree in the court of chancery. >

Jo. .An adt for the enabling $\itWil-liam Mannock* baronet, to charge * his eftate for the railing his younger childrens portions.

11.  An adt tor fettling the manor of KinfsNorth* for the enabling Barn-, bam Powel* efq; to make provifiori for his younger children.

12.  An adt to enable Ralph Macclesfield to fell, lands for payment of

. debts, and making provilion for his wife and children.

Anno$W.tf M.

13.  An adt for dividing the chdpelries of North Chapel and Dungton from the parilh of Petworth* and eredting. them into new parilhes * and for fettling the advowfons and rights of patronage of the redtories of fto-wortb* North Chapel* Dungtort* Ofe wer* Farnham Royal, Worplefdon, Kirby, Overblows, and Cattony and the vicarage of Long Horfity.

14* An ad for the fak of certain manors, mefluages, ljnds, and here-- ditaments, late the eftate of Frakcis Qjbafou* efq; deceafed, for the payment of his debts and legacies, and railing ten thoofand pounds for the . portion of MaryOJbaJlon* bis daughter,.chargeable upon the laid eftate. £$. An adt to enable & '\x Thomas Wroth* baronet, to make a jointure and fetdemcnt upon his marriage, and to make a provifioq for his filter,

. notwithftanding his being under the age of one and twenty years*

16.  An adt for the fettling ? jointure * on the wife of Anthony Danhy* efq;

r and for making provilion for his . - brothers^and younger children, and for payment of his debts.

17.  An adt for confirming the fide, of certain wood lands in the county

_ of Southampton* and certain articles of agreement made between^aac

A T ABLE of the

f * *  L

r Woollajkn and Richard Woolla/lon,

•  efquires. '

18.  An aft for the more fpeedy and cflfeftual execution of the truft created by the will of Henry Baynfon, efq; deceafed, and for railing a portion for his daughter.

19.  An acbto enable Richard Walthall,

cfq; to fell lands for the payment of portions and debts.  r

20.  An aft for the better afTurance of the manor of Wood Lands, and hundred of Knoulton, unto Edward Sey-

; wwr, efy;

2r. An aft to enable truftees to fell

*  part of the lands and tenements of Matthew Pitt, cCq; and Robert Pitt, gent, for the>pavwpt of debts, and to fettle the reft of thev lands upon

*  the ,faid Matthew and Robert, and 1 . the wife pf the faid Robert, and their / ifliie. '

21.  An aft for fettling the effcle of \ Francis Boyle, lord vi (count Shannon,

in the kingdom of Ireland.

23.* An aft to etiiblt Humphry lord / bilhop of Bangor, to make a leafe 1 **{'Bangor Hokfe, with the Appurtenances, in the parilh of St. Andrew -' Holbourn, London, for a competent

•  term of years, in order t<Mhe new . building, and improving the rent

-  thereof, for the benefit of his file-

T ceffors.  -  •«

04. An aft for vefting the manor of

-  Barcroft, Qxh&cv/tkThonocke, other-. wife Lewtbonocke, Hinton, 'othcr-

wife Hengton, and other lands in the county of Lincoln, Ifle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and JVbr-. /*Zf, in truftees, for the payment /. of the debts of Thomas Towers, efqj and making provifion for his wife and daughter,

25. An aft to enable Thomas Goodwin the younger, to' fell lands for the b fu^yment of debts, and making provifion for his wife and children.

26/ An aft to enable Roger Price,*fqj to fell feme part of his eftate, for

-  payment of portions to the d^ugh-

ST A TUXES. .

ters of John Priced ,efq; deceafed.

27.  An aft to enable Sir John IVil-t liams, of Langibby caftfe in the

*  county of Monmouth, baronet,* to fell the manors of Ewyas Lacy, Wa-lerjhme, and Trefcaillan, jmd other

L lands in the county of Hereford, *• and the manor of Carwent, and o-ther lands in tfie county of Mon-mouth,' for payment of debts.

28.  An aft for the fale of such inte-\reft as Thomas Breombati, infant, *’ hath in the office of the Warden of - the Pleet, and in thirteen houfes

adjoining, and in an office of the cuftody and keeping of the, palace at Wejlrranjler, for the more, effectual payment of debts.

29v An aft for exchanging of feveral ' finall parcels of land, in the pariftt and manor of Fulham, belonging 1 to the biftioprick of London, and part of the b^hoprick of London,

. for other lands of the like value, to ’ Charles carl pf Monmouth, and his heirs.

30. An aft for the naturalizing of i Henry Shiebell, and others.

31., An for fettling and confirm-irtg the manors^and lands in Ha-meldon, in the cqunty of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, add have

*  been for divers years laft paid* pur-. fuant to an agreement for inclofing ^ and exchanging of lands there.

32. An aft for the fale of lands by Sir

Robert Smith, and fettling other lands of greater value to the fame « ufes, ih lieu thereof,

23. An aft for the vefting a mefluage ■ arid lands in truftees, to be fold for the payment of the debts of Abraham Hinde, deceafed.

34.  An aft to enable Abel Atwood to fell feme lands to pay debts, and make provifion foryounger children,

Anno 5 Wc U M.

Cap. if For granting to their MaJe^

* fties an ^id of four (hillings in the

TABLE of the STATUTES.

pound for 'one year, for carrying on a vigorous war againft Frame.

Carp. 2. For repealing fiich parti of feveral former afts, as prevent or prohibit the importation of foreign brandy, aqua vit#, and other Spirits, and bacon, except from France.

Cap. ?. For the importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples thrown filk.

Cap. 4. To repeal a claufe in the fta-tute made in the four and thirtieth and five and thirtieth years of Kjng Henry the Eighth, by which ju-ftices of peace in Wales are limited to eight in each county.

Cap. 5. To fupply the deficiency of the money raifed by a former aft, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of ixctfe upon beer, ale, and other liquors, • for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to such per fins as Jhatt voluntarily advance the Jum of ten hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France.

Cap. 6. To prevent difputes and con-troverfies concerning royal mines.

Anno 5 fcf 6 W. £sT M.

Cap. 7. For granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to such perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France.

Cap. 8. For the explaining, and the more effeftual execution of a former aft, Tor the relief of poor pri-foners.

Cap. q. For repeal of a claufe in the ftatute of the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth (containing divers orders for artificers and others) which relates to weavers of cloth.

Cap. 10. For the relief of the orphans,

and other creditors of the cky of London.  '

Cap. 11. To prevent delays of pro-- ceedings at the quarter feffions df the peace. ,  •«

Cap. 12. To take away the procefs for the Capiatur fine, in the feverifl courts at Weftminfter.

Cap. 13. To repeal the ftatute made in the tenth year Of King Edward the Third, for finding fureties for the good abearing, by him or her that hath a pardon or felony.

Cap. 14. For railing money by a poll,

' payable quarterly, for one year, for carrying on a vigorous war againft France.

Cap. 15. For continuing the aft for punching officers and foldiers who (hall mutiny or defert their Majefties fervice, and for punching falfe m ufters, and for the payment of quarters, for one year longer.

Cap. 16. For the importation of fait petre, for one year.

Cap. 17. For the exportation of iron, copper, and mundick metal.,

Cap. 18. For the enabling th^ir Majefties to make grants, leafes, and copies, of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of tjtieir duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for confirmation' of? leafes and gratitd already made.

Cap. 19. For railing the militia of this kingdom, for the year one thousand fix hundred ninety four, although the month’s pay formerly * advanced be not repaid*

Cap. 20. For granting to their Majefties feveral rates, and duties upon tonnage of fhips and veflefs, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fudi perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the film of fifteen hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war againft Franti. Cap. 21. For granting to their Maj* fties feveral duties upon vellum,

parch-

. A TABLE «f the STATUTES.

patch rtieitf, and paper, for four years, towards carrying on the war •gainft France.

.Cap, 22. For the licenfing and regulating hackney coaches, and- ftage coached.

Cap, 23. For appointing and enabling commilBoners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 24. For building good and de-tenfible ihips.

Cap. 25. For the better difeipikie of

, their Majeftics navy royal.

Private Afis.

Anno

1.  An aft to enable John Vivian, efcj;

*  and Thomas Vivian his fon, to fell feme part of their eftate, for payment of debts, and making provi-

*  lion for younger children ; and for fettling other part of their eftate in

- lieu thereof.

2.  An aft to indftnnHy the truftees of

v James Clayton, efq; for joining with

him in felling lands for payment of this debts.  '

Anno 5 £9* 6 W. (A M.

3.  An aft to enable Roger WhitleyAxi elder, efq* and Thom* Whitley* efq;

■ to exchange certain lands of equal value, in the county of Chefler.

4* An aft for payment of the debts of George Turner, efq; deceafed-

5.  An aft to enable Sir Charles Bar-rington, baronet, tp fettle a jointure on dame Bridget his wife, and to make provision for their younger children.

6.  An aft to enable Thomas earl of Thanrt, and the honourable Sack-vHleTufteny his brother, to make a leafe for fixty years of Thanet houfe, in the pariih of St. Botolphy Alderf-gate, to commence after the remainder of the term of one and thirty years now in being.

I* An aft for fale of part of the eftate of llenry Ercre% an infant, to taife

> ‘'monies for inning and recovering other parts thereof now under water ; and . for payment of debts charged thereon.

8.  An aft for making a bridge over the river Axt$ in the county of So-merfet.

9.  An aft to enable John Whitehall to charge certain lands with the fum of 15001, towards portions fojr his younger children.

10.  An aft for fale of the eftate of Su-fan Chapfyety and Dorothy Cbaftyn her daughter, for payment at debts, and making a provifion for the faid Sufan and Dorothy.

11.  An aft to enable the truftees of Alice Turnery widow, and her children, to make fale of certain houfes, or ground, in or near Lincoln's Inn Fieldsy in the county of MiddkfeXy during the minority of the younger children.

12* An aft to enable Thomas Edwards to fell part.of his eftate fpr the payment of debts,, and to reftrain and difable him to commit waftc upon the refidue of the faid eftate.

13, An aft for fettling the inheritance of feme part of the eftate of Charles Turner* efq; (which lie difperfed) to himmif and his heirs, and fettling an entire eftate of greater value in lieu thereof, to the ufes the faid other parts of his eftate were fettled.

. 14. An aft for isle of the eftate of William Stephensy deceafed, for pay-, ment of the mortgage1'thereupon, and applying the overplus /or the benefit of his fons, who are infants.

15. An aft to veft the eftate of Mary% Elizabethy and Anne Milimayy and Edward Dixy and Arabella his wife,, and Lucy and Anne MtMmsjy in truftees, to be fold for fatisfaftion of mortgages and debts thereupon, and preserving the overplus for their benefit.

~l6* An aft for fettling the eftate of Sir John Maynardy knight, deceaf-w .. ed, late one of the lords commtf-

fioners

A- TABLE of the STATUTES.

fioners for the cuftody of die great feal of England.

17.  An a& tor payment.of the debts of John lord StawtH, lately deceafcd.

18.  An ad to enable truftces to fell

part of thecftate of Nathaniel  ,

gent, deceafcd, to raife money for payment of his debts, and maintenance for his children, who are infants.

19.  An ad for veiling the third' part of the manor of , alias Letby, and other lands in the county of Tori, in truftces to be fold; and for fettling a farm, and other lands, in Terling and Made Leigh;, in the county of Efftx-, of greater value, to and upon the Came ufes.

ao. An ad for ending a new parifh, to be called the parifh of St. John of  flapping in the county of Mid-

dltfex.

ai.  An ad for veiling in truftces the eftate late of Sir Jams , in Huntingtonjbire, to be ibid.

aa.  An ad for naturalizing Jthanna D'Offer el an infant, and her filler and two brothers, and others.

Amu 6 W. tS M.

Cap. x. For granting to their Maje-fties a fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other fume of money payable upon merchandises exported and imported.

Cap. a. Fdr the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments.

Anno  6

Cap. 3. For granting to his Majesty an aid of four (hillings inthe pound, for one year; and for applying the yearly fum of three hundred thou-fand pounds, for five years, out of the duties of tunnage and poundage, and other fums of money, payable upon merchandiies exported and imported, for carrying bn the war .againft Erpuenn/ith vigour.

Cap. 4. For exempting apothecaries . from ferving the offices of conftable, fcavenger, and other parifti and ward offices, and from ferving upon juries.

Anno 6 &7 3.

Cap. 5. For enabling such peribns as have effaces for hfe in annuities, payable by feveral former abts therein mentioned, to purchafe and obtain further or more certain m-terefts in such annuities ; and in default thereof, for admitting other perfons to purchase or obtain the lame, for railing monies for carrying on the war againd/harrs. .

Cap. 6. For granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon marriages, births, and burials, and upon batchelors, and widowers, for the term of five years, for carrying on the war againft France with vigour.

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majo-fly feveral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, and fpices, towards fatisfa&ion of the debts due for tranfport fervice, for the reduftion of Ireland.

Cap. ft. For continuing two former abts for punifhing officers and fol-diers, who (hall mutiny or defect his Majesty’s fervice, and for pu-nifhing falie mutters, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.

•Cap. 9. For appointing and enabling commiffioners to examine, take, and date the publick accounts.

Cap. 10. For the better adtneafure-ment of keels, and keel boats, in the port of  NewtaJUe, and the mem-

bers thereunto belonging.

Cap. 11. For the more enebhial fup-preffing profane curling and (wearing.

Cap. 12. For explaining and regulating feveral doubts, duties, and penuries in the late for granting feveral duties upan.vdlum,. parchment.

a table of the statutes.

mcnt, and paper; arid for afcer-taining the admeasurement of the ktunnage of (hips.

Cap. 13. For railing >the militia of this kingdom for the* year 1695. and for repealing the ftatute of 2 & 3 Edw. 6. intituled. An aft againfl Jbooting of hail /hot.

Cap. 14. For continuing fevecd laws therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. To indemnify. Sir Thomas

** Cooke from aftions which he might be liable to, by reafon of his discovering to whom he paid and di-ftributed feveral (urns of money therein mentioned to be received out of the treafure of the Eajl India company, or for any prosecution for such diftribution.

Cap. 16. To prevent exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames* weftward,' and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river.

Cap. 17! To prevent counterfeiting and clipping the coin of this kingdom.

Cap. 18. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon. glafs wares, (tone and earthen bottles, coals, and cutai, for carrying on the war againft France.

Cap. 19. For imprifoning Six Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, Charles Bates, efq; and James Craggs, and teftraining them from alienating their eftates.

Cap. 20. For the King's mod gracious, general, and free pardon.

Private Afts.

Anno 6 IV. W M.

1.  An aft for rebuilding the town of Warwick, and for determining differences touching houfes burnt and demolifhed by reafon of the late dreadful fire there.

2.  An aft for fupplying certain de-fefts in the directions made in and by a deed of trqft, and the laft will

of George Pitt, efijj deteafed* for fettling his eftate.

3.  An aft for naturalizing Barnard Coffcrat, alias Maurte, and Alexan. der Pringli, and others.

Anno 6 & 7 W. 3.

4.  An aft for fettling divers manors and lands upon the marriage of the marquifs of Tavi/lock, grandfon of the duke of Bedford.

5.  An aft to enable the guardians, of James earl of Saliflury to make leafes of SaUJbury houfe, and fome other hereditaments in the Strand', in the county of Middlefex? for improve-

. xnent thereof by building.

6.  An aft for confirming two inden-

. tures tripartite, the one of leafe, the

other of releafe, made between the righthonourable72wftz; earl of Tha-net IJland, of the first part, the honourable Sackville Tufion, efq; of the fecond part, and the honourable William Cheyne, efq, and Sir Charles Tufton, knt. of the third part, and the eftates thereby fettled.

7.  An aft for the dividing and fettling of the eftate of the coheirs of John late earl of Rochefler, and for discharging trufts thereupon.

8.  An aft for the vefting the manors of Earls Croome alias Jeffry s Croome, and Brighton in the county of Wbr~ cefier, in truftees to be fold, and for fettling the manor houfe and royalty of Wainjleet St. Mary's, in the county of Lincoln, and divers lands, parcel of the faid manor, of greater value, to and upon the fame ufes 5 and to enable Sir Robert Barkham, bart. to make provifiort for his younger children.

9.  An aft to veft in truftees certain lands of Sir Gervafe Clifton, bart. in the county of Nottingham, for payment of debts, and raifing portions for younger children.

xo. An aft for enabling the inhabitants of the parifh of Chrijl Churchy in the county of Surrey, to make

rates

A TABLE Of the STATUTES/

ratcs for raifing » maintenance fat, 18. An ad to veft certain lands ofSir a good and able minifter, and for .WiUiam  tart, in Yarkflnre

the Empowering the truftees of the and  ,  to be fold for payment

will of John AJarJbaU, .dtaeafedjvto , Of debts charged thereon, and to fe-imploy monies for the finilhing the cure portions for younger children, faid parilh church.  191  An  ad  for  enabling  Sir

It. An ad to confirm a grant, made  cott, lent, and tart, and dame Jane

by the redor of the united patilhes  his wife, to make leafes for ninety

or St. Michael Royal, and St. Mar-nine years, of the manor of Tooting, tin in the V'mtrcy, Londons of part of -  ,  and any of their mefiiia-

St. Martin's church-yard.  ges, lands, and hereditaments in

12.  An ad to enable tmftees to grant Tooting  ,  Tooting  Beaky and

leafes of the lands of Henry Northly, Strcatham., in the county of  ,

- efq; lately deceafed, for payment of  for the better improvement there-

in* debts, and providing a mainte- of*

. nance for his children.  20.  An  ad  to  enable  William

13.  An ad to veil certain lands and  an infant under the age of twenty

tenements, late of John Eft oft of  one years, to new build feveral mef-

. Etton,in the county of York, e%  fuages or tenements in

in truftees, to be fold towards pay-  Weftminficr, and to en-

ment of the debts of the faid John  able his guardian to make one or.

Eftofty and railing portions for his  more leaie or leafes for effeding

daughters.  the fame.

14.  An ad to enable JancRogers, the ai* An ad for lale of part of the eftato

widow and relid of Brian  Rogers, efq; for difeharge

late o{Falmouth, merchant, deceaf-  0 debts and incumbrances charged

. eri, and adminiftratrix of his goods thereupon, and chattels, with his .will annexed, as. An ad to enable Elizabeth Hovt-. and ptber truftees therein named, land the widow of John to fell lands for the payment of the afqt deceafed, to fettle lands upon ; debts and legacies of the faid Briantho marriage of his foie daughter and Rogers, m performance of his faid  heir, and for fettling lands upon tho ■

. will..  laid widow  for  her  life, in

15. An ad for ratifying and confirm-  lieu of dower; and for indemnifying, inga certain indenture of Icafe of Sir Jojiah and the faid widow

; Morton  Mcare,in the county of  Howland, grandfather and mother

Lancafter, made by tbeearl of Dor-of the faid heir, in difpafing of the by and others, to Thomas Fleetwood, perfonal eftate belonging to her,

,efgj  upon her preferment in marriage,1

16.  An ad to vqft certain lands and  Ihe being under the age of twenty

tenements in truftees, to be fold for one years.

the tatter, provifion of the daugh- 23. An ad for the veiling certain . .ters and coneirs of Jefeph Finch, efq;  lands and tenements, the eftate of

deceafed.  . George Gilbert Pierce of the Middle

17.  An ad to veil in truftees certain  Temple, Londen, eiq; in truftees, for

lands in Kent, and Sujftex, of John  the railing monies for the payment  >

Carlye,efq; for tire payment of of.his debts, debts, and raifing of portions for 24. An ad for making fait water younger children, and to fupply the frefti.

defeds of a conveyance intendedfor 25. An ad to enable truftees of Wil->

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

mortgage of part of his eftate, for the prefervation of the timber growing thereon.  '

26- An ad for* the better enabling the executors and truftees of Sir 7“bonus Hare, bart. lately deceafed, to raife • portions and maintenances for his younger children.

27.  An ad to enable Peter Gallop, gent, to fell a farm and certain lands called  Wantfley, and to veil the inhe-

ritance thereof in fce-fimple, in fudi perfon or perfons, who (hall be pur-

-  chafer or purchafers thereof trotn him, fubjed only to the payment of the fum of one thousand pounds -principal money, with the intereft

-  thereof, due and to grow due unto . the executory efbtte of Robert Mere-

field, gent, deceafed. as. An ad for felling the eftate of .  John Kirk, deceafed, for payment

of his debts.

29. An ad to enable Hannah Woollaf-■  tea, widow, and Jonathan her fon,

.an infant, to fell certain lands and ' tenements in Wamford, in the coun-tyof  Southampton,for payment of'

. , debts and legacies, according to the will of  Richard WooUafton, efq; de-

ceafed.

go. An ad for reverting the attainder of Jacob Leifler, aiuf others.

Amu 7

Gap. x. For remedying the ill date of die coin of the kingdom.

Cap. 2. For enlarging the times, to come in and purchafe certain annuities therein mentioned, and for continuing the duties formerly charged on low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, for carrying on the war again (I France.

Cap. 3. For regulating, of trials in cafes of treafon and mifprifiop of treafon.

Cap. 4. For preventing charge and expence in eledions of members to Serve in parliament.

Cap. 5. For-granting to his Majesty

•  an aid of four (hillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on the

•  war againtt France.

Anno 7 &8 W3.

Cap. 6.- For the more easy recovery of fmall tithes.

Cap. 7. To prevent falfe and double returns of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 8. For taking, examining, and rating the publick accounts.

Cap. 9. For repairing the highways

-  between the city of , and tne town of Harwich, in the county of EJfex.

Cap. 10. For continuing feveral duties granted by former ads upon wine and vinegar, and upon tobacco, and Eaft India goods and other merchandife imported, for carrying on the war againft France.

Cap. t r. For impowering his Maje--

. fty to apprehend and detain such perfons, as he (hall find caufe to fufped are confpiring againft his royal perfon and government.

Cap. 12. For relief of poor prifoners

-  for debt or damages.

Cap. 13. For taking off the obligation

-  and encouragement for coining guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. For making navigable the rivers of Wye, and Lngg, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 15. For the continuing, meeting, and fitting of a parliament, in cafe of the death or demife of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors.

Cap. t6. For railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thou-fand fix hundred and ninety fix, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 17. To continue four former a&s for preventing theft and rapine upoh the  Northern1 borders of Eng-

land.

Cap. 18. For granting to his Majesty

(eve-

A TABLE -of the STATUTES.

• feveraltlrtes and duites^ponhotofcs, far making good the' deficiency- of ■ the dipt money. -C*t>. 19. To encourage the bringing plate into the mint, to be coined j end far the farther 'remedying the itt hate of the coin of the king-

Cap. fco. For granting to his Majeftt «D additional doty Open all French

•  goods stnd Merchandize.

Cap.- at. For the increafe and encou-

•  rtfgemehtof ftamen.

Cap. 22. For preventing frauds, arid

-  regulating abufes hi the plantation

: trade.

Cap. 23. For continuing feveral former ads for punching officers and foMkrs who (hall mutiny or defert his Majesty’s feTvice, and for pu-nidling falfe Yrtufters, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.

Cap. 24. Requlrinfe die pradicers of ttfe law to take the baths, and fub-

-  foribe the declaritiori therein men-tidhed.

Cap. 2$. For the farther regulating elections of members tb ferve in parliament; and for preventing irregular proceedings of (heriffs, and

-  other officers, in the electing and returning filch members.

Cap. 26. For repairing the highways between tpymmdham and rougbtin the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 27. For the better fccurity of his Majesty’s royal perfon and government.

(fillers, and other perfons chargeable with the duties of excife.

-Cap. 31. For continuing to his Mi-jefty certain duties upon (alt, glafs wares, done and earthen wares, and for granting feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen

•  wares, for carrying on the war a-gainft France, and for eftabliftring a national land-bank, and for taking off the duties upon tonnage df (hips, and upon coals.

Cap. 321 For die eafe of jurors, and

•  better regulating of juries.

Cap. 33. For the better encourage^ ment of the Greenland trade.

Cap. 34. That the foletnn affirmation and declaration of the people called qualm, (hall be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form.

Cap. 35. For the enforcing the Jaws which reftrain marriages without*

•  licence or banns; and for the better regfftring marriages, births, and burials.

Cap. 36. For continuing feveral aCfy of parliament therein mentioned;'

Cap. 37. For the encouragement of charitable gifts and diipofitions.

Cap. 38. To take away the cuftom of Wales, which hinders perfons from difpofing their perfonal eftates by their wills.

Cap. 39. For encouraging the linen manufacture of I> and bringing (lax and hemp into, and the making of fail-cloth in this kingdom.

Cap. 28. For the more effectually pre-' •  Private

venting the exportation of wool, and for the encouraging the impor- *  "mu

• tation thereof from Ireland.  a.  An aCt for enabling the lady Katha-

Cap. 29. Tor the better amending and  rine Fane to fell the reverfion of cer-

repairing the highways, ana ex-  tain fee-form rents given her by her

planation of the laws relating there-  grandfather  efq;

unto.  2.  An aCt for enabling Sir

Cap. 30. For laying feveral duties up- :  bart. to fell certain meffuages,

on low wines, or Spirits of the first • lands, and hereditaments in Huby, extraction, arid for preventing the and  ,  in the county of

fyauds apd gbufof of brewers, di- York, and for fettling other lands

t>  and

A TABLED the ST A TUT;E5.

. and hereditaments of greater value in lieu thereof.

3.  An ad to enable Sir

Blount, bart, to make a fettlement upon the marriage of his etfeft fop,  :

4.  An ad for veiling the manpr. of

Madoley, in the county  in

truftees, for certain purpoies therein mentioned.

5.  An ad for enabling Thomas , efq; fon and heir of John efq;

; deceafed, to make a jointure and fct-tlement of his eftate in marriage,

. notwith/landing hi$ minority.

-6. An ad for veiling feveral meflpa-

?:s and lands belonging to Samuel awell,efq; in truftees, for payment of his debts.

Jnno 7 IS3 W, 3.

• 7; An ad to enable Anthony earl of Kent, and Henry his fon and heir apparent, to make a jointure for Jemima, wife of the (aid Afot/y Grey.

S. An ad to enable the lord Francis ■  Pawlet, to charge his eftate with

provifions for bi> younger children. 9. An ad for veiling the eftate late of Sir  jyiefiobts Stoughton, and Sir

. rence Stoughton, baronets, defeated, in truftees, to be fold for the payment of their debts, and railing portions for the daughters pf the laid Sir  Nicholas Stoughton.

to. An ad to enable  Haynes,

efq; to fettle a jointure on l)is ivpw wife, and to exchange lands with the truftees of Thomas , efq; deceafed.

11. An ad for enabling truftees to fell part of the eftate of Edmund Warner, deceafed, for payment of his debts, and for preferving the reft for the benefit pf bis heir.

12. An ad to enable John Aunger, an infant, apd his mother, to make a leafe of his eftate for the improvement thereof.

An ad tp enable trqftfe? to fell

■part of the manor of Baribamftied, and pay off the incumbranomtekarg-ed on the fame, .and .to lay; out the overplus in an eftate to he fotdedras the laid manor is now veftedi •

14,  An ad for naturalizing Henry de

.  Nafau,and other children of «»-

ryaeNaffau  ,  ftgnitr  du  Auv

15.  An ad to enable John Fbuines, efq;

tp fell, certain lands in the county of  Devon, which were fettled oahis

. marriage, and to fettle other lands of an equal value to the fame ufcs. j6. An ad to enable truftees to. ex-. change lands of Sir James Chamberlain, Dart, an infant, lying in the . common hill or field of  in

the county of Oxford, for the • like quantities oflapds‘there, in Order . to the making aryindofare. jy. An ad to enable the parilh of St.

James, within the liberty pf the city of  Wejlminjler, to raife upon thetn-

• (elves fo much money as will, dif-pharge their debt for building their parilh chqrfh# redoes houle, witty, and other publick works there.

18,  An a<5t to afoetyain end fettle the payment of the impropriate tithes of the parilh of Sy LawrenOld

Jury, in London, to the matter and fcholars of Bttliol. College in Oxford, and for confirming an award made concerning the. lame.

19.  An ad for naturalizing James

Stanhope, efq; and others, go. An ad for naturalizing Solomon Eymf, apd others,

21.  An ad to confirm and eftablilh . an exchange made between Thomas

Bidet, efq; and Cbrijlopber Clithe-row, efq; of certain mefluages in London, for the manors of mfmgton ■ and other lands ip Kent, of the like-value,

22.  An ad to enable truftees to fill up leafes of the refpedive eftates of Bluet Wallop, e/q-, and Wallop, gent, during their minorities, and to purchafe other lands by the fines thereby tp b? rfeepred, to the fame

ufes

A

A TABLE.oFihe

' ufcs astheeftstesfb.to be leafedare already fettled.  >*.  i  >

33. An ad for.cqablfcg truftees to. fell the manor, of Pefptole,in the ce*n-

. ty  of Durham?, part of the eftate of

William Milford, an infant .-.for payment of debts and incumbrances charged thereon; and for preferving the reft of the laid infant's eftate.

24.  An a& for impowering the moft

noble Amu duchefe of Butkcleugh, and the right honourable James earl of  Dalkeith, her fon, of the king*

dom of  Seotland, to grant 1 cafes for

Improving a piece of ground in the parilh of St. Martin in the Fields, in the county of Afiddlefex.

25.  An ad to enable truftces to raife money for the making a wet dock, and improving the eftate of the marquife and marchionefs of Ta-

viftock, at Rotbcrhithc, in the coun-ty of Surrey.

26.  An ad to naturalize William, commonly called vifeount Tunbridge, and other children of the earl of Reebfiri.

37- An ad for the better impfoyp-ment of a houfe and ground in Great 3'ueen-Jbreet

28.  An ad to enable truftees to fell a meffiiage, garden, and out-houfe, in Lincolns-Inn-Fields, late Sir Robert Sawyer’s, knt. deceafed, and for purchafing other lands and tenements to be fettled to the feme ufes.

29.  An ad for fettling divers lands

and rent-charges, on the redor of the church of  Maydwin the coun-

ty of Northampton, and his fucccf-fors; and in lieu thereof for fettling other lands, and difcharging tithes belonging to the feid church, according, to feveral agreements between the patron and the feid redor, -made upon the indoiing of lands in

MaydweH.,and afterwards with con-fent of the ordinary, confirmed by feveral decrees in the coyrt pf chanty

STATUTES..

30.  An ad for fettling the petfonajl

, eftate of  Ricbardt Jones, eft);  and

MaryGufford, fpinfter, mjnt>tt,\ in truftees, for the' purposea. therein mentioned.

31.  An ad for the. better, fiippjyiag the city of Brifttl, with frefh water.

32.  An ad for eroding of hofpitals and workhoufes within the city of

Brifiol, for the better employing ana maintaining the poor thereof.

33.  An ad for nuking good the laft will of Sir William Barkbam, baronet, deceafed, and veiling of lands in truftees, to be Ibid for payment of his debts, and making provifion for his children.

34.  An ad to enable Sir Charles Heron, bart. to fell lands for payment

' of a portion and debts.

35.  An ad to enable Sir Thomas ftaff, knt. to raife and fecure a portion for Frances his only daughter and heir apparent.

36.  An ad for veiling the moiety of

the manor of Sbipton Mallet in the county of  ’Somerfet,and divided

moiety of the manor of Wells in the feid county, in truftees, to be fold for payment of a mortgage charged thereon, and for making a provifion for the maintenance of Mary the wife of William , efq; and her children.

37.  An ad for making the towns of

Stretton, and Prine, a fepa-rate parilh from  in  the

county of Warwick.

38.  An ad for veiling part of the

eftate of JoJeph  ,  efijj  in

truftees, for payment of debts, and for a provifion for the maintenance and marriage of his daughters.

39.  An ad for fele of lands in Hor-

ftngton in the county of  ,

part of the eftate of William

sn infant, for payment of incumbrances charged thereon, and for preferving the refidue of the eftate for the infent,»

40.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

*0. An  at  (of

of Tbrnas Bigg ««* bl* >“ Gbifitt,in the county of Kent, in tranees,4br payment of debts, rind making provifion for their children.

41.  An a<a for revetting m his Mi-

jefiv the hortour of Tittbmy, foreft of Ntedwocd, fevers) manors, parks, llhds, and offices, and other profits thereunto belonging, ana for vacating certain letten patent therein mentioned.

End of the TABLE

%

\

THE

STATUTES at Large, &t.

SESSIO PRIM A.

Anno Regni GuLIELMI & MARINE primo.

Statutes Made in the parliament begun at Weft-minfter the thirteenth day of February, in the frfi year of their* Majefties reign.

CAP. I.

An aft for removing and preventing all queftions and difi putes concerning the ajfembling and fitting of this prefcnt parliament.

FOR preventing all doubts and fcruples which may in any wife arife concerning the meeting, fitting, and proceeding of this prefent parliament; be it declared and enadted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, now afiembled, and by authority of the fame :

IL That the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, convened at Wefiminfter, the two and twentieth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty-eight, and there fitting on the thirteenth day of February following, are the two houles of parliament, and fo ihall be, and are hereby declared, enadted, and adjudged to be, to all intents, con-ftrudtions, and purposes whatfoever, notwithftanding any want of writ or writs of fummons, or any other defcdt of form or default whatfoever, as if they had been fummoned according to the ufual form: and that this prefent adt, and all other adts, to which the royal affent (hall at any time be given before the next prorogation after the faid thirteenth of February, fhall be understood, taken, and adjudged in law, to begin and commence upon the faid thirteenth of February, on which day their faid Majefties, at the requeft, and by the advice of the lords and commons, did accept the crown and royal dignity of King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the adt made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual preferring the King's per fin and government, by difabling of papifis from fitting in either houfe of parliament, and all other adts of parliament, as to Vol. IX.  B  fo

The eonven* tion declared a parliament.

The old oaths of allegiance, &c. not to be taken by members, %o Car* a. flat. a. c, I,

New oaths fubftituted m the place of the old.

The oaths.

Allegiance.

Supremacy.

Anno prhno GuliSlmi & Marl®, c,il [1688.

fo much of the faid aft or afts only as concerns the taking the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, or either of them, in the faid aft or afts refpeftively mentioned, by any member or metnbers of either houfe of parliament. With relation to their fitting and. voting in parliament, (hall be, and are hereby re-pealed to all intents and purposes ; any thing in the faid recited aft or afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  And be it further enafted. That the taking the oaths herein after mentioned, and the making, fubfcribing, and repeating the declaration in the faid aft of the thirtieth year 6f King Charles the Second mentioned, by every member ot either houfe of this prefent parliament, from and after the first day of March next enfuing, in such manner as the taking the faid oaths of allegiance and Uiprferhacy, and the making, tabfciibihg, and repeating the faid declaration in the faid Iaft mentioned'aft are required,' (hall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the faid oaths of allegiance and fupremacy had been taken, and the faid .declaration had been thade, fubfcribed, and repeated in such manner, and at such time, as by the faid qft or afts, pr any of them, they are required. And tnat, in ail future parliaments, the oaths herein after mentioned, and the declaration in the faid aft, made in the thirtieth year of Kiftg Charles the Second mentioned, fhall be taken, made, fubfcribed, and repeated by every member of either houfe of parliament, within the time, and in the fame manner and form, and under the penalties and difabilities, as the faid oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and the faid declaration, by the laid aft of the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second are limited* ordained, and ap* pointed to be taken, made, fubfcribed, and repeated* and not at any other time, or in any other manner, to enable them to fit and vote in parliament 5 any thing in the faid aft or afts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And it is hereby further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the oaths above appointed by this aft, to be taken in the ftead and place of the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, (hall be in the words following, and no other.

VI. T A. B. do fncerefy promife and fuatar, That /1trill he faith* JL fid* and bear true allegiance to their majejlies King William

and Quern Mary *

So help irie God.

VII.  T A. B. do fwear, That Ido front my heart abhor, deleft, and X abjure, as impious and heretical, that damnable doftrine and

pofition, That princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofed or murdered by their fubjefts, or any dther whatfoever. And 1 do declare, That no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, fate, or potentate hath, or ought to have, any power, jurifdiftion faperiority, pre-eminence, or authority? ecckfmjlical or fpiritual\ nothin this realm :

So help me God.

• VIII. fro-

3

i68$.] AnfioprimoGOx.iBi.Ml & Maujb. c.z—6.  j

VDI. Provided always, and be it declared. That this prefent Parliament parliament may be diflolved after the ufual manner, as if the  m

tune had been fummoncd and called by writ.  formerly.

CAR n.

Ana4k fopimpowsringhb Majtfty to apprehend and detain such per-fon* mm he fadi find joft cauiit to fidpeft ue coofpiring agsinft the. go*

▼eminent. EXP.

CAP. III.

Aaa& for the granting a prefent aid to thtir Majefties. EXP. ...

CAP. IV.

An aft fat reviving of aftions and pro cefs lately depending in the courts at Weftminfter, and difeontinued by the not holding of Hilary term, and for Supplying other defeats relating to proceedings at law.

WHEREAS the term of St. Hilary, in the year of out Lord EX?.

one thousandfix hundred eighty eight, could not be holden and kept, for which, if due provijion be not made, great delay of juftice, and confequently great expends to the fuitors in the feveral courts ufuaOy held at Weftminfter will enfue: therefore for the continuing and reviving all manner of a fit ons or pleas lately depending, and all Proclamation manner of procefs that were returnable or depending in any of the upon fines faid courts, and which were difeontinued and put without day by the foall be ac-not holding the faid term. See.  ju^mems by

confeffion to be entred in Eafter term. All offences and aftfont, during the Interregnum fuable. The year of our Lord to be inferted in (lead of the King's reign. Indi&ments, dec. contra pactm Regni. Bonds, &c. made to King James, in force. All procefs, &c. of Michaelmas term, good. Bail bonds taken by a judge before the nth of December, and commitments upon them, good. The time betwixt the 10th of December and 12 th of March not reckoned in Quart lmpedit or ftatute of limitations.

CAP. V.

An aft for punching officers and foldicrs who ihall mutiny or defert their £XP.

Majesties fervkc, to condnne tiU November, 16S9, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An aft far iftoblijbingtbe coronation oath.

•fXTHEREAS by the law and ancient ufage of this realm, thi VV Kings and Queens thereof have taken a folemn oath upon the evangeltfh at their refpefiive coronations, to maintain the Statutes, laws, andcujloms of the faid realm, and ail the people and inhabitants thereof, in their Spiritual and civil rights and properties: but foraf-much as the oath itfelf on such occafion adminijlred, hath heretofore been framed in doubtful words and exprejjions, with relation to ancient laws and conflitutions at this time unknown : to the end therefore that one uniform oath may be in all times to come taken by the Kings and Queens of this realm, and to them refpe&ively ad-miniftred at the times of their and every of their coronation : may it pleafe your Majefties that it may be ena&ed:

II.  And be it ena&ed by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent majefties, by and with the advice and coofent of the

B 2  lords

4

An oath to be taken by the King and Queen.

Coronation

oath.

Anno primo GulielmI & Marine, c

lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prtfent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the oath herein mentioned, and hereafter exprefled, fhall and may be adminiftred to their moft excellent majefties King William ana Queen Mary (whom God long preferve) at the time of their coronation, in the prefence ofall perfons that (hall be then and there prefent1 at the folemnizing thereof, by the ardbbifhop of Canterbury, or the archbifhop of York, or either of them, or jmy other bimop of this realm, whoni the King's majefty (hall thereunto appoint,, and who (hall be hereby thereunto refpec-tively authorized f which oath followeth, and (hall be adminiftred in this manner; that is to (ay.

The archbilhoporbilhop (hall fay,

ID. Will you  folemnly  prtmtife and to govern the people of

this kingdom of England, and the dominions thereto  ,  at-

eording to theflatutes in parliament agreed on, and the toms of the fame t

The King and Queen (hall fay,

I folemnly pnmfe fo to da,

Archbilhop or bilhop.

Will you to your power caufe law and jufice in mercy to be executed in all your judgements  ?

King and Queen.

I will.

Archbi(hop or bithop.

Will you to. the utmoft of your power maintain the laws of God, the true profeffm of the  gofpel and the protefiant reformed religion ef-

tablijhed by law ? and will you preferve unto the and clergy of this  realm, and to the churches committed to their 'charge, all fucb

rights and privileges as by law do or /ball appertain unto them, or any of them?

King and Queen.

•  AH this I pronufe to do.

After this, the King and Queen laying his and her hand up* on the holy gofpels, (hall fay,

King and Queen.

The things which I have here before promt fed, I will perform and keep:

So help me God. Then the King and Qyeen (hall kifs the book.

IV. And

i 688*3 Anno primo Guliexmi & Marije. 0.7,8.  5

IV. And be it further enafted, That the faid oath (hall be All Kings,&c. in like manner adminiftred to every King or Queen, who t^ke “e (hall fucceed to the imperial crown of this realm, at their re** 0  *

fpeftive coronations, by one of the archbilhops or bilhops of this realm of England, tor the time being, to be thereunto ap-pointed by such King or Queen refpeftively, and in the pre-. fence of all perlbns that '(hall be attending, affifting, or other-wife prefent at such their refpeftive coronations j any law, fta-tute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VII.

An aft for impowering his Majeftv to apprehend and detain such per(ons as he (hall had juft caufe to fuipeft are conlpiriag againft the govern* ment. EXP.

cap. viil

An ail for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and aU. legiance, and appointing other oaths.

WHEREAS by a Jiatute made in the first year of the reign of 1 Eliz. c. 1.

our late fovefetgn lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled^ An aft to reftore to the crown the ancient juriCdiftion over the eftate ec-elefiaftical and fpiritual, and abolilhing all foreign powers repugnant to the fame, the perfons therein mentioned were obliged to take an oath therein mentioned, commonly called the Oath of Supremacy : and whereas by another Jiatute made in the third year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King James the firft, intituled, An 3 Jac. 1. c.4; aft for the better difeovering and reprefling popifti recufants, another oatby commonly called the Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, was required to be taken by the perfons therein mentioned:

II. Be it enafted by the lung’s and Queen’s mod excellent The old oaths majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- of allegiance ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parlia- and «?Pre® J" ment aflemblea, and by the authority of the fame. That from ** a“rogatc * henceforth no perfon whatfoever (hall be obliged to take the faid oaths, or either of thetn, by force or virtue of the faid fta-tutes, or either of them, or any other ftatute whatfoever, but that the faid ftatutes, and every other ftatute, for fo much only as concerns the faid oaths, and the faid oaths themfelves, (hall be and are hereby repealed, utterly abrogated, and made void.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The new That the oaths appointed by this prefent aft to be taken, and oaths and dt* the declaration likewife appointed by this prefent aft to be made, ^om^and^ repeated, and fubferibed, (hall, from and after the first day of h^wTo be JMay, in the year one thousand fix hundred eighty-nine, be ta- taken, ken, made, repeated, and fubferibed by every such perfon and perfons as were appointed and required by any aft or afts whatfoever, to take the faid abrogated oath6 of fupremacy and allegiance, or either of them, before such perfon or perfons, as hereafter in this aft is exprefled; that is to fay, all and every archbifhop and bi(hop that now is, and all and every perfon, of or above the degree of a baron of parliament, in their Majefties high court of, chancery, or in their Majefties court of king’s bench, in publick and open court, between the hours of nine o. the

B 3  clock

Before whom the new oaths

fubicribed.

6  Anno  prime  GpUEtMl & Mawa. c.8.  [1688*

dock and twelve m the forenoon, before the end of Trinity term next, or at the general quarter feflions to be holden for that county or place where he or'they (hall be, inhabit, or re-fide, in open court, between the faid hours of nine and twelve of the dock in the forenoon, before the first day of Augufi next j all which (hall be put on record in the refpeftive courts,

IV.  And all and every other such perfon and porfonjs (hall are to be ta-* ta^c faid oaths, ana make, repeat, and fubferibe the faid den, and de- declaration by this prefent a ft required to be taken, made, and clarationtobe fubferibed, before such perfon or perfons refpeftively, as by any ro?fe *nd a& or afts were authorized or impowered to tender the faid oath of allegiance now abrogated and made void; which faid perfon or perfons fo refpeftively authorized to minifter or tender the faid oaths and declaration, are hereby required to mi-nifter and tender the fame accordingly.

All perfons V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, which (haH be That all perfons (other than such concerning whom other pro-vifion (hall be made in this aft, or in any other aA of this prefent felfion of parliament) that (hall hereafter be admitted into any office or employment ecclefiaftical or civil, or come into any capacity, in refpeft or by reafon whereof they (hould have been obliged by any ftatute to take the faid abrogated oaths, or either of them, (hall take the oaths hereby appointed, in such manner, at such times, before such perJons, and in such courts and places, as they (hauid or ought to have taken the faid former oaths, or either of them, in cafe the/fame had not been abrogated, as aforefaid. And that every such perfon, who (hall neg-Jeft or refufe to take the fame, (hall incur and be liable to the fame penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, and incapacities as by any such ftatute was appointed, for or upon negleft, or refufa} to take the faid former oaths hereby abrogated, or cither of them.

VI. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon now having any office or employment, civil or military, (hall negleft or refufe to take the faid oaths hereby appointed to be taken, in such manner as by this aft is direfted, before the first day of Avgufl%

in office (hall take the oaths, &c.

The Penalty for negleft.

Perfons now in office neg-lefting, the office to bp void.

in the year one thousand fix hundred eighty-nine, or (ooner if required thereunto by any order from his Majesty in council, before such perfons as by the faid order (hall be appointed to take and receive the fame, that in every such cafe the faid office •and employment of every perfon fo neglefting or refilling, (hall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any archbifhop or bithop, or any other perfon now

______  having  any  ecclefiaftical  dignity,  benefice,  or  promotion, (hall

fogVto^briuf- negleft: or refufe to take the oaths by this aft appointed to pended, &c. be taken, in such manner as by this aft is direfted, before the first day of Augufi, in the year one thousand fix hundred eightyr nine, every such perfon and perfons fo neglefting or refilling, (hall be, and is, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, fufpended from the execution of his or their office by the fpace of fix months, tq be accounted froix* the faid first day of Augufi4

and

Ecclefiaftical perfons now in benefice, &c. negleft-

7

Aiujo prime Quli^mi & Marue. c.S•

aod jflhe (aid perfon pr perfons (fo having negleftedor refufcd)

(hall not within the faid fpace of fix months take the faid oath? in such manner, court, or place, a? they ought to have taken the fame? before the faid nrft day of JuguJI \ then he or they ihall be i]>fb faflo deprived, and is, and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his and their offices, benefices, dignities, anjl promotions ecclefiaftipaL

Vllt And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per- Perfont who ions now being  governor,  head,  or  fellow  of  any  col-  are now ma-

Jege or hall, in either ofthe two univerlities, or of any other {lcr8 jco&ege, or matter of any fiofpital or fchool, or profeffor of dj-viiuty, law, jpbyfick, or other fcience in either of the fa# how punuhedw univerfities, of ip the chy of London, Ihall negleft: or refufe tp take the oaths by this aft appointed to be taken, in such manner, and before such perfons as by this aft is direfted, before the first day of Juguft, in the year one thousand fix hundred .eighty nine $ every luch perfon and perfons fo neglefting or refuting, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be, futponded Yrom the execution of his or their office an# employment, and from his or their mafterftiip, government, fellowmip, and profefforlbip refpeftively, for the fpace of fix months, to be accounted from the (aid nrft day of JuguJI: An# if the faid perfon or perfons (fo having neglefted or refufed)

(hall not within the laid fpace of fix months take the faid oaths in such court or place, and before such perfons, and in such manner, as they ought to have taken the fame before the (ala first day of JuguJI, that in every such cafe the faid office and employment, mafterihip, government, fellowfhip, and profeflbr-fhip of every perfon fo neglefting or refufing, mall be void, and is hereby adjudged void,

IX.  And be it further enafted. That if any such other per- Perfons refii-Ibn or perfons (other than the perfons fpecially above-mention- fingtotakethe ed) (hall refufc to take the faid oaths, or either of thern, when uP^n. tendred to him or them by any persons lawfully authorized, fs c0nuxJtted. is aforesaid, to adminifter or tender the lame; the perfon or per-fons fo tendring the faid .oaths, or either of them, (hall commit the faid perfon and perfons fo refufing tp the common gaol gr houfe of correftion, there to remain without bail or mainprise for .the (pace gf three months, uolefsfuch offender (hall pay .down to the find perfon or perfons fo tendring the faid oaths, or either of them, such fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings, as the faid oerfon or perfons fo tendring the faid oathis, or either of them? (hall require such offender to pay for his or hex faid refufal; which money (hall be paid to the church war- Second refn-dens or overfeers of the poor, for the relief of the poor of the fa), parifh or place where such offender did laft inhabit: And if at the end of three months after such refufal, the perfon and perfons fo refufing (hall again refufe to take the faid oaths, or either of them, when lawfully tendered to him or them, as is afore-fai J ; the faid perfon or perfons fo tendring the (aid oaths, or either of them, (hall commit the faid perfon and perfons fo re-

B 4  fufing

t  Anno  prfmo Gulielmi & Marijb. c. $.  [1688,

fofing to the common goal or houie of correfifion, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, unlefs every such offender Ihall pay down to the perfon or perfons fo tendring the faid oaths, or either of them, such ftsm of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor under five pounds, as the faid perfon or perfons fo tendring the faid oaths, or either of them, Ihall require such offender to pay for his or her faid fecond refufal; the (aid money to be difpofed in manner aforefaid ; and unlefs every such offender (hall become bound with two fuflicient fureties, with condition to be of the good behaviour, and alfo to appear at the next affixes or general gaol-delivery to be holdfen for the county, liberty, or plape where such offender fhall then inhabit or refide; at which affixes or gaoWelivery the faid oaths fhall be again tendred to every fuph offended by the juftjces of affixes Third refufal. or gaol-delivery, in their open affixes or gaol-delivery ; and if fufin^ecla^"  lender  fhall refufe to take the faid oaths^ or either of

ration. them, when tendred to him or her by the faid juftices of affizes 30Car. *. flat, or gaol-delivery, as is aforesaid, then every jpeffon and perfons c. 1. fo refilling, fhall be and is and are hereby adjudged incapable of any office, civil or military, within this kingdom, and fhall likewife be and remain bound to the good behaviour, until he or they do take the faid oaths. And in cafe such perfon or perfons fhall refufe alfo to make andfubfcribethe declaration mentioned in the ftatute made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aff for the more effectual prejerving the Kings perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, such perfon and perfons ' fhall fuffer all pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities as a popifh recufant convict, and be taken and deemed a popifh re-culant conyift, to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

*n3f*» X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Th^t tak^the^thia^ an<* every commiffion-officer and officers, and non-commif-snd declare, fion or warrant-officer an<J officers, that are already imployed in tion.  their Majefties fervice by fea or land, fhall take tne fajd oaths,

and alfo make, repeat, and fubferibe the dedaratiop mentioned in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,  the lord high admiral of England*

or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, #or their deputies, pr such other perfons as their Majorities fhall authorize or appoint to adminjfter^qd accept the fame re-fpedivejy ; and that all and every such peffon and perfons as fhall hereafter be put into any such imployment by fea or land, (hall, before the delivery of such commiffion or warrant to such officer, take the faid oaths, and make, repeat, and fubferibe the faid declaration before the lord high admiral, or commif-fioners of the admiralty, or their deputies, as aforesaid, or such perfon as (hall ifliie such commiffion or warrant, or such others as (hall be authorized to adminifter the fame as aforefaid re-fpeftively, who are hereby refpe&ively authorized and required penalty, to tender, adminifter, ana accept the fame; and all and every r such officer or officers? that (hall refufe to t^ke the f^ud oaths.

•anri

9

1688.]  Anno prime GwtiF.LMi & Marls. c.8.

«nd make and fubfenbe the faid declaration, (hail be incapable of receiving, taking, holding, or executing such office or im-ploymCnt  .

XI.  And be it further enafted, That die oath appointed by The oath and the ftatute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean of King declaration Chirks the Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the fmtt in the appointed by fevered counties ef ’thisJtingtkm, the form and words of which oath are in the fame ftatute exprefled ; and alfo fo much of a c. *4, made declaration prefcribed in another aft made in the fame year, in- void. • titulcd. An oft  for the mifomity ef pubiiik prayers, and adwisn-

firatim of the  ficraments, and ether rites  and ceremonies: and ftr

ejiailifinngtbe form ef  making,ordaining, and confecroting bi/bops,

priefts, and deacons, in the church of England, as is expreffed in thefe words, (viz.)

I A. B.  declare,, That it is net lawful upon any pretence what/oeyer

to take arms againji the King; and that do abhor that traitorous pofstion of taking arms by his authority againfi his or gainft those that are  comtmffumtd by him:

fhall not from henceforth be required or enjoined, nor any perfon differ any forfeiture, penalty, or lofs, by the not taking,, fubferibing, or making the faid oath, or the laid recited part 6f die (aid declaration j tne laft fore-mentioned ftatutes, or any pther law qr ftatute to die contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing.

XII.  And be it enafted, That the oaths that are intended oaths by this and required tp be taken by this ad, are the oaths in fhefe exr aft* prefs words hereafter following}

I A, B. do Jincerely promifeand  fwear, That I will be faithful,

ana bear true allegiontt, ta their mjefties King William and l^ueen M*ry;

So help me God, &c.

I A. B. do fwear. That I do from my heart abhor, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that damnable do ftrbte andpofition That princes excomjnunicafed or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofea or murdered by their fubjefts, or any other whatsoever.

And I do declare. That no foreign prince, perfon, or potentate, hath or ought to have any jpower, ority, pre-eminence, or authority, ecclejiafticaJ or  ,within

this realm:

So help me God, &c.

XIII.  And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Names of par-That the names of all and lingular such. perfons ana officers a- [heoaths to forefaid, that do or (hall, in the court of chancery, King’s be inrolled, bench, or quarter feffions, take the oaths by this aft required or appointed to be taken, (hall be' in the (aid refpeftive courts of ph an eery and King’s bench, and the quarter feffions, inrolled >vijh the day toad time of their taking the Came, in rolls made

and

to  Anno  priroo  Gujf4W-tyj  &  Marije,  c,8.  {-*688.

and kept only for that intent and putpofe, and for no other. The which rolls, as for the court of chancery, (hall be pubr lickly hung up in the office of the petty-bag; and the rolls for the King’s bench, in the crown office of the laid court; and in fometpublick place in every quarter leffions, and there remain, during the whole term, every term, and during the whole time of the faid leffions, in every quarter leffions, lor every one to t» be viewed fefort to, end look upon without fee or reward. And none qf without fee. the pwfon or perfoos aforefaid (hull give or pay, as any fee or .reward to any officer or officers belonging to anv of the .courts Twelve pence flg aforefa14, above the Ann of twelve pence for his or their en-for the oath. ^ 0f pr t^r ^ag of t^e laid oaths by this esquired pr appointed to he taken,

Provifion for XIV. And whereas face the eleventh day of December, in the rarporadont 7Mr °ftur Lord, one thousand fix hundred eighty eight, the Jaid whocould not rogated oaths could not be taken by any perfon that was take the abro- in any office of magiftracy, or place of trujl relating to or concerning sated oath*  the government of/my city,corporation, borough, cinque-port, or their

ber1aft?CCm"  members,or other port-town, at the time of his being admitted and

13 Car.». tat.fivom into such office, place, or employment, by roafon whereof hit s.e. x. foid /legion, placing, and choice into such office or employment, by one off, intituled. An act for the wdl governing of corporations, is enabled and declared to he void-, be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any such officer fhall, before tl\e first day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one thousand Ax 'hundred eighty nine, take the oaths herein mentioned and required to be taken, before such perfon or perfbns, who by the laid a& (hould have adminiftred the laid .abrogated paths, at the time of his admiffion into such office or employment, the faid cicAion and placing into such office or employment fhall be -token and adiudgosTto be -as good and^ffeAual, as if tie had taken the faid abrogated oaths; any thing in the .faid aA, or in ■*ny other-ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. Provifion for XV. And whereas face the faft of  divers

officers who  ferfeus have beta admitted into offices, employments., of  ,

could not take end could not take the fad abrogated  , .and

tbe abrogated  .fan at fetch time, twain fueb manner, at  by

Michaelmas ont a£i ma^e *** fo*  an*  twen of the late King Cfal\q».the Silent.  cond, intituled. An aft for preventing , of dangers that may hap-

*5 Car,*, t. *, pea from popifb xecuCrots; be it .therefore ‘eaa&ed ,by the authority aforefaid. That A anv such peifou fhall, before the end of Trinity term next, in the high courts of chancery or King's bench, or before the first of ,in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, at the quarter feifions •for that county or (dace where he or ithey fhall inhabit .or retide, or execute the hud office or .employment, take the oaths in this «A mentioned and appointed to be taken, and repeat and fub-•feribe-the faid declarafion^and take thefacrament of the Lord’s •fupper according to die uiage .of the .church of England, and procure certificate thereof, in such manner as in the faid aA is required, direAed, and .appointed, that then such perfon .(hall

i68&.] Anno prime GtJLlELMf &  c.g.  rr

and is hereby indemnified and dtfeharged from any penalty or difability that he might or fhould have incurred by the faid ad, and (hall and is hereby adjudged to have been and be as good and fufficient an officer from the rime of his admUfion, as if he had taken the faid abrogated oaths, and performed all other things required by the faid aft ; any thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftancling.

XVI. Provided always, and he it enafted by the authority Kiag mxj «U aforesaid, That it be left to the King, to allow to such of the low to i» of clergy as fhall refufe the oaths preferred by this aft, as hefliall think fit, not exceeding the number of twehre, an allowance out of their ecdcfiaftica! benefices or promotions for their fub-fiftence, not exceeding a third part, and to continue during his Majesty's pleafure, and no longer.

CAP. IX.

An aft for the amoving papifts, **d reputed papifts, from the cities of London ana Weflminfter, and ten miles diftsnet from the fame.

XXTHEEEAS the great numbers of papijh rtfrrtmg to the cities v V of London and Wefiminfter are and far a long time haw been found dangerous to the peace and faftty of this kingdom: For the better prefervation of the common Safety, and avoiding their mifchievous praftices and defigns :

II.  Be it enafted by the King's and Queen's moft excellent majefties, by and with the advice and codent of the lords (pi- der decora”* ritual and temporal, *nd commons, in this piefent parliament tion of 30 Car. aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for the bet- t0 papidsor ter difeovering and amoving all psroHts and reputed papifts outfo ^Putcd* of the (aid cities, and ten miles of the fame, it ihail and may be lawful, and it is hereby required, that the lord mayor of London for the rime being, and every juftice of the peace cf the city of London, and for the city and liberties of JVeftmnfter, and borough of Southwark, and of the counties of Midalefex,

Surrey, Kent, and Suffix*, within their refpeftive counties, dries, • Sufiex mjf-boroughs, and limits, do from time to time caufeto be arrefted takmfrE&x, and brought before him every .perfon or perlbns, not being a c* **• merchant foreigner, within the faid cities, or Within ten miles pf the fame, as are or are reputed to be papifts, and tender onto him the declaration mentioned in the ftatute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for 30 Car 1. (tat. the more effectual preserving the Rings perfon and government, by *• c. 1. difMng papifts from fitting in either houfe ifparliament; And in ^ jeafe such perfon, uponfoch tender, rehife audibly and folemn-ly to repeat, make, and fubferibe the faid declaration, and (hall gfter such refufal remain, continue, or be within the faid city or cities, or ten miles diltance from the fame, that in every such cafe he or (he (hall forfeit and fuffer, as a popilh recufant fonvift J>y ttye {aws already eftabliflied (hall or may forfeit or fiif&Tf

III And

i* Amid primo Gulielmi & Marine* c icr.  £ 1 €6 8;

Jufticet of . III. And it is hereby further enacted* That every juftice of I^^Jkallcer- peace (hall and do certify all and eyeiy fubfcription before him ancl refufer* ” by y*rtuc °f  taken,  and  li^ewife  the.  names  of  all  and

into the King'* every perfon refufing to repeat, take, make, or fubferibe, as bench, &c. afordaid, upon tender, under the. hand and feal of the faid Pwalty upon juftice, into the court of King’s bench, the next term, or elfe SSitohavere-at ncxt quarter feffions that (hall be of or for the county or fhfed, if be * place where such taking, fubferibiog, or refufal (hall happen: And if the faid perfon, fo refufing and certified, (hall not, with* in the next term or feffions after such refufal, appear in the court of King’s bench or, feffions where such certificate (hall be returned, and in open court audibly and folemnly repeat, take, make, and fubferibe the declaration aforeiaid, and indorfe or enter his fo doing upon the certificate fo returned, (hall be, from the time of such his negloft or refufal, taken, efteemed, and adjudged a popiih recufant convift, and as such to .forfeit apd-fie proceeded agaipft. .

IV. Provided always, That this zA (hall not extend to foch

take not the oaths next tens, &c.

Tradefmen,

P®**1 ®r P^1®* “'n?r  °?dre’ «nyftej7,OT manual

their names, occupation within the laid liberties of London and <tc. at tbs fef- or "within tea miles of the fame; nor to fuCh as within fix few**  months before the thirteenth da of February, onethousand fix

hundred eighty eight, hsid their dwellings or places of abode within the laid cities, or ten miles compafs or the fame, not having any dwelling or place of abode.elfewhere, fo as he or they before the’ fil'd day of Auguji, one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, do certify his or their names, additions, and places of abode, at the feffions of the peace to be held for the laid refpedtive cities, counties, or places And the clerk of the peace (hall not take or receive above two pence for the entry of the name* addition, and place of abode of any one perfon,

. V. Provided, That nothing in this ad (hall relate to, or have any effect upon, any foreigner that is or (hall be a menial fer-vant to any ambofiador or publieje agqnt.

____w____ VI. Provided, That nothing in.this adt (hall relate to, of

gtrVfa-viuit* have any efiedl upon, any perfon being a natural-born fut^e<S(f excepted. of the King of Portugal, who now is, car hereafter (hall be, a fwom fervant to the Queen dowager, nor to any other fervants being natural-born fobjedU of their Majefties, as her majefty the Qyeen dowager (hall under her hand and feal, from time to tfine for that purpose be pleafed to nominate, the (aid fervants (b nominated not exceeding the number of thirty at any one time, fo as none of the faid fervants, being natural-born fubje&s of their Majefties, be a jefuit, pried, monk, or ftyar ; any law or (Unite to the contrary notwitfiftanding.

CAP. X.

An act for the taking away the revenue ariftng by hearth-money.

[preamble]

WHERE AS his  Majejiy having been that the revenue

V V of heartb-monev was grievm to the , was pleafed by his

graciom

Ambafladort fervants excepted.

Queen dowa-

i6M.j Anno priofo Guuel*4j & MaiIije. c.ia . i j

graciousmejfage font to the commons affembled in parliament, to fig* mfy hh pleafuro, either to agree ta a regulation of it, or to the taking it wholly away, as JhouU he thought mofi convenient by the faid com* mens. And w$ere$s upon mature deliberation, the find commons do find. That the find- revenue cdniiot be Jo regulated, but that it will ecufhn many difficulties and4 tpeeftiens, and that it is in itfielf not only a great opprejfiou to the poorer fortr but a badge of Jlavery upon the whole people, exp'ofing every manxs houfe ta bs entred intoyend feanb* ed at pleafure by perjons unknown Jo him:

II.  JVejyour Mqjeflfs moft dsdifU^dioyglfi^jeCls she commons j being filled with a mofi bumble am grateful fenfie of your Majefifs Unparallelled grace anafavoured your people, not only by refioring their rights and liberties which have been invaded contrary to law, but m defining to make them happy and0 at cafe, by taking away fetch bur* thins as by law were fixed1 upon " them, by - which your Majefiy will ereCt a lajling monument of your goodnefs in'every beufe.in the kingdom; do moft humbly befeechyour Majefiy, That the faid revenue of bearth-money may be wholly taken aivoy and abolijhedI

III.  And be it enaded by the King and Queen’s moft excel- The a£ts e(ta-

Jent njajcfties, by and with the advice and oonfent of the* lords blHhing chim-ipirituaf and temporaland commons in this prefent parliament j^‘"i0Ilcyrc~ aflembted, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad made  *

in the parliament began ut Wefiminfter the eighth day of May in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of. his late Ma» jcfty King Charles the Second, intituled. An alt for the efiabhjb* & 14 Car.** ing an additional revenue upon his Majefiy, bis heirs and JuUeffors, c. 10. far the bolter fupport of bis and their crotdn and' dignity; and an* other ad made in the fecond feffion of the faid parliament in the fifteenth year of his firid late MajeflVs reign, intituled. An «5car.i. C«M-additional aft for the better ordering and collecting the revenue ariftng by hearth-money 5 and another ad made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, intituled, An aCt for collecting  Car. s. c. 3.

the duty arifmg by hearth-money, by the officers to be appointed by  '

his Majejly \ and all and* every the articles, daufcs and things in the faid feveral ads contained, fhall be, and are hereby wholly repealed and annulled,, and utterly made void, and are hereby enaded and declared to be null and void to all intents and pur* pofes whatfoever.

IV.  Provided always, and be it declared and enadod, That Hearth money nothing in this ad contained, (hall be taken or conftrued to hin- due next ~ der or prejudice thecolleding, levying, anfweringor paying the March cx-faid revenue arifing by hearth-money, which (hall grow due on cepted.

the five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, and all arrears of the find duty which now are due ana payable by the find ads; but that all and every the powers, claufes, articles and matters in the faid former ads, (hall continue and remain in force for the collediqg, levying and recovering of the faid duty of hearth-money To growing due on the faid five and twentieth day of March one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, and all the arrears of the faid duty already due, as by the faid ads they might have been col*

14 Anno primo CtfLlslMi & Maria, c.i i, 19.  (1688.

lefted levied end recovered, if this aft bad not been made, and no otherwife.

cap. xi.

An oSt for the explaining and making efFe&ual a ftatute made in the first year of King James the Second, concerning the haven and piers of Great Yarntfutlt.

f Jac. i. C. 16. year of King

Perfons exporting com at such a rate (hail have a

The mayor's power given to th« MGIk* All officers may nesMfte the g^mtMPSby ghia. Money to be paid to perfru* appointed by the

CAR XII.

An ail for the encouraging the exportation of corn.

FOralmuck as it hath ban found by experience* that tie export a* tion of com and grain into foreign parti, when the price thereof is at alow rate in this kingdom, hath pern a great advantage not only to the owners f land* but to the trade of tins kingdom in general II. Be it therefore enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moil excellent majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, now a£ femkled in parliament, and by the authority of the fame. That Rates of cons.  or barley, Wincbejler meafure, is or fhall be at four

and twenty (hillings per quarter, or under \ rye at two and thirty (hillings per quarter, or under; and wheat at eight and forty ihillings a quarter, or under, in any port or ports of this kingdom or dominion of Wales \ every merchant or other perfon, Who (hall put on (hip-board in Eriglijb (hipping, the matter and two thirds of his mariners at lead being their Majefties fubje&s, any forts of the Corn aforesaid, from any such ports where the rates (hall not then be higher than as aforesaid, with intent to Exporter gim export the faid corn to parts beyond the teas: Every such mer-certificatc of chant or other perfon (hall bring a certificate in writing under Sond^ex- his or their hands, containing the quantity and quality of com port. * fo (hipped, to the fanners, commiffioners, collectors, or other perfons appointed, or to be appointed, for the time being, to colleft the duties and rates arifing by cuftoms within any such See farther  port, and upon proof made of any such certificate by one or

proyifions re- more credible perfon or perfons upon their oaths, which oaths Gec?i ci I* the Taid commiffioners or other perfons are hereby authorized '  and required to adminifter, and upon bond given by every such

merchant, or other perfon, in the fum of two hundred pounds at the lead for every hundred tons of corn fo (hipped, and fo proportionately, that the faid com (danger of the teas excepted) (hall be exported into parts beyond the teas, and not be again landed in the kingdom of England* dominion of Wales* the i(lands of Guernfcy and Jcrfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed: Reward paid Every such merchant fo‘ (hipping off any of the aforefaid com, to the exporter and giving certificate and bond, as aforesaid, (hall have and by the collec- receive from such farmers, commiffioners, collectors, or other tors.  perfons in any port refpeftively, where the fame com (hall be

See farther pro- fo (hipped, for every quarter of barley or malt, ground or un-ground, two (hillings and fix pence; for every quarter of rye, k 15!* ground-.or uqground, three (hillings and fix pence * for every

quarter

1681.] Aniio primo QiitittMl Sc Mari j®. C. i 15.  15

quarter of wheat, ground or unground, five (hillings: Which x*Annae,ftat. fum or foms every loch comrniffioner, farmer, or other perfon, *•c# *•a9* are hereby authorised and required, upon demand by such exporter, to make prefent payment of accordingly, without taking or requiring any thing for cuftotn, or any fee or reward for com fb laden to be exported, or for fo much grain as (hall be exported, in any (hip wherein any other goods (hall be (hipped 5 aiy law, ftatute, or ufage in any wife to the contrary notwithftana-ing: And upon certificate returned under the common feal of Exporters the chief tnagiftrate in any place or places beyond the feas, or bond bow dif-under the hands and feals of two known Engtijh merchants up-on the place, that such com was there landed, or upon proof ^ ^dfirh credible perfons, that such corn was taken by enemies, or pe- %% & 13 w. 3. rifhed in the Teas, the examination and proof thereof being leftc. 10. to the judgment of such commiflionets, farmers, collectors, or other perfons ; which proof being made, or certificate delivered to such perfon or perfons refpeftively, as took bond, as aforesaid, the (aid bond (hall be delivered up to such importer or his order, to be cancelled, without any fee for the fame: collectors al« And the monies by any such commiflioners, farmers, collectors, lowed the mo* or other perfon, 10 paid In obedience to this aft, (hall be ac- ney in their cepted of in his or their accounts, as fo much paid to theiraccounts* Majefties, and he and they i* and (hall be difcharged therefore accordingly.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for railing money by a poll, and otherwife, towards the reducing of Ireland. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for preventing doubts and qneftions concerning the caUe&iog the publick revenue. £XP.

CAP. XV.

Ah aS for tht better featring the government by difarming papifts end reputed papifts.

FOR the better fecuring of the government againft papifts and reputed papifts:

II. J8e it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Two juftices majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- °* P*ac* may ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament J^tionof^o" aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That it (hall and may car. *. to pa-be lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace, who (hall pifts. Sec. know or fufpeft any perfon to be a papift, or (hall be informed yr Scotland that any perfon is, or is fufpefted to be a papift, to tender, an^ they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to tender to f. ' such perfon fo known or fufpefted to be a, papift, the declaration fet down and exprefled in an aft pf parliament made in the thirtieth year oF the reign of the late King Charles the Second, inti-30 Car. a. flat, tuled. An aH for the more effectualpreferving the King's perfon and *•c* *• government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, to be by him made, repeated* and fubferibed: And if Penalty upon such perlon fo required (hall refufe to make, repeat, and fubferibe re^ufcr#* the (aid declaration, or (hall not make, repeat, and fubferibe

the

j 6

Juftices of peace (halhcer-tHy the fub-feribers and refofers to the ieffions.

Refiffer (hall keep no armt.

Two juftices of peace raay feize armt.

Penalty upon refufer for not d i {covering or hind ring the feaich for his arms.

Anno prkno Gulielmi & Marmb. c.15;  [1688L

the faid declaration, or (hall refufe or forbear to appear before the faid jufticea, for the making, repeating, and fublcribing the faid declaration, upon notice to him given or left at his ufual place of abode, by any perfon authorized in that behalf, by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid two juftices, such perfon from thenceforth (hall be taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, liable and fubjeft to all and every the penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities hereafter in this adt mentioned.

HI. And be it hereby further enadted, That the faid juftices of peace (hall certify the name, fumame, and ufual place of abode of every perfon, who being required, lhall refufe of ne-gledt to make, repeat, and fubferibe the faid declaration, or to appear befofe them for the making, repeating, arid fubferibing the faid declaration, as .alfo of every perfon, who (hall make, repeat, and fubferibe the faid declaration, at the next general quarter feffions to be holden for the (hire, riding, diviiion, or liberty, for which they (hall be juftices of the peace, to be there recorded by the derk of the peace, or town clerk, and kept a-mongft the records of the faid feffions.

IV.  And for the better fearing their Majefties perfons and government; be it further enadted and declared, That no pa-pift or reputed papift, fo refilling or making default, as afore-laid, (hall or may have or keep in his houfe, or elsewhere, or in the pofleffion of any other perfon to his ufe, or at his difpo-fition, any arms, weapons, gunpowder, or ammunition (other than such neceflary weapons, as (hall be allowed to him by order of the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feffions, for the defence of his houfe or perfon) and that any two or more juftices of the peace, from time to time, by warrant under thdr hands and feals, may authorize and impower any perfon or perfons in the day-time, with the afliftance of the conftable or his deputy, or the tythingman, or headborough, where the fearch Ihkll be (who are hereby required to be aiding and affifting herein) to fearch for all arms, weapons, gunpowder, or ammunition, which (hall be in the houfe, cuftody, or pofleffion of any such papift or reputed papift, and feize the fame for the ufe of their Majefties, and their fucceflors $ which faid juftices of the peace lhall from time to time, at the next general quarter feffihns to be held for the county, riding, diviiion, or liberty, where such feizure (hall be made, deliver the faid arms, weapons, gunpowder, and ammunition, in open court, for the ufe aforelaid.

V.  And be it further enadted, That every papift, or reputed papift, who lhall not, within the fpace of ten days sifter such re-fufal or making default as aforesaid, difeover and deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to fdme of their Majefties juftices of the peace, all arms, weapons, gunpowder, or ammunition whatloever, which he (hall have in his houfe or elfewhere, or which (hall be in the pofleffion of any perfon to his ufe, or at his difpofition, or lhall hinder or difturb any perfon or perfons, authorized by warrant under the hands and feals of any two juftices of the peace, tp fearch for and feize the fame, that every luch perfon fo offending*

1688. J Anno primo Gulielmi & Mari Jb. c. i 5.  fj

ing, contrary to the ftatate in this behalf made, (hall be committed to the common gaol of the county or place where he (hall commit foch offence, by warrant under the hands and Teals of any two juftices of the peace; there to remain, without bail or mainprne, for the fpace of three months, and (hall a Ho forfeit and lofe the faid arms, and pay treble the value of them to the ufe of their Majefties, and their fucceflbrs, to be appraifed by the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feffions to be held for the faid county, riding, or divifion, to their Majefties and their fucceflbrs.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon who (hall Pen*J? conceal, or be privy, or aiding, or affifting to the concealing, or ^^*atcr* who knowing thereof, fhall not difcover or declare to Tome of

their Majefties juftices of the peace, the arms, weapons, gunpowder, or ammunition of any perfon To rcfufing, or making default, as aforesaid, or (hall hinder or difturbany perfon or perfon s, authorized as aforesaid, in Tearching for, taking, and Teizing the Tame, (hall be committed to the common gaol of the county or place where he (hall commit such offence, by warrant under the hands and foals of any two juftices of the peace, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months [ and fhall alfo forfeit and lofe treble the value of the laid arms to their Majefties and their fucceflbrs.

VII.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or per- Reward todit fons fhall difcover any concealed arms, weapons, ammunition, covererof re-or gunpowder, belonging to any. refuting or making default as fttfer*armu aforesaid, To as the fame may be feized as aforesaid, for the ufe

of their Majefties and their fucceflbrs, the juftices of the peace, upon delivery of the fame at the general quarter feffions as aforesaid, fhall have power, and they are hereby required, as a reward for such a difcovery, by order of feflions, to allow to him or them a fum of money, amounting to the foil value of the arms, weapons, ammunition, or gunpowder fo difcovered; the laid film to be aflefled by the judgment of the faid juftices at their (aid feffions, and to be levied by diftrefe and fale of the goods of the perfon offending agalnft this aft, rendring the overplus which mall arife by fucn fale, above the laid fum fo allowed, and above the neceflary charges of taking such diftrefs, to the owner.

VEIT. Provided always. That if any perfon, who (hall have Reflifert fob-refufed or made default as aforesaid, fhall defire to fubmit and bribing the conform, and for that purpose (hall prefent himfelf before the pfnaltyt'd!fl juftices of peace, at the general quarter feffions to be holden for £bVged. the county, riding, divifion, or liberty, where his refufal, or making default, as aforesaid, fhall be certified as aforesaid, and fhall there in open court make, repeat and fubfcribe the faid decoration contained in the laid aft, made in the faid thirtieth year n: the reign of the faid late King Charles the^ Second, and take *.ne feveral oaths contained in an aft made in this prefent parliament, intituled. An ail fat removing and preventing all quejlions Supra,*, u and  difpntesconcerning the ajfembling and fitting of this prefent par-

liament ; he fhall from thenceforth be difcharged of and from all dilabilities and forfeitures, which he might or fhould bp liable V91. IX.  C  I  t#

18  Anno  primo GIjlIelmi & Marine: c.i6.  [i688#

to for the future, by reafonof his refufal or default as aforefaid* PapUh horfes IX. And be it further enabled. That no papift, or reputed above 51. va- papift) fo refufing or making default as aforesaid, at any time lue forfeited, after the fifteenth day of May* in the year of our Lord one thou-fand fix hundred eighty nine, (hall or may have or keep, in his own pofleffion, or in the pofleffion of any other peffon to his ufe, or at his difpofition, any horfe or horfes, which fhall be above the value of five pounds, to be fold; and that any two or more juftices of the peace, from time to time, by warrant under their hands and feals, may and (hall authorize any per-fon or perfons, with the affiftance of the conftable or his deputy, or the tythingman or headborough, when the fearch (hall be (who are hereby required to be aiding and affifting herein) to learch for and feize, tor the ufe of their Majefties and their fucceflbrs, all such horfes; which horfes are hereby declared to be forfeited to their Majefties and their fucceflbrs.

Penalty upon X. And he it further enadled, That if any perfon (hall con-con5®a‘®r ceal, or be aiding or affifting in the concealing any such horfe or papifts nor cs. jj0rfcg belonging to any papift, or reputed papift fo refufing or making default as aforesaid, after the faid fifteenth day of May, such perfon fhall be committed to prifon by such warrant as a-forefaid, there to remain without bail or mainprize by the fpace of three months, and (hall alfo forfeit and lofe to their Majefties and their fucceflbrs treble the value of such horfe or horfes; which value is to be fettled as aforefaid.

CAP. XVI.

An ail that the ftmoniacal promotion of one perfon may not prejudice another.

WHEREAS it hath often happened, that perfons ftmoniack or fmoniacally promoted to benefices or ecclefiaftical livings* have enjoyed the benefit of such livings many year s* and fometimes all their life-time* by reafon of the fecret carriage of such fimoniacal dealing 5 , and after the death of such fimoniaci perfin, another perfon innocent of such crime* and worthy offuch preferment* being prefented or promoted by another patron innocent alfo of that fimoniacal contrail, have been troubled and removed upon pretence of lapfe (or otherwife) to the prejudice of the innocent patron in reverjion* and of his clerk* whereby the guilty go away with profit of his crime, and the innocent fucceeding patron and his clerk are pumjhed* contrary to all reafon and good comcience:

Simoniacal  II. For prevention whereof, be it enadled by the King’s and

contrail  Queen’s mod excellent majefties, by and with the advice and

where it (ball confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in not prejudice. tms prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That after the death of the perfon fo fimoniacally promoted, the offence or contradl of fimony (hall, neither by way of title in pleading, or in evidence to a jury, or otherwife, hereafter be alledged or {beaded, to the prejudice of any other patron innocent of fimony, or of his clerk by him prefentea or promoted, upon pretence of lapfe to the crown, metropolitan, or otherwife, unlefs the perfon ftmoniack or fimoniacally prefented or his pa- ‘

. tron.

%

i  688.] Anno primo Gitlielmi Sc Marine. 6.17,18.  19

tron, was convided of such offence at the common law, or fome ecdefuftical court, in the life-time of the perfon fimoni-ack or fimoniacally promoted or prefented; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.  And be it alfo provided, ena&ed, and declared by theau- Leife thority aforeiaid, That no leafe or leafes, really and bona fide bona fide by , made, or hereafter to be made, by any such perfon as aforeiaid fimonittgood. fimoniack or fimoniacally promoted to any deanery, pfebend, orparfonage, or ether ecclefiaftical benefice or dignity, for gOod and valuable confideration, to any tenant or perfon not being privy unto, or havitig notice of such fimony, (hall be impeached or avoided for or by reafon of such fimony, but (hall be good and effectual in law, the faid fimony notwitnftanding.

CAP, XVII.

An  aft for testifying a  miftake in a certain Of this prefent

parliament, For the amoving papills from the cities of London and Wefiminfter.

WHEREAS in an aft of this prefent parliament, in- supra,c.

tituled. An ad for the amoving papifts, and reputed pa-pills from the cities of London and ireft and ten miles diftance from the fame, the county of Sufiex is by  in  the

faid aft infertedfor the county ofEffex:

II.  Be it enabled by the King and Qpeen’s moft excellent Suflixdhanged majefties, with the advice and cohfent of the lords fpiritual lnt° E"ex* and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every the powers and authorities by the faid recited ad given to the juftices of the peace of the county of Sujfex, be and are hereby declared and ena&ed to extend to the county of and the juftices of peace of the faid county of E,and limits thereof.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for exempting their Majefties protefia , differing from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws.

FORASMUCH as fome eafe to Scrupulous conferences in the ex-, etcife of religion may be an efjfeftual means to unite their Majefties  protefiant fubjefts in inter ft and affeft :

II. Be it ena&ed by the. King’s and Queen’s moft excellent The fevers! majefties, by and with the advice and ccmfent of the lords fpi- ’*"*"?* ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par-0 liament aftembled and by the authority of the fame. That neither the ftatute made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late Queen  Elizabeth,intituled. An aft to retain the ij Eli*. & >.

Queen’s  majefly'sfubjefts in their due obediencej nor the ftatute made

in the twenty ninth year of the (aid Queen, intituled. An aft Eliz> «• 6» for the more fpeedy and due execution of certain branches of theftatute made in the three and twentieth year of the Queen’s majefty’s , viz. the aforefaid ad; nor that branch or claufe of a ftatute made in the first year of the reign of the (aid Queen, intitu-  .  .

led, An aft far the uniformity of common prayer and ftwice in the ’ ®"** °* *•

$ Jac. x. c. 5.

Exception.

%o  Anno  primo  Golieimi  & Marine. c.t8*  [i688.

churchy and adminifiration of the facraments; whereby all perfons, having no lawful or reafonable excufe to be abfent, are required to refort to their parifh church or chapel, or fome ufual place where the common prayer (hall be ufed, upon pain of punifh-ment by the cenfures of the church, and alfo upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every such offence twelve pence; nor the ftatute made in the third year of the 3 Jac. i. 04. reign ot the late King James the Firft, intituled. An a# fir the better difcovering and repreffing popijb recufants; nor that other ftatute made in the feme year, intituled, An aft to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popijb recufants; nor any other law or ftatute of this realm made againft papifts or popifh recufants, except the ftatute made in the five and twentieth year *5 Car. *. c^a. Qf King Charles the Second, intituled* An aft fir preventing dangers which may happen from popijb recufants ; and except alfo 30 Car* 1. (tat. the ftatute made in the thirtieth year or the faid King Charles a. c. x« the Second, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftual preferring the King's peijbn and government, by difabting papifts from fitting in either houje of parliament; (hall be conftrued to extend to any perfon or perfons difienting from the church of England, that (hall take the oaths mentioned in a ftatute made this Supra, c.t.  prefent parliament, intituled. An aft for removing and prevent-

ing all queftions and difputes concerning the ajfembling and fitting of this prefent parliament; and lhall make and fubfcribe tne dc-0^' t fa, claration mentioned in a ftatute made in the thirtieth year of the *. c. 1* * reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft to prevent Taking deda- papi/ts from fitting in either houfe ofparliament; which oaths and declaration the juftices of peace at the general feifions of the

Eeace, to be held for the county or place where such perfon (hall ve, are hereby required to tender and adminifter to such per-fens as (hall offer themfelves to take, make, and fubfcribe the Fee for re- facne9 an<* thereof to keep a regifter: and likewife none of the gifter and eer- perfons aforefaiti lhall give or pay, as any fee or reward, to any smeate. officer or officers belonging to the court aforesaid, above the fumi of fix pence, nor that more than once, for his or their entry of his taking the faid oaths, and making and fuhfcribing the faid declaration ; nor above the further fum of fix pence for any certificate of the fame, to be made out and figned by the officer or officers of the faid court.

III.  And be it further enadted be the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, already convicted orpro-fecuted in order to convidtion of recufancy, by indictment, information, adtion of debt, orotherwife, grounded'upon the aforefaid ftatutes, or any of them, that (hall take the faid oaths mentioned in the faid ftatute made this prefent parliament, and make and fubfcribe the declaration aforesaid, in the court of exchequer, or aflizes, or general or quarter feffions to be held for die county where such perfon lives, and to be thence refpedtively certified into the exchequer, (hall be thenceforth exempted and difehargedfrom all the penalties, feizures, forfeitures, judgments, and executions, incurred by force of any of the aforefaid ftatutes, without any competition, fee, or further charge whatfoever.

IV.  Anjl

ration to be regiftred.

Perfons con* vi&ed, &c. taking tbe oaths, Stc. (hall be dif-cfe&rged.

■668.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Mari/s. c.18.  ai

IV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every perfon and perfons that (hall, as aforesaid, take the (aid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the declaration aforesaid, (hall not be liable to any pains, penalties, or forfeitures, mentioned in an ad made in the five and thirtieth year of the

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An a£t to retain the JS **•c* *•-Queen’s majefty'sfubjeOs in their due obedience; nor in an ad made in the two and twentieth vear of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An all to prevent andfitpprefs/editions con- ** Car. *. c. u venticles; nOr (hall any of the (aid perfons be profecuted in any Ecctefuftioal ecdefiaftical court, for or by reafon of their non-conforming to court* the church of England.

V.  Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore- private meet-faid. That if any affembly of perfons difienting from the church iog* excluded, of England (hall be had in any place for religious worlhip with

the doors locked, barred, or bolted, during any time of such meeting together, all and every perfon or perfons, that (hall  .

come to and be at such meeting, (hall not receive any benefit . from this law, but be liable to all the pains and penalties of all the aforefaid laws recited in this ad, for such their meeting, notwithftanding his taking the oaths and his making and fub-fcribingthe declaration aforefaid.

VI.  Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Tythes fared, be confirned to exempt any of the penons aforefaid from paying of tythesor other parochial duties, or any other duties to the

church os minifter, nor from any profecution in any ecdefi-aftical court or elfowhere, for the lame.

VIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, officer* (ere- -'That if any perfon difienting from the church of  ,as pling oaths,

aforefaid, (nail hereafter be chofen or otherwife appointed to bear the office of high-conftable, or petit-conftable, church- “  *

-warden or overfeer of the poor, or any other parochial or ward p '* office, and such perfon (hall fcruple to take upon him any of the (aid offices in regard of the oaths, or any other matter or thing required by the law to be taken or done in refped of such office, every (uch perfon (hall and may execute such office or .employment by a fuffident deputy, by him to be provided, that (hall comply with the laws on this behalf. Provided always, the faid deputy be allowed and approved by such perfon or per-Jons, in (uch manner as such officer or officers refpedtively •fhould by law have been allowed and approved.

VIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Perfons In or-That no perfon difienting from the church of England in holy den how exorders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, emP*e<1 from» iror any preacher or teacher of any congregation of aiflenting proteftants, that lhall make and fubfcribe the declaration afore- c;4. * faid, and take the faid oaths at the general or quarter fefitons of .the peace to be held for the county, town, parts, or divifion where such perfon lives, which court is hereby impowered to .adminifter the fame, and (hall alfo declare his approbation of suid fubfcribe the articles of religion mentioned in the ftatute .made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late Queen

C 3  Elizabeth*

*2  Anno  prfmo  Gulielmi  & Marijr: c.i8. [i688#

ij gliz. c. ji, - Elizabeth, except the thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, and thirty-fixth, and thefe words of the twentieth article, viz. [fA* church hath power to decree rites or ceremonies^ and authority in contrcruerfm of faith, andyrt] lhall be liable to any of the pains or penalties mentioned in an ad made in the feventeenth year of the reign *7 Car. a. c. a. of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for refraining non-eonformifts from inhabiting in corporations \ nor the penalties men* tioned in the aforefaid ad made in the two and twentieth year of bis fiiid late Majesty’s reign, for or by reafon of such perfons preaching at any meeting for the exercife of religion; nor to the penalty of one hundred pounds mentioned in an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, intituled, xsftritGtr.s» An aft for the uniformity of publick prayers, and admmjlratton of facramentSj and other rites and ceremonies: and for ejlablijhing the form of making, ordaining, and confecrating of Sijbops, priefls, and deacons in the church ^England, for officiating in any congregation for the exercife of religionpermitted and allowed by this ad. Taking the IX. Provided always. That the making and fubferibing the paths. Sec. to faid declaration, and the taking the faid oaths, and making the be regiibed. declaration of approbation and fubfeription to the faid articles, in manner as aforesaid, by every refpedite perfon or perfons herein before-mentioned, at such general or quarter femons of the peace as aforesaid, (hall be then and there entred of record in the faid court, for which fix-pence (hall be paid to the clerk Meeting-door of the peace, and no more: provided that such perfon (hail not to ^unlocked, at any time preach in any place, but with the doors not locked, barred, or bolted, as aforefaid.

X.  And whereas fome diffenting proteflants fcruple the baptizing Aqabapfiftf’ tf infants; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon in pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, or preacher, or teacher, that (hall fubferibe the aforefaid articles of religion, except before excepted, and alfo except part of the (even and twentieth article touching infant baptifm, and (hall take the faid oaths, and make and fublcribe the declaration aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, every such perfon (hall enjoy all the privileges, benefits, and advantages, which any other difienting tninifter, as aforesaid, might have or enjoy by virtue of this adt. Teachers ex- XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid, empt from oft That every teacher or preacher in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, that is a tninifter, preacher, or teacher of a congregation, that (hall take the oaths herein required, and make and fubferibe the declaration aforesaid, and 4l(6 fubferibe such pf the aforefaid articles of the church of England, as are required by this adt in manner aforesaid, (hall be thenceforth exempted from ferving upon any jury, or from being chofen or appointed to bear the office of churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or any other parochial or ward office or other office in any hundred of any (hire, city, town, parifh, divifion, or wapentake. Juftic* of XII. And be it farther enadted by the authority aforesaid, peace may That every juftice of the peace may at any time hereafter re-quire any perfon, that goes to any meeting for exercife of re-IPWi  |  ligion,

1688.]  Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine. c.i 8.  23

figion, to make and fubfcribe the declaration aforesaid, and alfo to take the faid oaths or declaration of fidelity herein after mentioned, in cafe such perfon fcruples the taking of an oath, Penalty for and upon refufal thereof, such juftice of the peace is hereby re- refilling, quirea to commit such perfon to prifon without bail or main-prize, and to certify the name of luch perfon to the next general or quarter-Mkras of the aeace to be held for that county, city, town, pact or diviiioo^ Where such perfonthenrefides; and if luch perfon fo committed (hall upon a fecond tender at the general or quaiter-feffions refufe to make and fubfcribe the declaration aforesaid, such perfon refufing (hall be then and there recorded, and he (hall be taken thenceforth to all intents and purposes for a popilh recufant convift, and fuffer accordingly, and incur all the penalties and forfeitures of all the aforefaid laws.

XIII.  And whereas there are certain ether perfems, dijfenters frm Quakers how the church of England, who fcruple the taking of any oath; be it exempted, enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every such perfon lhall make* ana fubfcribe the aforefaid declaration, and alfo this de- Geo. 1. c. 6. dararion of fidelity following, viz.

I A. B. do fencer eh promife and folemnly declare before God and declaration of the world, that 1 will be true and faithful to King William and™™1**' Queen Mary $ and I do folemnly profefs and declare, that I do from fny heart abhor, deteft, and renounce, as impious and heretical, that damnable doftrine andpofetton, That princes excommunicated Or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofed or murthered by their fubjefts, or any other what-fbever. And I do declare, that no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, fate, or potentate, bath or ought to have, any power, jurifdiftion,

Juperiority, pre-eminence, or authority ecclefeaftical or Jpiritual within this realm.

And (hall fubfcribe a profefiion of their chriftian belief in thefe words:

I A. B. profefs faith in God the father, and in Jefits Cbrijl his Profeffioa* eternal fon, the true God, and tn the boh fpirit, one God bleffed for evermore, and do acknowledge the holy ferrptures of the Old and New Teftament to be given by divine infpiration.

Which declarations and fubfeription (hall be made and entred Qf record at the general quarter-fefllons of the peace for the county, city, or place where every such perfon lhall then refide.

And every such perfon that (hall make and fubfcribe the two declarations and profeflion aforesaid, being thereunto required,

(hall be exempted from all the pains and penalties of all and

every the aforementioned ftatutes made againft popilh recufants,

or proteftant nonconformifts, and alfo from the penalties of an aft

made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, in- 5  c*u

tituled, An aft for the ajfurance of the Queen's royal power over all

ejlaies and fubjefts within her dominions, for or by reafon of such

(>erfon$ not taking or refufing to take the oath mentioned in the aid a# j and alio from the penalties of an aft made in the - J  C  4  thirteenth

*4  Anno  primo Gulirlmi & Marine, c, r8. [1688;

11  & 14 Car.». thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King c- *•  the Second, intituled. An aft for preventing  that

arift by certain perfins ailed Quakers,  take lawful  j

and enjoy all other the benefits, privileges, and advantage* under the like limitations, provifoes, ana conditions, which any other diflenters (hall or ought to enjoy by virtue of this a A. How purged XIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority after rtfufal aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon (hall refufe to take the laid of the oatbs. oaths, when tendred to them, which every jufticc of the peace is hereby impowered to do, foch perfon (hall not be admitted to make and fubfcribethe two declarations aforesaid, thoqgh required thereunto either before any juftice of the peace, or at the general or quarter-feffions, before or after any conviction of popith recufency, as aforefeid, unleft such perfon can, within thirty one days after such tender of the declarations to him, produce two lufficient proteftant witnefles, to teftify upon oath, that they believe him to be a proteftant diftenter, ora certificate under the hands of four proteftant*, who are conformable to the church of England, or have taken the oaths and fubfcribed the declaration above mentioned, and (hall alfo produce a certificate under the bands and feals of fix or more (uffident men of the congregation to which he belongs, owning him for one of them.

XV.  Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That until such certificate, under the hands of fix of his congregation, as aforesaid, be produced, and two proteftant witnefles come to atteft his being a proteftant diftenter, or a certificate under the hands of four proteftants, as aforesaid, be produced, the juftice of the peace (hall and hereby is required to take a recognizance with two fureties in the penal ftim of fifty pounds, to be levied of his goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, to the ufe of die King’s and Queen's majefties, their heirs and fuccefiors, for his producing the fame; ana if he cannot give such fecurity, to commit him to prifon, there to remain until he has produced such certificates, or two witnefles, as aforefaid.

Laws for di- XVI. Provided always, and it is the true intent and mean-vine fervicc in ing of this a<ft. That all the laws made and provided for the torce' frequenting of divine fervicc on the Lord’s day commonly called Sunday, (hall be (till in force, and executed againft all per-foos that offend againft the faid laws, except such peribns come to feme congregation or aftembly of religious worlnip, allowed or permitted by this adt.

Papilb, tee. XVII. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-cxcepted. thority aforefaid. That neither this adt, nor any daufe, article, or thing herein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued'to extend to give any eafe, benefit or advantage to any papift or popifti recufant whatfoever, or any perfon that (hall deny in his preaching or writing the dodtrine of thebleffed Trinity, as it is declared in the aforefaid articles of religion.

Dirturbert of XVIII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority worship how  That if any perfon or perfons, at any time or rimes after

1688.I Anno primo Gulielmi & Maria. 0.19,20.  ®$

the tenth day of June, do and (hall willingly and of purpose, ma- punilhed. licioufly or contemptuoufly come into any cathedral or parifh & yf'Jf church, chapel, or other congregation permitted by this adt, and difquiet or difturb the fame, or mifefe any preacher or teacher, inch pcrfon or perfons, upon proof thereof before any juftice of pace, by two or more fuffident witnefles, (hall find two furtties to be bound by recognizance in the penal fum of fifty pounds, and in default of ftich fureties (hall be committed to

Eifon, there to remain till the next general or quarter lions; and upon convidtion of the faid offence at the (aid general or quarter feffions, (hall fuffer the pain and penalty of twenty pounds, to the ufe of the King's and Queen's majeities, their heirs and fuoceffbrs.

XIX.  Provided always. That no congregation or aflembly for £***  wor-

religious worlhip (hall be permitted or allowed by this ad, until "* cer* the place of focn meeting (hall be certified to the bilhop of the diocefe, or to the archdeacon of that archdeaconry, or to the juftices of the peace at the general or quarter feffions of the peace for the county, city, or place in which such meeting (hall be held, and regiftred in the (aid biihop’s or archdeacon's court refpeftivcly, or recorded at the faid general or quarter feffions 1 the regifter or dak of the peace whereof rdpedively is hereby required to regifter the fame, and to give certificate thereof to such pcrfon as (hall demand the fame, for which there (hall be no greater fee nor reward taken, titan the fum of fix pence.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for impowering their Majefties to commit, without bail, foch per. g R - fat as they (hall find juft cauie to lufpeft are con (piling againft the government. •

CAP. XX.

An off for a grant to tbeir MajeJiies of an aid of twelve zxr. pence in the pound for oneyear, for the necejfary defence of tbeir  realms.

WE your  MajeJiiesmofl dutiful and loyal  commons

ajfembled in parliament, having entrod into a  confide-

ration of the extraordinary oceafions which your in a great and  prefentexpense for tie necejfary defence of your realms, and

being  defireusto raifc proportionable aids and fupplics, do humbly

Jent your Majeflits with the free gift of the rates and ajjeffments herein after mentioned, and bejeeth your MajeJiies that it may be enabled;

II.  And be it enadcd by the King and Queen’s mod excellent majeities, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-> tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the feme. That their Majeftiet (hall have and receive die rates and afleffinents hereafter mentioned, of and from every pcrfon, fpiritual and temporal, of what eftate or degree foever he or they be $ which faid rates or afleffinents (hall be taxed, aflefled, levied and paid into their 4 Majefties receipt ,of exchequer, according to the tenor of this' ad, and in mannfer and form following; (that is to fey) That

Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine. c.2o. [i6ffS.

all and every perfon aiid perfon s, bodies politick and corporate, guilds and fraternities within this kingdom of England, dominion pf hPales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, having any eftate in goods, wares, merchandizes, or other chattels or perfonal eftate whatfoever, either in their own poficffion, or in die pof-ieffion of others in truft for them, (except, and out of the premises deduced, such Turns of money as he or they do bma fide owe, and alfo the ftock upon lands, and such goods as are ufed for houfhold-ftuff) (hall yield and pay unto their Majefties twelve pence in the pound, according to tne true yearly profit thereof for one year, to be aflefied, levied and collected in manner herein after mentioned ; (that is to fay) for every hundred pounds worth of such goods, wares, merchandizes, or other chattels, or

Sirfonal eftate, the fum of fix (hillings j and fo after that rate r every greater or leffer quantity.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority afortfiud. That all and every perfon and perfons, commiflioner and commiffion-ers, having, ufing or exercifing any office, or imployment of profit (fuch military officers who are or (hall be in mufter, or pay in their Majefties army or navy only excepted) (hall yield and pay unto their Majefties the fum of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings, which he or they do receive in one year by virtue ot any fees, profits accruing to him or them, by reafon or occafion of their feveral offices or employments, to be afiefied, impofed, levied and collected, in such manner as hereafter is mentioned. And to the end a further aid and fuppiy for their Majefties occafions may be raifed by a charge upon all lands, tenements and hereditaments with as much equality and indif-ferency, as is poflible by a pound rate of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true yearly value for one year only and no longer;

IV.  Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the manors, meflbagee, lands ana tenements, as well freehold as copyhold, as alfo all quarries, all and eveiy the mines of coal, tin or lead, and all iron works and fak works, all allom mines or works, all parks, chafes, warrens, woods, underwoods and copices, (ifhings, tythes, tolls, and all other yearly profits and hereditaments of what nature or kind (bever they be, fituate, lying and being, happening and arifing within the kingdom of England, dominion of IVaTes^ or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within any the counties, cities, boroughs, towns, divifions, ridings, hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, pa-riflies and places thereof as well within ancient demefne and other liberties and privileg’d places as without, (hall be, and are hereby charged for one year only and no longer, with the fum of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true yearly value. And all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, having or holding in his, her pr their a&ual pofleflion, any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or other the hereditaments or premifie$9 (hall yield and

pay

i68fl.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine, c.io.

pay unto their Majefties the fum of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings by the year, which the faid manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and other the premifles are now worth to be leafed, if the fame were truly and bona fide leafed or demifed at a rack rent, and according to the full true yearly value thereof, without any refpeA had to the prefent rents referved for the fame, if such rents have been referved upon such leafes or eftates made for which any fine or income hath been paid or fecured, and without any refpedt had to any former rates or taxes thereupon impofed : which faid fum of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings by the year of the faid true yearly value of the premifles (hall he afleflea, levied and collected in manner hereafter mentioned, and (hall be paid into the receipt of their Majefties exchequer by two equal payments j the first payment thereof to begin and to be made upon the first day of December, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thouund fix hundred eighty and nine.

V.  And whereas many of the manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, tythes, hereditaments or premifles intended by this adt to be cnarged with the pound rate, as aforesaid, ftand in-cumbred with, or are fubjedt and liable to the payment of feve-ral rent-charges or annuities ifliiing out of the fame, or to the payment of divers fee-farm rents, rents-fervice, or other rents thereupon referved, by reafon whereof the true owners and proprietors of such manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles, do not in truth receive to their own ufe the full yearly value of the fame, for which neverthelefs they are by this a& charged to pay the full pound rate of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true yearly value.

VI.  It is therefore declared and enadted by the authority *-forefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the landlords, owners and proprietors of such manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles as are charged with the pound rate as aforesaid, to abate and dedudt, and to retain and keep in his or their hands twelve pence in the pound out of every fee-farm rent, and other annual rent or payment charged upon, or ifliiing out of the premifles, or any part thereof, or thereupon referved; and all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, being indebted in any fum or fums of money upon contraft for inter eft, (hall, for the better enabling them to pay and bear the rates and charges herein before re(pec-tively impofed upon them, be allowed bv virtue of this aft, after tne rate of twelve pence in the pound out of all such intereft money which (hall be paid and grow due for any time between the thirtieth day of November one thousand fix nundred eighty nine, and the thirtieth day of November one thousand fix hundred ninety, by his or their refpctftive creditor or creditors,, out of the debts fo by them owing, as aforesaid, and may, and are hereby enabled to dedu&, retain and difeount the fame, any con-tra& or agreement, mortgage, bond, condition, provifion, or $ther aflurance to the contrary ip any wife notwithftanding j and

Anno prime Guuelmi & Marine. c.4<V [1688.

«11 and every perfon and perlbns who are or (hall be any way^ intituled to such rents and annual payments, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon the receipt of the xefidue of such moneys as fKa.Il be due and payable to them, as aforelaid; and all tenants are hereby laved harmlefs from any further payment of the twelve pence in the pound deducted, Ss fully and amply as if the fame had been paid into his Maje-jefties exchequer, or to such creditor or other perfon to whoa the fame would otherwife have become due and payable.

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. That for the better allelfing, ordering, levying and collecting of the feveral fums of money lo as afarefaid limited and appointed to be paid, and for the more effectual putting offois prefent ad in execution, it fhall and may be lawful for their Majefties to ilfue out, or caufe to be illued out tinder the great leal of England, such and fo many commiflions as their Majefties (hall think fit, and therein and thereby to nominate, conftituteand appoint such and b many perfons being refident, and having real eftates to the value of one hundred pounds a year, in the refpeftive coun* ties or (hires for which they (hall be fo nominated to be com* tnilhoners for putting this prefent aft in execution, and alfb fg many of them to be  of a quorum as their Majefties (hall think, con-

venient for the execution of this aft; which faid commillioners fo as aforelaid to be nominated and appointed, (hall in the re* foeftive counties, cities, boroughs, divifions, towns and places for which they (hall be appointed commillioners refoefthrely, meet together at the moft ufual or common place of meeting within each of the faid counties, cities, boroughs, divifions, towns knd places refpeftively, at or before the third day of  ,

which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, or such other day as their Majefties by their com-mifiian (hall appoint; and foe (aid commillioners, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent at the first general meeting, or foe major part of them, may by their confents and agreements divide as well thernfelves as other the commillioners not then prelent, for foe execution of this aft, in hundreds, lathes; wapentakes, fapes, wants, towns and other places within their limits, privileged or not privileged, in such manner and form as to them (hall feem expedient; and (hall direft their feveral or joynt precept or precepts to foch inhabitants, high conftaUes, petty con* {tables, bailiffs, and other like officers and minifters, and such number of them as they in their diferetions (hall think moft convenient, requiring them to appear before foe faid commiffion-ers at such place and time, not exceeding ten days, as they (hall appoint; and at such their appearances foe faid commilnoncrs (hall openly read or caufe to be read unto them, foe rates and affelfipents in this aft mentioned, and alfo openly declare the effeft of their charge to them, and how, and in what manner they ought and lhpuld make their certificates, and how they ought to proceed in foe execution of this aft, according to the rates aforelaid ■, and if any high conftaUes, petty conftaUes,

bailiffs.

i688.] Anno prano GuliSlmi & Marias. c.ao.

bailiffs, Inhabitants, or other officers or minifters to whom anjy precept (hall be dire&ed, (hall abfent themfelves, without lawful excufe to be made out by the oaths of two credible witneflcs, or if any perfon appearing (hall refufe to ferve, then every such perfon fo making default, or refilling to ferve, (lull every time of such default or refufal, forfeit and lofe unto their Maje-fties such fum as the commiffioners, or the major part of them being prelent, (hall think fit, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings : and at or after such general meeting had, and charge given as aforesaid, the (aid commiffioners (hall take care that warrants be ifiued forth, and directed to two at the leaft of the meft able and diffident inhabitants of each parilh, townfhip or place within their nfjiedive divifions, thereby appointing and requiring them to be afleflors of all and every the rates and duties by this aft impofed, and (hall therein alfo appoint and prefix a certain day and place for the faid afleflors to appear before them, and to bring in their certificates in writing, of the names and limames of every perfon dwelling and refiding within the limits of tbofe places with which they (nail be charged, and of the fub-ilances and values of every of them in goods, chattels, or other perfonal eftate, (dock, upon land, and goods ufed for houfhold-' Huff excepted }or in offices or imployments of profit: and the (aid afleflors are therein alfo to be required, and are hereby en-joyned to ascertain and inform themfelves by all lawful ways and means they can, of the true and full rate and valuation of the true yearly rents and profits of all manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, as alfo all quarries, mines of coal, tin, or lead, all iron-works and (alt-works, allots millet or works, parks, chafes, warrens, woods, underwoods, and copices, filhings, tythes, tolls, and other hereditaments, of what nature or kind foever, fituate, lying and being, happening and arifing within the limits of those places with which they (hall be charged; and bring fo thereof afeertained they are to aflefs all and every the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements and premifies before appointed to be charged after the rate of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true yearly value as the fame are let for, or are worth to be let at the time of the afleffing thereof as aforesaid, and to bring with them at the time and place fo as aforefaid prefixed for their appearance a certificate in writing of the (aid af-feflinent^ and (nail then alfo return the names of two or more able and fufficient perfons living within the limits and bounds of those parifhes, townfhips, conftablewicks, or places where they (hall be chargeable rope&ively, to be collectors of the moneys to be paid to their Majefties by this aft $ for whole paying in to the head collectors in manner hereafter mentioned, such moneys as they (hall be charged withal, the parilh or place wherein they are fo imployed (hall be anfwerable. And if any aflef-ibrs fo as aforefaid appointed or to be appointed (hall negleft or refufe to ferve, or (hall make default at the time appointed for his appearance (not having a lawful excufe to be witnefled by the oaths of two credible witnefles, which oath the faid commit-

(loners.

3

Anno prime Gi/lkelmi & MArijb. c.iq.' [(688*

fioncrs, or any two of diem have power to adminifter) every such afleflor (hall for every such negleft, refufal or default, forfeit and lofe unto their Majefties such fum as the commiflioners (hall think fit, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds: and every afleflor fo as aforefaid appointed or to be appointed, (hall before he take upon him the execution of the'faid imployment take an oath to be adminiftred in thefe words following j

YO U (hall fwear, well and truly to execute the duty of an afleflor, and to cUufe the rates and duties impofed by an aft, intituled. An allfor a grant to their Majejties of an aid of twelve pence in the pound for one  year, for the defence of their

realms, to be duly and impartially aflefled, according to the bed of your (kill and knowledge, and therein you (hall fpate no per-fon for favour or affeftion, nor any perfon grieve for hatred or ill will;  V

So help you God.

Which oath any two commiflioners in the county where the laid afleflment is to be made have hereby power, ana are requir-ed to adminifter.

V1IL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the rates and afleflinents upon all goods, chattels, perfo-nal eftate, offices and publick places and imployments charged by this aft (hall be afcertained, and the certificates thereof returned to the commiflioners upon or before the twelfth day of October, one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, unlefs the com-miflioners (hall think fit to give further time; and alfo the taxations and afleflinents of the pound rate of twelve pence in the pound for every twenty (hillings of the yearly value of all mefliia-ges, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles charged by this aft, (hall be made and afcertained, and the feveral and re-fpeftive certificates thereof returned in to the commiflioners, upon or before the twelfth day of Oflo aforesaid, unlefs the com-miffioners (hall think fit to give further time; and the faid af-feflors are hereby required to give one copy of their certificates, or afleflinents fairly written and fubfcribed by them unto the faid commiflioners by whom they were appointed, and the faid commiflioners or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to caufe the (aid feveral and refpeftive afleflinents to them delivered (if by them approved of) to be fairly written, and to (ign and leal (everal duplicates or copies of the raid afleff-ments, and one of them fo (igned and fealed, forthwith to deliver or caufe to be delivered unto the fubcolleftors; and (hall like wife deliver or caufe to be delivered other copies thereof fo (igned and fealed unto the head colleftors and receivers genera], according to their (everal and refpeftive colleftkms and receipts; and moreover the commiflioners lhall caufe a true copy or ex-traft of the whole fums aflefled and charged within every hundred, lathe, wapentake, pari(h, ward, or place, rated or aflefled

1608.} Anno priffio Gulielmi & Marine. e.ao.

in pursuance of this adt, and of the whole Aims rated or afieflV ed upon pcrfonal cftatcs, offices or employments, to be certified and transmitted into their Majefties court of exchequer, under the hands and feals of any two or more of the commiffioners^ but without naming the perfons in such their certificates; and this the faid commUfioners (hall cauie to be done upon or before the twenty fifth day of Nmember then next enfuing, or within thirty days after, all appeals to them made being firii determined ; and the King’s remembrancer in the exchequer for the time being (hall, and is hereby required within three months after the duplicates of the laft payment (hall be tranfmitted to him, to tranferibe all the fchcdules and duplicates of the films returned to him, from and for every refpedtive county, riding,t city and town, and every hundred, wapentake, parifh, divifion, town and place therein, m a book of parchment, ip alphabetical order, and in a fair legible hand-writing\ and within three months after the fame (hall be fo by him received, (hall tranfmit all and every the fame fchedules and duplicates to the office of the writer of the talleys, commonly called the auditors of the receipt of the exchequer, who is hereby likewife authorifed and required to enter the fame in the like alphabetical order, in another book of parchment fairly written, to be provided for that purpefe.

IX.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall iflue out their warrants or eftreats to the fubcolledtors, under their hands and feals, thereby requiring them to levy and colled* all and every the afieffinents, ana all the moneys and rates due thereupon, according to the duplicate thereof by them received, and according to the intent and fubfequent directions of ’this prefent adt; which faid fubcolledtors are hereby required to demand all and every the rates and stfeflinents herein mentioned, which are laid upon perfons in refpedt of their goods or offices, and to make such demands of the parties themfelves within fix days after the receipt of such warrant, and to levy and pay in the fame, upon or before the feventh. day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundrea eighty nine, or within twenty days after, at such place as the commiflioners (hail appoint, unto their refpedtive head colledtars, who are hereby required to call upon, and haften their fubcolledtors to the faid payment; and at or upon the fourteenth day of November then next enfuing, or within twenty days after, to levy by warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more of the faid commiffioners, by diitrefs upon the fubcolledtors refpedtively, such (urn and fums of money, as by him or them ought to have been

Eiid, and is, or are not paid by reafon of his failure in doing s duty according to the directions of this adt, fo as every head colledtor may make payment unto the receiver general of the faid county, city, or place, the full fums by him to be paid on the thirtieth day of November aforesaid, or within twenty day? after : and the receiver general is likewife required to call upon and haften the (aid head colledtors, and to pay what he (hall fo

receive

Anno prisno GuliKlmi  6c Maria, c.ao, [168H.

receive from the (aid head collectors, into their Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the first day of  aforesaid,

or within thirty days after, to the end that all and every the rates and afleffinents, which fay this aCt are impofed upon any perfon or perlons, in refped of his or their goods and chattels, or offices or employments, may^e fpeedily brought into their Majefties receipt of exchequer, and there pud in upon or before thefaid first day of Dumber, or within thirty days after, atone entire payment. And the laid fubcoUcdors are alfo required and enjoyned to levy one moiety df the pound rate charged upon all memnges, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises, as aforesaid, within fix days after the receipt of such warrants, and to pay the fame unto their refpeCtive head collectors, on or before the feventh day of November aforesaid, or within twenty days after; and the faid head collectors are to haften the faid fubcotleCtors j and in cafe the fame lhall not be collected by rea-Ibn of tiie negleCt or failure of duty in the faid fubcolledors, the laid head collectors are to proceed againft them by diftrefs in like manner, and by like warrant as aforefaid. And every head collector is hereby required to make payment of what lhall be fo levied or received unto the receiver general of the laid county, city or place, upon or before the thirtieth day of November a-forefiud, or within twenty days after; and the receiver general is likewife required to call upon and haften the faid head collectors, and to pay what he lhall receive from the faid head collectors unto their Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the first day of Dumber aforesaid, or within thirty days after, tothe end that the first payment of the laid pound rate of twelve pence in every twenty (hillings yearly, may by that time be fully anfwered and paid in to their Majefties: and the fubcotleCtors mail alfo levy the other moiety of the laid pound rate, charged as aforesaid, upon or before the feventh day of February then next enfaing, or within twenty days after, and lhall alfo pay the lame unto the laid head collectors upon or before the fourteenth day of February aforesaid, or within twenty days after ; and the faid head collectors lhall make payment thereof to the receiver general of the faid county, city or place, upon or before tiie twenty eighth day of February aforesaid, or within twenty days after : and the (aid receiver general is alfo required to make payment of all which he (hall to receive, into their Majefties receipt of exchequer, upon or before the first day of then next enfuing, or within thirty days after, to the end that the fecond payment of the faid pound rate fo charged as aforesaid, may by that time be folly anfwered and pakf in to their Majefties; and all commilfioners, collectors and receivers, are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themfelves with all diligence to the mod fpeedy and effectual execution of their feveral and refpeCtive duties, tnat fo their Majefties fervice herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of their wilful negleCt or defaqlt.

X. And

1688 ] Anno primo Gulieemi Sc Mari c.acw

X.  And it is Aitther enacted and declared by die authority a*> forefaid, That the moneys received bv die fubcolleCtors within the refpedrve diviAons or hundreds, (hall from time to time be duly paid to the head collector, whose receipt (hall be a fuffident difcharge unto every such fubcolleCtor; which fubcolleCtor for gathering the (aid particular Aims, (hall retain in his hands for every twenty (hillings by him (o paid, three pence, as a reward for his pains and fervice; and the head colleAor (hall accordingly pay over the (hid moneys unto the receiver general of each county, dty or place re(peCtively, in manner aroiefaid; which head collector or collectors (hall be nominated and appointed by the receivers general of the refpeCtive counties; which faid receivers general (hall be anfwerable for all such Aims of money as (hall be by him or them collected or received; and that no (ubi colleCtor (hall be enforced to travel above the (pace of ten miles for the payment of the faid moneys that (hall be by him collected or received; and the faid receiver general’s acquittance (hall be a fuffident difcharge unto every such head collector, who (hall retain in his hands for every twenty (hillings fo by him paid one peny, as a reward for his pains and fervice; and the receiver general (hall pay the whole Aims by hiqi received, unto the receipt of thdr Majeffies exchequer, in such manner, and at or before such days and times as are herein before limited, and (hall have an allowance of two pence in the pound for all moneys which (hall be by him paid into the recdpt of the exchequer, upon or before the time prefixed in this aCt. And for the careful writing and tranfcribing the faid warrants, eftreats and duplicates in due time, it is Anther enacted, That the commif-fioners clerks, who (hall refpeCtively perform the fame, (hall by warrant under two or more of the commiffioners hands, have and receive from the refpeCtive head collectors, one peny in the pound of all such moneys as he or they (hall have received by virtue of such warrants and eftreats, who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the fame accordingly; and if any jperfon (hall negleCt or refiife to pay the feversu rates and auemnents wherewith be is charged by this aCt, for or in refpeCt of his goods, chattels, perfonal eftate, offices or employments, and which he ought to pay, if the pound rate, or any payment thereof, fo as aforefaid charged upon any manors, melfuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles (hall be neglected or refuf-ed to be paid, then upon demand made by the officer or collector of the place, according to the precept or eftreat to him delivered by the faid commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such officer or collector, and they are hereby required for non-payment thereof, to diftrain the perfon or perfons fo refuf-ing or negleCHng to pay, by his or their goods or chattels, or to diftrain in and upon the meffiiages, lands and tenements fo charged; and the goods and chattels then and there found, and the diftrefs fo taken, to keep by the fpace of four days at the cofts and charges of the owner thereof; and if the (aid owner do not pav the fum of money due by this aCt, within the faid Voi.lX.  D  (bur

54

Anno prime Gclielmi & Mama. c.20.'  [1688.  |

four days, then the faid diftrefs to be apprised by two or three | of the inhabitants where the laid diftrefe is taken, and there to lj be fold by the faid officer or colle&or, for the payment of the laid money, and the overplus coming by the faid bile (if any be) over and above the charges of taking and keeping the diftreia, to be immediately refloted to the owner thereof: and moreover, ' it ihall be lawful to break open in the day-time any houfe, and upon warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more of 1 the faid commiflioners, any cheft, trunk or box, or other things 1 where goods are, and call to their afliftaace the conftables, | tythingmen, or head boroughs within the counties,' towns or 1 places where any refufal, negledt or refinance Ihall be made; j; which faid officers are hereby required to be aiding and affiffing 1 in the premilfes.  <

XI.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id, 1 That where any perfon or perfons, chargeable With any rata ' or affeflinents by this adk impofed, Ihall be under the age of one and twenty years, there, and in every such cafe the parents, guardians, or tutors of such infants refpe&ively, upon default of payment by such infants, (hall be, and are hereby made liable to and chargeable with the payments which such infants ought to have made; and if such parents, or gjuardians, or tutors, 1 Ihall negledt or refofe to pay as aforelaid, it Ihall and may be I lawful to proceed againft them in like manner, as againft other j perfon or perfons making default of payment, as heron before appointed : and all parents, guardians. Or tutors, making payment as aforesaid, ihall be allowed all and every the films fo paid for fudb infants upon his and their accompt: and the feve-ral and refpedhve tenants of all and every the mefliiases, manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premilfes, which by virtue of this adt (hall be charged with any pound rate, as aforelaid, are hereby required and authorized to pay such futn and fums of money, as (hall be rated upon such mefliiages, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premilfes, and to dedu& out of the rents fo much of the faid rates as in relpedt of the faid1 rents payable for such mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premilfes the landlord mould and ought to bear; and all landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their refpec-tive interefts, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of the refidue of the rents; and every tenant paying the faid afleflinent of the pound rate, Ihall be, and is hereby acquitted and difeharged for fo much money as the 'laid alfeflment Ihall amount unto, as if the fame bad’ been actually paid unto such perfon or perfons unto whom his rent ihould have been due and payable.

XIL And be it further enabled, That every perfon rated ox alfefled for his office or employment, Ihall be rated, and pay for his faid office and-employment in the county, city or place where such office or employment is executed; and every perfon who is or Ihall be rated for, or in refpedl of any perfonal eftate to him any way belonging, Ihall be rated, and the fum or fums on him .  .  or

Anno prinK? Gulielmi & Marl®, c.20.

or her fet, (hall be levied sit fiich places where he or /he with fils or her family (hall be refident at the tithe of the execution of this ad; and all perfons not being hou/holders, not having a certain place of refidence, lhalt be taxed at the place where they are re-lidenr, at the time of the execution ef this aft j and if any per-fon who ought to be taxed by virtue of this ad, (hall at the time of his alftflmenr, for or hi reefed of his ready moneys, or per-fonal eftate, be out of the realm, such perfon (hall be rated therefore m such county, cky or place where he was laft abiding within the realm; and every perfon who (hall be rated or aflefled for or in refped of any meflfages, manors,, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other the premises, according to the pound rate of twelve pence m every twenty (hillings yearly, as aforesaid, (hall be rated and aflefled in the place where (uch meffuages, manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifles refpec-tlvely do lie, and not effewhere.

XIII.  Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons having fevend manfioa houfes or places of refidence, mail be doubly charged by virtue of this ad, for or in refped of his or their perfonat eftate, then upon certificate made by two or more of the commiflioners for the county, city or place (which certificate the (aid commiffiooere are required to give without delay, fee or reward) of his or their laft perfona! refidence, under their hands and feats, ef the fum or fums charged upon him or them, and in what capacity or refped he or they were fo charged; and upon oath made of such certificate before the commiflioners to whom such Certificate (hall be tendred (which oath the faid coni-' miflioners are hereby authofifed to adminifter) then the perfon and perfons fo doubly charged (hall, for fo much as (half be fo certified, be difcharged in every other county, city or place. And if any perfon that ought to be taxed by Virtue of this ad, for or in refped of his perfona! eftate, (hall by changing his place of refidence, or by any other fraud or covin efcape from the taxation, and' not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the commiflioners or any two of them, or before any twojuftices of the peace, of the county where such perfon dwelleth or refideth, at any time within fix months next enfuing, after fetch tax made, every perfon that fhalt fo efcape from the taxation and payment, (hall be charged upon proof thereof, at the double value of (b much as he mould or ought to have been taxed at by this ad $ the faid double value upon certificate thereof made into the .exchequer by the commiflioners of jufticcs before whom filch proof (halt be made, to be levied of the goods, lands and tenements of such perfons towards the fupply aforefaid.

XIV.  And be k further enaded by the authority aforefind. That the commiflioners that (hall be within any county, city or place within their refoedive limits, or the major part of them, (hall rate, tax and aflefs every other commHfioner joyned with them, for and in refped of the goods, chattels, and perfonal eftate whereof such commiffioner (hall be poflefled *, and alfo for and in reaped of the offices and employments of profit, which at

D  2the

36  Anno  primo Gulielmi & Mari^®. c.20. [1688.

Re time of such taxation (hall be held.and enjoyed by such com-^ 4mflioner, To as the refidence and ufual dwelling-place of such commiffioner fo to be taxed, be within the divifion of such com-miifioners by whom he is taxed, and fo as the office or employment held and enjoyed by such commiffioner fo to be taxed, be likewife to be exercifed within the divifion or limits of such com-miffioners, by whom he is to be taxed; and the commiffioners within their divifion (hall alfo aflefs every aflefibr within their divifion, who (hall be poflefled of any goods and chattels, or other perfonal eftate, for which by this a<5 he ought to be rated and aflefled ; and as well all fums upon every the faid commiffioners and afleflors, as the affeflments made and fet by the afleflors aforesaid, (hall be written, eftreated, levied and gathered as it (hould and ought to have been if the (aid commiffioners had not been named commiffioners.

XV.  And be it further enadled and ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all and every perfon and perfons having any (hare or (hares, or intereft in the frerti dream of running-water brought to the north parts of London, commonly called the New River; or in the Thames water-works; or in the Hydt-Park or Maryhone waters, or any rents or profits arifing thereby; and all perfon and perfons having any (hare or intereft in the ftock or (locks for printing of books in or belonging to the houfe commonly called the ICing’s printing-houfe, (hall pay for the fame the fum of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings of the clear yearly value thereof; and that all companies of merchants in London charged by this a<ft, (hall be aflefled by the commiffioners to be nominated and appointed for the faid city, or any three of them, for their refpedtive joynt ftock and (locks; and all and every perfon and perfons having any (hare or (hares, or intereft in die New River water brought to the north parts of London., or in the Thames water-works, qr the Hyde-Party or Marybone waters, or any rents or profits arifing thereby charged by thisa&j and alfo the faid ftock and (hares for printing, as atorefaid, (hall be aflefled for the fame in like manner by the faid commiffioners or any three of them, after the rates herein contained; and the fame (hall be paid to such perfon or perfons, as the faid commiffioners (hall appoint, by . the governors and treafurers of the faid refpeftive companies, and by the treafurers of the faid river-water and water-works, and ftock for printing, and be deduced at and out of their next dividends.

XVL Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the feveral rates and . taxes, to which the lords and peers of this realm, (hall be liable by virtue of this adt, for or in refpedl of their perfonal eftates and offices, (hall be received by a colledlor, to be nominated by the peers ; which faid colledlor (hall caufe the fame to be paid into their Majeflies receipt of exchequer at ltejlrmnjlery upon or before the first day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, or within thirty days after.

XVII. Pro-

1688.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Maria.' c.20.

XVII.  Provided alfo, That this aft (hall not extend to the inhabitants of Scotland, Inland, Jerfey or Guemfey, for or concerning any such perfonal eftate aforesaid, which they, or any to their ufe, have within the places aforefiud, or to any who having been inhabitants of Ireland, and have fled into this kingdom, fince the first day of November one thousand fix hundred eighty eight, for or concerning any perfonal eftate which they, or any to their ufe have in this kingdom of England, or in the faid kingdom of Ireland \ and if any perfon or perfons certified, afTefled or rated, for or in refpeft of any real or perfonal eftate, or for or in refpeft of any matter or thing, for which by this aft he or they may be rated or charged, do find him or themfelves a-grieved with such aflefling or rating, and do within ten days after demand thereof made, complain to the commiffioners, the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them (whereof one of the commiffioners who figned or allowed his or their rate to be one) (hall and may within fourteen days after such complaint, particularly examine any perfon or perfons upon his or their oath (other than the party complaining:) touching the value of his or their real or perfonal eftate, and other the matters aforesaid, and upon due examination, or knowledge thereof, abate, defalk, increafe or enlarge the faid afleffinent; and the fame fo abated, increafed or enlarged, (hall be certified or eftreated by them into the exchequer in manner aforefaid ; and to that end the faid commiffioners are hereby required, to meet together for the determining of such complaints and appeals accordingly.

XVm. And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any afteflor, colleftor, receiver, or other perion appointed by the commiffioners, (hall wilfully negleft, or refufe to perform his duty in the due and fpeedy execution of this aft, the faid refpeftive commiffioners, or any three or more of them, may and (hall, by virtue of this aft, impofe on such perfon and perfons, fo refuting or neglefting their duties, any fine not exceeding the fum of five pounds for any one offence, the fame to be levied and certified as aforesaid, into his Majefties court of exchequer, and charged upon the refpeftive receiver general a-mongft the reft of the rates aforefaid j and the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, may or (hall from time to time call for, and require an accompt from the refpeftive receiver •general, of all the moneys received by him of the faid head col-leftors, and of the payment thereof into his Majefties receipt of exchequer* according to the direftion of this aft; and in cafe of any failure in the premifles, the (aid commiffioners, or any two or more ofvthem, are hereby required to caufe the fame to be forthwith levied, and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this aft ; and in cafe of any controverfie anting between the faid commiffioners, concerning any rates or afleff-ments to be laid by virtue of this aft, the commiffioners that frail be concerned therein (hall have no voice, but frail withdraw during the debate of such controverfie, until it be deter-piincd by the reft of the commiffioners ; and all queftions and '  D 3  dif*

,3*

Annp prkuQ Guj.ielmj & Marine, c.29. {168S.

differences that (hall arife touching any of the (aid rates, taxes, afteiTments or levies, (hall be heard and finally determined by two sr more of die commilfioners, upon complaint thereof to them made, by any perion or perions thereby grieved, without further trouble or fuit in law j and the faid receivers general (hall give acquittances gratis to the (aid head collectors, for ajl moneys of them received) and the faid head collectors (bajl alfo give acquittances gratis to the tobcolledtors, for all such moneys as (hall he paid by them in purfuance of this a£t; and the (aid fubcollcctors (hall make and deliver to. the faid head collectors, a perfect fcfaedule fairly written in parchment under their hands and feals, ftgned and allowed by any two qr more of the refpeCtive commiflioners, containing the names, firnanves, and places of abode, of every perfon within their ,re-(peCtive collection, that (hall make default of payment of any of the fums that (hall be rated or aflefied on such perfon by virtue of this aCt, where no fufikient diftrefs is to be (bund, and not othprwife, and the fum and toms charged on every Cucljperibn j the fame (chedule (p be delivered by the head coUedtor to the receiver general of the county, city or place refpeCtivrfy, to be by him returned into their Majefi:ie6 court of exchequer, where* upon every perfon fo making default of payrqent may be charged by procefe of the court, according to the oourie of the-court of exchequer in toch cafes,

XIX.  Aid be it further enadled by the authority aforefak). That no letters patents granted by their Majeftie$,or any qf their royal progenitors, to any perfon or periods, cities, boroughs or towns corporate within this realm, of any manner of liberties, prrv Hedges, or exemptions from fubfidies, tolls, taxes, atfeflmcnts or aids, (hall be conftrued or taken to exanpt any perfon or. perfons, city,, borough or town corporate, or any the inhabitants of the fame, from the burthen and charge of any

. fum or toms of money .granted by this a& $ but that all and every such perfon and perions, city, borough and town corporate, (hall pay their proportions of all rates and aflefiinents by this prefcnt aCl impofed (any such letters patents, grants or charters, or any daufe of run  matter or thing therein

contained, or any law, ftatufe, cuftom or prescription, to the contrary notwithftanding.)  •

XX.  Provided alio, That no perfon inhabiting in any city, borough or town corporate, (hall be compelled to be any afieflor or colledor of, or for any part of the rates and afiefiinents hener by granted, in any place or places out of the limits of the faid borough or town corporate.

XXI.  Provided alfo. That nothing in this adt contained (haU be extended to charge any college or hall in either of the uni-verfities, or the colleges of Windfor, , Winton or JVeJl-minjler,, or any hofpitals pr almihoufes, or any free fchool, for or. in refpedt of the kites of the faid colleges or halls, or hofpitals, or almihoufes, or (fee fchool, or any ro after, fellow, or fcbolar of any toch college or hall, pr in any other (fee fchools,

or

i68$.] Anno piimo Guliblmi & Marijb. c.ao.

or any reader, ofccer or mihiAer of the fsud univerfities, coNeges or fchoofe, or of any atafmen of any hofpitals or almfhoufct, for or in nrfpeft of any ftipeod, wage* or profits whatfoever, anting or growing due to foam in refpaft of the faid feveral places and employments in the faid univerfities, colleges, halls, fchools, hofpitals or almfhoufct, nor to charge any of the boufes or fends belonging to Cbn/Ft hofoital, or the hofoitals of Saint Bartholomew, BridrmU., Saint Thomas, and Btmtbm hofpital within the city of London and borough of Southwark, or any of them, o fto any college or hall in either of the univerfities, or to the colleges of Eatao, Wmcbefttrat Wtjimnflor, or to ant hofpital, aim them fit or free fchool whatfoever, for or in refpea of any cents or revenues payable to the find hofpitals, being to be received end diflsurfcd for the immediate ufie and relfcr of the peer in the.fiud hofpitals.

XXIL Provided, That no tenants of any lands or houies, by leafe or gnat from any of the find hofpitals, colleges, halls, aunthoufos or five fchools (hah daim or enjoy any freedom or exemption by this aft, bat that all the'houies and lands which they fir hola, fiudl be rated for fit much as they ore yearly worth, over and sbove the tents referred and payable to the find hofpitals, colleges, halls, ahnlhoofeg or free fchools,

XXliI. Prevideo alfe, That where any perfon inhabiting within the city of London, at any other city or town corporate, hath hie dwenfog-houfe in one retire primes and wards therein, and bath any goods, wares or merchandizes chargeable by this tfi, in one or more of the other parilhes or wards, in the fitme ckyi That then' fitch perfen IhaJl be charged, taxed and aflbfibd for foch hit goods or merchandizes, in the parifh or ward where he dweUeth, and not elfewbere in the laid city.

XXIV.  . Provided always, and be it further declared and rnaftad fay the authority aforesaid, • That for the avoiding afi obflru&ions and delays in afieffing and collecSmg the rams which fay this ad are to be rated and afiefled, all (daces, con-ftablewicks, divifions and allotments, which have ufed to berated and afiefiod, fltall pay and be afiefled in foch county, hundred, rape, wapentake, conftabiewick, divifion, place and allotment as foe feme hath heretofore ufually been afiefled in, and not elfewhere.

XXV.  Provided always, and be far further enaftod. That in cafe ahy lands or houies in any pariih, place or confoiblewick, fhali lie-unoccupied, and no difirefles can be found on foe fame, nor foe perfim of the true owner or proprietor can be found within the faid county, by reafon whereof the rate and afleiT-ment upon fiich unoccupied lands cannot be levied. That then upon complaint thereof made to the commiflioners, for foe county where foch cafe'lhall happen to be, the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, (hall certific into their Majdfies court of exchequer, the name of foe perfon whole land or houfe fo lieth unoccupied, together wkh the fum thereupon afiefled, ?nd foe parifh or place where foch land lieth j which certificate

40  Anno  prirao OiiLiELMr &Mari*, c.20. [1688  |

u hereby declared to be a fufficient charge upon the perfon and ! land therein named, and (hall makethe perfon debtor to their | Majcfties for the fum fo affefled; and the court of exchequer ^ fbaU iffqe out procefe thereupon agtinft the body, goods, and pH other the lands of such debtor, until the fum fo afiefted be 1 fully and effectually levied and paid to their Maiefties.  1

XXVI,  And it is hereby further roadbed and declared. That at the expiration of the refpedbive times in this aft prefcribed, for the full payment of the (everaland refpedbive rates and afleff-ments herein before granted, the feveral and refpedbrc com-puffioners, pr any two or more of them, within their dmfion and hundred, (hall and are hereby required to call before them, the chief collectors and fobcdleoors within each refpeCtive di-yilion and hundred, to examine and affure themfelvcs of the full and whole payment of the particular fum and fums of mo-pey charged within and upon the faid divifion and hundred, and every pariQi. and place therein, and of the due return of the fame into the hands of the receivers general of the had /county, city, town and plane respectively, and by such receiver general to the receipt of ids MajeAy’s exchequer, to the end )here may be no future in . the payment of any part of the rates and affcrnnpnu, which by this aCt ought to be levied and paid * and in cafe of any failure in the premises, the commiflioners, or any two of them, are to caufe the fame forthwith to be levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt.

XXVII.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadbed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon and perfons to gdvance and lend unto their Majcfties upon the fotutity of this aCt, any fum or fume of monqy, and to have and reoetve for the /prbearance thereof, after the rate of (even-pounds by the hundred for one whole year, and no more, direCUy or mdircCUy; /and moreover, that no money fo lent upon the fccurity of this aCt, (hall be rated or a defied by virtue of this aCL And to die end that all moneys which (hall be lent unto their Majcfties upon the credit of this aCt, may be well and fufficiently fccured put of the moneys aiding and payable by thiaaCl,

, XXVIII. Be it further enadbed by the authority afordaid. That there (hall be provided and kept in their Majcfties exchequer, (That is to fay) in the oflkje of the auditor of die receipts , one book or regifter, in which all monies that (hall be paid into the exchequer by virtue of this aCt, (hall.be- entred and regiftred apart and diftinCt from all other monies paid or payable tp their Majcfties upon any other branch of their Ma-jefties revenue, or upon any other account whatfoever; and that all and eyery perfon and peifons who (hall lend any money to their Majefties upon the credit of this adt, and pay die fame into the receipt of the exchequer, (hall immediately nave a talley oflpan ftruck for the feme, and an order for his repayment bearing the fame date with his taUey $ in which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance,

after

4*

'  i688.]  Anno  primo  Gulielmi  &  Mari/b.  c.20.

1  after the rate of (even pounds tent,  , for his con-

<  ftderation, to be paid every three months, until repayment of

1  his principal; and that all orders for repayment of money (hall

1  be regiftred in courfe, according to the date of the talfey re-

1 fpe&ively, without preference of one before another, ana that all and every perfon and perforts (hall be paid in courfe, accord-1 ing as their orders (ball ftand entred in the faid regifter bode j id as that the perfon, native or foreigner, his executors, ad-miniftratort and affigns, who (hall have Ids order or orders first entred in the faid book of regifter, (hall be taken and ac-counted as the ftrft perfon to be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue of this adt 5 and he or they who (hall have hi* or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and account* ed to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in by‘this adt, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtion of the (aid refpedivt parties, their executors, adminiftrStors or affighs fucceffively! without preference of one before another, and not ethefwife, and not to be divertiMe to any other ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever , and that no fee, reward or gratuity, diredtly or in-diredHy, 'be demanded or taken of any their Majefties (ubjeds, for providing or making of any ftich books, regifters, entries, view or fearch, iA or for payment of‘money lent, or the in-tereft, as aforesaid, by any of their Majefties officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain ofpayment of treble damages to the party-grieved by the party offending, with cofts of fuit; or if the omcer hhnfeff take or aemand any foch fee or reward, then to- lofe his place a)fo; and-if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any luch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adtionof debt, or bn the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, damages and cofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from his place or Office; and if foch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or cterkt without direction or privity of his mafter, then foch deputy or cleric only (hall be liable to foch adtion, debt, damages and cofts, and (hall be for ever after un-capable of' his place or office; and in cafe the auditor (hall not diredt the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to-each perlon’s due place and order as afore diredted, then he or they (full be judged to forfeit, and their refpedtive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to foch adtion, debt, damages and cofts, in foch manner as a-forefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerics, fhaH and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at WtfimtifUr, wherein no cflbin, pro-tedHon, privilege, wager of law, injunction or order of re-ftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed,

- XXIX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That

* *

il

Anno prime<>0uelmi & ^Laslix, -c,ao. [1688.

if it happen that favaral tallies of loan, or order? for payments, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to he regftred, then it (hall be interpreted do undue preference which of foofa ha enters foil, fo he eater* them all the fame day.

. XXX. Provided alio. That it (hall not be interpreted any \mdue preference to incur any penalty fo point of payment, if the auditor dkeft, and the clerk of the pells record, and the teller do pay fobfeqpent orders of perfons that come, and demand their money, a*d bring their orders befose other per ions that did pot some to demand their money, and bring their order in their eaurft, fo as foere be fo utuen money sefopved as will fatisfy precedent opdets, which (hall not he otberwifo dif-poled, but kept for them, (intereft upon loan befog to ceafo 6pm the tune the money is fo mforved and kept in bank for ibem.)

XXXI.  .And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfeft. or perfous'to whom tiny money (hall be due .by virtu* of this act, after order entced in the book of wgifter afoifoaid for payment thereof, his executors, admipifirafars or jdfigns, ,hy indorfomeat of bfoopder may affign and fomsfor hi*

. fight, title, intereft and benefit of foch order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified fo the office-fifth* auditor of receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof fho made in foe book of regifter aforefaid for .orders (which the officer* (hall upon mqueft, without foe or charge, accordingly make) (ball entitle foch affigoae, his epcpcutpiu, adHkniftrators gnd affigns, fo.tha benefit thereof, and payment foarconr) nod foch affignm may fo hke manner affigo again, ondfo itti*s fas-fit} I and afterwards it (hall not be fo the power of foch porfop or perfons who have made foch alignment*, to make void, yeleafe or djfcharge foe fame, or any the monies thndy due, or part thereof.

XXXII.  And be k further drafted by the authority afora-faid. That if any aftfon, foit, plaint or information (hail be commenced or profacuted againft any parfon or pofops, for what he op they (hall dp in purfuance, or fo.ffuecution of this aft, foch perfon or peefops fo fued fo any court whatfoever, (hall and may plead the general iflbe, not guilty, and upon any iffiie joined, may give this aft, and the (pepial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or pmfecutor (bail become nou-fok, or forbear further profecutton, or foffer difoontmuance, or if, a verdjft pafs- againft. him, the defendants (hall rooover their treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, *s in cafe where cofts by law are giyen to the defendants.

XXXIII.  Provided always, and he it enafted. That every rate, fox or afieflinsnt which (hall be made 01 impofad by virtue pf this aft of parliament, in refpeft of any hpuie or tenement which an ambeffador, refident, agent, or other publick mint, fter of any foreign prince Of Ifofo now doth, or (hall here,

• • •  tfw?

i68&.] Abho prifflp QpLjpjftAJ & MAQ.i<?.

after inhabit or occnpy, (hall be paid by die landlord or owner of the faid houfe or tenements respectively.

XXXIV.  And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

faid. That in all privileged and other places, being extraparo-chial, or not within any die conftabiewioka or prednfts of the relpeftivc aflefibrs, to be appointed by virtue of this aft (ft- ^ though in soy moodily or other tax they have not been aljeffisd " or rated heretofore) the firid cffipraiffionprs, or any two or mote of them (hall, and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit perfons living in or near the laid privitedged or other places, as aforesaid, to be .aflefibrs for die (aid places* and to make and return their affeffinentsin like manner as by this aft is appointed in any jwri<b, tythfog, or place, and abb to appoint one or popup oqijleftorr, who are hereby required to colled and pay *hs bam sopurdine to. the rules appointed by this a ft for collefting and paying sul fums of moosy payable by tins aft.  ...

XXXV.  Provided always. That nothing in this aft con-

tained (hail be cqnfirued to alter, change, .determine,- or make. yoid any cootra^StiPOVfnants or agreements whatsoever hetwocn ' the.landlord and ffin#prti touching the- payment of.taxes pcufi-Defimenta y any- dung herein before mentioned to the contrary notwifhftandiwb*  •  :

XXXVI.  Provided ft ways, and be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. That no oammifikmer or eoffunMioncsa who (hall be employed >n die execution of this aft, (h*H be liable for, or by maun of (neb mmmtioji to any of the penalties mentioned in an pft mads the five and twentieth year of King

Charles die Second, Pet 4bf preventing  which  maybeppn

from pqpijb ncukafrm . •  . • . , . >

XXXVII- Provided always* and bo it enafted by the aui-thqrity aftwefaid, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our I«ord one thoufond fix hundred eighty and nine, the offices* of the receipt -of their Majdhei exchequer, (hall and may roepiye and take for their fees, three farthings in the pound, and no more, for all, or any (urn or fums of money to be iflupd or paid to any of their Mftefties gsrrifons, or- other land forces, out of the monies arifing by. an aft intituled, Jti aS for the granting a prefmtad to their Aa aft intituled, An e£i for rtifieg psoneybj a poiL, ami itbenvife, towards -the reducing of Ireland, and by this prefcne aft, or any other aft to be granted or made dunog this prdent -feflion of parliament.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further eaafted by the authority aforefaid. That an accotnpt (haH be giyen ana made unto the commons ip-parliament rambled, of and for all and every fum and (bms of money whatfosver, that (hall be collcfted, levied and paid to the ufe of their Majefties by virtue of this present aft, or of any other aft or aft* made or palled, or to bp mads or palled at any time or times during this prelent feffiona of parliament.  ...

CftP.

Anno piimo Gulielmi & MarIje. c.21.  [1688.

execute the power of chancellor.

CAP. XXI. .

An a8 for enabling lords for the great feal to execute the office of lord chancellor or Uyrd Keeper.

WHEREAS their mod excellent  King William

Queen Mary have thought fit that the office of the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feed of England be executed by commiffionersappointed for the fame under the great ftal of England : And whereas  fevered , jurifditlions, and  ,

are by feveral  a£ts of parliament, and ,  , ,  and

placed in the lord chancellor of England, or lord keeper of the great yw/c/England for the time being: Now for the preventing of all doubts and queftions that may arife, whether all or any of those authorities, jurifdiftions,' ana powers may be exercifed by such fommifJiQners:

Commiffion- II. Be it enadted.and declared, and it is hereby enacted and «rs of the declared by the King’s and Queen’s irioft excellent majefties, gt.atfea. way^d by with the advice and cOnfent of the-lords fpiritual * * and temporal, and cortiafbns, in this ptefeht parliament aflem-bled, and by authority of the fame, ThStTfach commiffioners for the time being may ufe and exercife at all times according to their commiffions, as of right belonging to,the lords cotn-miffioriers of the great ftal of Englandjat the time being, all and every the dime and like offices, authority,'jUttfifiAion, and execution of laws, and all other cuftoms, privileges, emoluments, .and advantages, which the lord fchandeOor of England, nr lord keeper of the great feal of England fat the time bang, of right ought to have, ufe, or execute, as belonging to their, or either of their faid offices, or otherwife howfoever, to all intents end purposes, as if the- faid lords commiffioners for the time bang were lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of Their place. England, and lhall have, and take place next after the peers of "  this realm, and fpeaker of the houfe of commons, unlefs any of

them lhall happen to be a peer, and then to take place according to his peerage.

One com- • III* Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority miffionermayaforefaid. That anyone eommiffioner (in the abfence of the hear motions, others) may hear motions, and give orders aiid directions touch-*c*  ing the interlocutory proceedings in any carafe* fo as fetch one

eommiffioner in the abfence of the others lhall not make any decrees, or put the great feal to any thing whatibever, whereunto the whole broad feal ought to be affixt, unlefs there be two commiffioners prefent.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the nominating and appointing, of the euftos rottdorum, throughout all the mires and counties of> this realm, is and lhall be as is directed by a ftatute made in the thirty feventh year of Henry the Eighth, intituled, A bill for euftos rotulorum, and the clerkjbipof tqt peace; any law, ulage, or ftatute to the -contrary in any wife notwjthlUndjng,

7  V, Art

Qtflti ratuh-rum, how to be chofen.

IX Hen. 2. c. 1.

1688.] Anno primo Guliilmi & Maria, c.at.*  45

V.  And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, cleric of the That the cufits rotukrum, or other perfon, to whom of right it peace how to doth or (hall belong to nominate or appoint the clerk of the r£*?po‘nte^‘ peace for any county, riding, division, or other place, (half, tMtliew4*6* from time to time, where the office of the clerk of the peace

now is, or hereafter (hall be void, nominate and appoincone able and fufficient perfon rcfiding in the Gud county, riding, divifion, or other place, for which he is fo appointed or to be appointed clerk of the peace, to execute the fame by himfelf or his fufficient deputy, and to take and receive the lees, profits, and perquifites thereof, for lb long time only as such clerk Of the peace (hall well demean himfelf in his fiua office.

VI.  And be it enadted by the authority aforefald, That if juftices of any clerk of the peace already nominated or to be nominated, peace mag as aforefeid, (haU miidcinean himfelf in the execution of the

(aid office, and thereupon a complaint and charge in writing of th*

fuch mifdemeanor (hau be exhibited againft him to the juftices peace*

of the peace in their general quarter feffions, it (hall be lawful

for the faid juftices, or the major part of them, from time to

time, upon examination and due proof thereof, openly in their

fjid general quarter feffions, to Impend or difchaige him from

the laid office; and that in such cafe the cujlos rotulorum, or ^*0 fhaH no-

other perfon, to whom it (hall of right belong to nominate and SSTvacancy.

appoint the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, divifion,

or place, (hall nominate and appoint one other able and fufficient

penon rcfiding in the faid county, riding, divifion, or place, as

aforefaid, to be clerk of the peace in the place of such perfon fo

amoved, as aforefaid; and in cafe of refiifal or negledt to make

fuch nomination and appointment, before the next general

quarter feffions to be holden after the faid refufal, that it (hall

and may be lawful for the faid juftices of the peace, at their

general quarter feffions for the faid county, riding, divifion, 0^

place, or the major pan of them, to nominate and appoint one

able and fufficient perfon rcfiding in the laid county, riding, di«-

vifion, or place, to be clerk of the peace in the place of foch

perfon fo amoved, as afordaid, to have, hold, and enjoy the

(aid office of clerk of the peace, and to execute the feme by

himfelf, or his fufficient deputy, and to receive the fees, profits,

and perauifitrs thereof.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority New clerk of aforefaid. That he (hall be liable and fubjedt to all the penalties, the peace forfeitures, conditions, limitations, and provifions herein and Jjajifetope-hereby mentioned and exprefled, and trtay be amoved or dif- •“‘t**** **• charged by. the faid juftices, or the mayor part of them, in

fuch manner and way as is above fpedfica.

VIII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,  /»-

That it lhall not be lawful for any cujios rotulorum, or other rum, &c. (ball perfon, to whom of right it doth or (Kail belong to nominate,take »« eledt, or appoint any clerk of the peace, to fell the faid place of

clerk of the peace, or to take any bond or other affitrance to receive or have any reward, money, fee, or profit, diredtly or

indiredUy,

Anno primo Guliilmi  c. li. [<688.

ihdireSly, to him or any other perfon, for fitch nbdrtnatihg. Penalty upon electing, or appointing, bat that every fach tnflts tetuiotkm, or bower amt  other perfon that fluw fb fell the cterkfhfe of the peace, and

feller.  eVery clerk of the peace, who fhall fo buy mb piaoe, are hereby

difabied. to hold their places of atftos ntuhrvmj t>r cltfkth'ip of the peace, and (hail alio each of them refbeAitdy forfeit double the him or value of other thing that (hall be lb given or taken, to be recovered by him or them to their own tile that fhafl foe for the lube, , to be profecuted by aiw action of bt, fair, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their MajdtiCB courts at WefinAnfltry wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager Of law fhall lie.

Cleric of tbe IX. And be it farther eroded by the authority afortfaid, 5f*?»i° t^te That every clerk of the peace, before he aster noon the execu-eo owing ^0Q fry office, (hall in open feffions nice the oath follow- , ing,  viz.

1A.B. dt Jtottr, Thdt Ihuvtnoti tut will fitfrt er

of money, or other reward  , net given day Pend or

ether offitronteto fay aty money , profit dtretlfy er ftmrefffy » any perfon or per font vMtrifite

$o help me God.

Mot to extend X. Provided always. That nothing in this aCt contained (hall to  Lanta/Ur.any  ways afieft or relate to the clerk of the peace for the duchy

and county palatine of Lancq/ler only \ which laid clerk of the peace holds his faid office for lives, by grants from his late Ma-jefty King Charles the Second, as his predcceflbi*s in the (aid place have done, from former Kings and Queens of this realm, in right of their duchy aiid county palatine aforefaid. This aft to commence from the fail day or May, one thouland fix hundred eighty nine.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for the exportation of Peer, ok, , mum.

FOR the advancement ef trade, and encouragement of tillage and ‘ vumufalture of this realm, be it tnafted by the King’s and Queen's molt excellent Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in .. . parliament aflembted, and by the authority of the fame, That be exported/ 'pom an<* a^er t^ie twenty mnrth of June, in the year of our ^  *  Lord  one  thousand fix hundred eighty nine, it (halt and may be

lawful for any perfon in any fea port, of Upon any navigable river, to export and (hip off a$ merchandize, within* any of the ufual and allowed ports by law, and at the common keys for exportation Und lading on board of merchandize, or keys to be appointed for that purpose, and within the ufual hours of ex-cife, for account of himfelf or any other (to be exported into foreign parts) in the prafiMtce of a fworn gager, or other fvvom bfficer to be appointed by the farmers,1 oommifltoners or fub-cammiffioners of their Majefttes exdfe, upon notice thereof to

them

47

1688.] Am? porno Golielmi & Maria, e.23. them given at the office of excite, within the limits whereof the laid ale, beer, cyder, and mum, was Viewed or made, of the refpedtive port or place whence the fame (hall be (hipped, any fort of ftroAg ale, ftrong beer,' cyder, or mum, tobe 'pent beyond the Teas, paying cuftom for die feme after the rate of one ^ coftom. (biding for evqry ton, which- (hall bo-ej^otted m any Enghjb at foreign veflel, and no more at other duty what(oever» which bid gagpr or officer aforefoid (hall certify die quantity Of the foid beer, ale, cyder, or mum (hipped off, to the commiffiooero and officers of excife, where the entry thereof (hall be -made, who are hereby required to make allowance, or repay the ex- Excife repaid, cife of the- beer, ale, cyder, or mum fo exported, unto the brewer or maker thereof, within one month after such exportation, deducting three pence prr ton for the charges of their officers*)

And no more.

II.  And be k further enadtedby the authority aforefoid, That-PeM,ty upon

if any merchant or mailer of any (hip or veflel, or other perfon^jr™*"* (hall cattle or fuffer any of the foid liquors to (hipped in any *  *’

veflel, as merchandise, to be unthipped, unladen, and laid on

land, or put into any other (hip or veflel, within the kingdom of E/fgland, dominion of fFales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, he or they (hall forfeit the fame, and fifty pounds of lawful-money of England more for evesy calk be or they (hall fo unduly land, or putaboord any veflel, to be recovered in any of his Mapfty’s courts of record* by information, bill, or plaint; the one moiety of winch forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of the King’s and Queen's moft excellent majefties, the other moiety totne informer or profecutor. And to the intent their Majefties duties of excife may not be prqudieed for such beer, ale, cyder. Ale,;fee. (pent or mum, as (hall be fpent on Qiipboard, their Majefties com- on ““P®03™* miffibners and officers of the cuftoms are hereby required and enjoined to charge every maftxr of any (hip or veflel in his victualling biH with fo much beer, ale, cyder, or mum, and no more, as such number of men ufe to (pend in such voyages; the .excife whereof to be recovered according to- the laws and rules already eftablHhed.

III.  And be it (hither enadted by the authority aforefoid, Cuftom bow That the aforefoid rate of one (hilling the ton for beer, ale, cy- levied* der, and mum to be exported, as aforefoid, (hall be levied and

paid under such rules and penalties, and for such time, and in such manner, as by the laws of tonnage and poundage are ordained.

IV.  Provided always* and be if enadted by die authority Excife, &c. foe aforefoid, That no mum imported, from foreign parts, during foreign mum the continuance of this ad, (hall have any part of the duty ofnoc repaid, cuftom or excife, which was paid at the importation thereof,

repaid upon exportation; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwdtbftanding.

cap. xxm.  .  MC#pm_,

Aft afi for reviving two’former aft* for exporting of leather.  , j»c. s. c. jj.

Revhndfmr jknr )tart,  a dntj. 9 Am. c. 4. £ 4. and bf

1 Geo. 1. c. j. f. 1.

CAP.

48

Anno prirfto GolIelM! & Mari*. c.24.  [1688.

Additional exdfe upon ale, &c. given for three years.

The duties appropriated by €. it* of tbu feffion to the payment of 6oo,oool. to the fates general, and the refidue by k M. c. 10.

£ ». to other ufes.

Beer or ale above 6s. the barrel od. a barrel.

Beer or ale 6s. the barrel, or under 3d. a barrel.

Vinegar of

Emltjh inate-rrxU is. 6d. a, barrel.

CAP. XXIV.

An alt for an additional duty of exdfe Upon beer, die, and other liquors.

WE your Majefties ifioft dutiful and loyal fabjefts, the comihons aflembled in parliament, taking into ferious confideration the great and urgent occafictas, which do prefs your Majefties to an extraordinary expence of treafufe for the defence of your kingdoms and dominions againft invafiort, and for prcfcrving to your faid fubjefts the intercourfe Of trade, for which purpole your Majefties have found yourfelves obliged to equip and fet out to fea a royal navy, and to make and main-taih a war againft the French King j and in moft thankful acknowledgement of your Majefties tender care of the welfare of your people, have cneerfully and unanifnoufly given and granted, and do hereby give and grant to your Majeftie*, the Several additional rates and duties of excife herein aftet mentioned: And do moft humbly befeech your Majefties that it may be enafted:

II. And be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Majefties, by and with the advice and confebt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeat parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the four and twentieth day of July, which (haU be in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred eighty and nine, there (hall be throughout your Majefties kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto your Majefties and your fuccef-fors, during the fpace and term of three years, from the four and twentieth day of July aforesaid, and no longer, for beer, ale, cyder, and other Tumors herein after exprefled, by way of excife, over and above all other duties, charges, and impofitions by any former aft or afts fet and impofed, and in manner and form following ; that is to fay, for every barrel of beer or ale, above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty of excife, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpeftively, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, over and above the duties already payable for the fame, nine pence; for every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or~tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the faid common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpeftively as aforesaid, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, over and above the duty already payable for the fame, three pence; for every barrel of vinegar or vinegar-beer brewed, or made of any EngUJb materials by any common brewer, or any otjier perfon for (ale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo

pro-

49

Anno primp Guuelmi & Maria, c.24.

proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the duties of excife already payable for the fame, one (hilling fix vineearof fo-pence; for every barrel of vinegar, or liquor prepared for vine- rtigumateri-gar made-here tor fale, of any foreign materials or any mixture apf**. a bar-with foreign materials, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo rel-proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, four (hillings; Beer, ale, or for every barrel or beer, ale, or mum, imported from beyond ™um ‘“P01"1* the fcas^ smd fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, *” 3‘-abirr* * to be paid by the importers before landing, over and above the duties already payable for the fame, three (hillings; for every Cyder or per-tun of cyder or perry imported from beyond the feas, and (o *7 imported proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be. paid by the **• * importer before landing, over and above the duties already payT, able for the lame, four pounds j for every gallon of (ingle . brandy, foirits, or Aqua vita imported from beyond the (eas, to single brandy be paid by the importer before landing, oyer and above the Imported a*, duties already payable for the lame, two (hillings; for every *e gallon of brandy, fpirits, or Aqua vita, above proof, commonly ^^rotted" called double brandy, imported from beyond the feas, to be paid 4I a gallon, by the importer before landing, over and above the duties al- Cyder and ready payahle for the fame, four (hillings; for all cyder and perry retailed perry made and fold by retail, upon every hogihead, to be paid.j^L^jye by the retailer thereof, over apa above the dpties already pay-; able for the fame, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler meafure, one dulling.three pence; for all metheglin or mead Metbeglinor made for (ale, whether by retail or otherwife, to be paid bythe mead 3d. the maker, for every gallon three pence.  gallon.

1IL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Dinner.

That if any difliller or maker of any low wipes uiall at any time after, the twentieth day of July, one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, after an account hath been taken by the gager of the quantity of his low wines, fell, difpofe of, or remove the £une, or any part thereof, without diftilling or drawing it off a fecond time, every such difliller or maker of low wines, for every gallon fo fold, difpofed of, or removed, (hall forfeit the fum of five (hillings, to be levied in planner as any penalties or forfeitures are leviable by any a& relating to the revenue of excife.

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the feveral rates and duties of excife, hereby impofed on wlUaed. the liquors afordaid, (hall be raifed, levied, colleaed, recovered, gnd paid unto their Majefties, and their fucceffors, during the tipif before mentioned, and in the fame manner and fortp, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled, and direded in and by one ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An ail uCar^.c *4* for taking away  thocourt of wards and live, and tenures in Ca*

pite and by knights  fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue

upon bis Majtfiy in lieu thereof: and alfo in and by one other ad of parliament made in the fifteenth year of bis faid Majesty’s ijCm i. c.rt. Vo&. IX.  ..£  reign.

Anno primo Gulielmi & MaRIje; c.24;  [16B0

reign, intituled, An additional aft for the better ordering and collecting the duties of excife, and preventing the abufes therein, or in either of them, or by any other law now in force, relating to the revenue of excife, not otherwife herein and hereby altered and provided againft..

V. And for the avoiding all uncertainty, and all diff rentes and di/putes, which of late have been between the gagers and the brewers, victuallers, retailers, and other perfons chargeable with the duties of excife, touching beer and ale* and touching the returns or charges made or to be made of beer or ale, by the gagers or officers appointed to take account and a)certain the fame; be it enaded and declared by the What ffiafl be authority aforesaid, That every four and thirty gallons of beer barre/!te * or a*e» whether ftrong or ftnall, brewed or made in any part of England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed* by any the perfon or perfons aforesaid, other than within the cities of London and Wejlminfler* and within the weekly bills of mortality, taken by the gager according to the ftandard of the ale quart, four whereof (hall make the gallon, remaining in the cuftody of the chamberlain of their Majefties exchequer, (hall be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the gager or gagers, or other Allowance for °®ccrs aforesaid, for a barrel of beer or ale; and that the allow-

leakagc.

ances appointed to be made and allowed to the common brewers, other than within the cities of London and Wejlminfter* and the weekly bills of mortality aforesaid, for wafte by filling and leakage of their beer and ale, out of the faid returns or charges made by the (aid gagers or other officers aforesaid, (hall be two barrels and an half upon every three and twenty barrels of beer or ale, whether ftrong or fmall, and no more; any thing in the above mentioned ads, or any other ad of excife, or any law or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and that every barrel of beer and ale, made and brewed within the (aid cities of London and Weftminfier* and within the weekly bills of mortality aforesaid, by any the perfons aforesaid, (hall be reckoned, accounted, and returned as the fame are refpedively to be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the former ads of excife; and that the common brewers within the cities of London and Weftminfler, and within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall have the like'allowances for wafte by filling and leakage, out of the faid gagers returns, as by the laid former ads are direded.

VI. And whereas by the laws relating to their Majefties revenue of excife k is enaded, That gagers have power to gage

______ ^  all coppers, fats, and veflels in any brewhoufe, and all other

worn miffing, places whatfoever, belonging to, or ufed by any brewer, innkeeper, vidualler, or other retailer of beer or ale, and to take an account of beer, ale, and worts from time to time brewed or made, and thereof to make return and report in writing to the commiffioners and fub-commiffioners of excife, and luch returns to be a charge upon such brewers: now for the preventing of frauds and difputes which may happen or arife by the gagers making their returns as aforefaid; be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That where it (hall appear to the gager oi

gagers.

Brewer chargeable with the quantity of

i58&.] Anrio primo GulielmI & Marl®, c.24.

gagers, that any worts are miffing, or not let fairly down into the tun, and (uch gager cannot find the fame, in such cafe it fhall be lawful for such gager tti charge fdch brewer, victualler, or other retailer, with lo much beer or ale, a$ such worts fb miffing would reafonably make.

VIL And for the avoiding as much as may be all difputes, Gagers mar be it enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for all gagers to returns take their gages, and make their returns and charges, upon warm warm worts in the backs, coolers, or other veffels, and in such w° *’ cafe fhall make allowance to the brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer, of one tenth part thereof for wafh and waftfc for all worts fo returned and charged \ which worts, nor any part of the fame, are to be in any fort afterwards charged with the payment of any duty of excile when brewed or made into beer or ale.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it enaCtcd by the authority Ale feller not aforesaid, That no innkeeper, victualler, or other Tetailer of JVab,e f0r beer or ale, fhall at any time hereafter, during the continuance {jj’A* *ate of this aCt, or of the additional duties hereby impofed, be fued, ihaniormcrly. impleaded, or molefted, by indictment, information, or popular

aClion, or otherwife, for felling or uttering any beer or ale, at any other or higher prices than the prices heretofore limited ana appointed ; any thing in this aCt, or any other law or fta-tute to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.  And forafmuch as it is found by experience, that the payment of their Majefties duties on ftrong waters, Aqua vita, and fpirits, is much avoided and defrauded by the diftillers or makers of the commodities aforesaid, by reafon that the gagers and officers appointed to gage and charge those liquors, are not duly admitted and permitted to enter and come into the hotifes, diftilling-houfes, or ftore-houfes, and other places belonging to, or ufed by, such diftillers or makers of such ftrong waters. Aqua vita, and fpirits, and thfe penalties impofed by the former aCts are often avoided for such denial or rerufal, becaufe proof can-* not be made by the informers or officers of any fale made of any their commodities before the duty thereof is paid; be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Tnat from henceforth in Puniihment cafe any aiftiller or maker of the commodities-aforefaid (hall,

upon due requeft or demand made by the gager or officer in the  fnto*

day-time, or in the night-time in the prefence of a conftable, his ftore renifc to permit such gagers to enter and come into his or their houfe, &c. houfe, diftilling-houfe, ftore-houfe, or other places belonging to, or ufed by, such diftillers or makers of ftrong waters. Aqua vita, or fpirits, the party and parties fo offending (hall forfeit and incur the forfeitures and penalties by the (aid former aCts impofed and inflicted, to be recovered in manner as therein and thereby is directed; and the informer or profecutor (hall not be obliged to prove that such offender fold, carried, or delivered out, part of his 'commodities aforesaid, before he had paid or cleared the duties due for the fame \ any thing in the faid former aCt, or any other aCt or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.  '

£ z  X* And

15 Car. i. c. at. f. 7,

Brewer not difcharged from roifcn-

53  Anno  primo Gplielmi & Marine, c.24*  [1688.

And whereas in and by the laid ad made m the fifteenth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, it is amongft other things therein provided or enaded in the words, or to the effed following (viz.) That no common brewer or brewers (hall be fued or prolecuted for any penalty or forfeiture by him or them incurred* for or by reafan of any xnif-entry or mort entry, if he or they (hall within one week, after the delivery of the copy of the gagers return made upon him, certify his or their entry made for the week, for which such copy of return is delivered, according to such return for each refpedive charge of brewing, or otherwife difcharging himfelf 5 be it enaded by the authority afortiaid. That no brewer or brewers (hall from henceforth have or claim any benefit by the (aid provifo, on any try”^ept^“^information to be brought againft him or them for non-entry, (hewed the  wilful falfe entry, or nonpayment, if it (hall appear by the evi-

beer, &cc. at  dence given, that such brewer fo fued for non-entry, or (hort,

the time of or falfe entry, or non-payment, did not bona fide mew to the the return,  gager or gagers appointed to take account of the beer or ale by

them brewed, all the beer, ale, and worts of each relpe&ive guile for such time for which such copy of the return was made or given \ or if any apparent fraud was adted or made to defraud their Majefties of their duty for any part of the drink brewed in the time for which such copy of the return is made or given by the gager, in such cafe focn brewer fhall incur all the penalties and forfeitures by the former ads provided or in-flided $ the (aid provifo, or any thing in any ads or ftatute relating to the excife in any wife notwithstanding.

PunKhment XL And for avoiding fome doubts that have arifen, it is for concealing hereby declared and enaded by the authority afore&id. That worts. every common brewer, innkeeper, vidualler, or retailer of >5Car.s.c.ir. ^ ajc> wj1Q> contrary to the faid ad made in the (aid fifteenth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, (hall make ufe of any private or concealed (fore-houfe, cellar, or place, for the laying of any beer, or ale, or worts in ca(k, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and every such brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or retailer, who, contrary to the (aid ad made as aforesaid, (hall mix, conceal, or convey away any worts, (hall forfeit twenty (hillings for every barrel of worts by him or them fo mingled, concealed, or conveyed away contrary to the faid ad; and the commifiioners of excife, ana juftices of the peace, and all others authorized to hear and determine forfeitures and offences againft the laws re-. lating to the excife refpedively, on complaints or informations brought for thefe offences, or either of them, and duly proved before them, are hereby authorized to give judgment or fen-fence for the refpedive forfeitures accordingly; any omifiion, or not repeating of the faid offences, or either of them, in and by the (aid ad notwithftanding.

XII.  And to the end common brewers and other perfons paying the duty of excife, may not be overcharged, it is hereby declared and enaded. That true notes in writing, of the laft

gages

Gagers to leave notes of their gages.

1688.] Anno prime GULttLMr & NfARUB. C. 24.  '  53

gages made or taken by the faid gager, fell be left by them with all brewers, makers, or retailers of beer, ale, or other ex-dfeaUe liquors refpe<5tively, or fome of their fervants, at the times of their taking their faid gages, containing the quantity and quality of the liquors to gaged, upon penalty of forty (hillings for every offence or neglect of the laid gager or Mgers.

XlIL And it is hereby enabled. That the commiffioners of By whom and excife or appeals, or juftices of peace, within whose jurifdi&ion how com-reipedtivdy any fucb brewer, maker, or retailer (hall inhabit or dwell, upon complaint to them made by or on the behalf of ^ ^fter-(uch brewers, makers, or retailers, of any overcharge returned mined, upon them by any of the laid gagers, (hail, and are required to hear and determine all such complaints, and examine the witness upon oath, which (hall be produced as well on the behalf of the party mating such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties (which oath they have hereby power to adminiiter) and thereupon, or by other due proof, to difcharge or acquit fach brewer, maker, or retailer of £0 much of his and their reipefftve charges, as (hall be fo made out before them; any thing in this or in any former law or flatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And  whereas tint  is but ene  ma town in tie county ®®e*r* fof .

Anglefey, by rtafon of which the inhabitants of fome farts oftbtfatd

county art put to extraordinary trouble and expence to make tbeir entries and  payments, being four and twenty  from the faid

market-town \ be it enadted by the authority aforeiaid, That for the eafe of the hid inhabitants living remote from the faid market town, there (hall be offices kept for the making entries and payments in the feveral towns of  ,  ,

and  Uanercbthmeth, as well as in the town of , where

only the faid office has been accuflomed to be kept.

XV. And whereas Jeveral coll*ft or:, fugagers, and other Punilhment of

perfons employed about  colliding,Jkrveying,or gaging the duty if ex- commiffioner

(ije, have been forced tt payfeveral funs of money to the commiffioners taking money of excife, or their rtgtfters or clerks, upon pretence that the fame is for of any perfon

tori ting, figning, and feeding injhntftions or orders for every such of- Hut tt>e King. ficer to execute his plate, which muji cauft such officer to reimburfi himftlfupon the people by one means.or other: for prevention whereof be it enadted, That no commiffioner, or other perfon employed about the duty of excife, thall demand, take, or receive any fum of money, or other reward whatfoever from any perfon, other than their Majefties, upon pain of forfeiting his or their office, upon proof thereof by two or more credible wit-neftes before any two of their Majefties juftices of the peace, fo as every such perfon, lb offending, is hereby made uncapable of executing any office in their Majefties revenue of the excife for the future.

XVI.  Provided alfo. That no information (hall be brought, Information laid, or profecqted againft any common brewer or brewers, or »g«nft brew alehoufekeepcr, for any falfe or mif-entry, or offence made or committed, from and after the four and twentieth day of July,

£3  .one

mg.

54  Anno  primo Gulielmi & Marine. 6.14. [i<S8S-

months after one thousand fix hundred eighty and nine, unlefs the fame in-n^ceC>within ^ormat*on ^ informations be laid and entred before such per-a week after f°ns appointed to determine the fame, within three months information, next after every such offence committed; and that notice thereof be given to such perfon or perfons (againft whom such information (hall be laid) in writing, or left at their dwelling-houfes, within one week after the laying and entring such information, to the end a timely provifion may be had and made in defend- -ing the fame; any thing in this a<ft or other law to the* contrary notwithftanding.

tool, penalty XVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, for nfmg me- That frpm and after the first of September, one thousand fix hun-in brcw* dred eighty-nine, no common brewer, or retailer of beer or ale, (hall u(e in the brewing or working of any beer or ale any mo-loflus, coarfc fugar, honey, or compofition or extract of fugar, upon the penalty of the forfeiture, for every such offence, of all such liquors wherein any moloffus, or coarfe fugar, honey, or such compofition or extract (hall be put, and alfo of the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety of all the faid forfeitures to be to their Majefties, the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered by altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record, wherein no effoin, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, fo as such fuit be commenced within fix months after such forfeiture incurred.

XVIII.  And be it further ena&ed. That when malt or barley of Englijb growth, Wincbefter meafure, (hall bo at four and twenty ftiillings by the quarter, or under; rye of Englijb growth

vantage ofthe at two and thirty (hillings by the quarter, or under; and wheat oi export- of Englijb growth at eight and forty (hillings, by the quarter, or mg corn. under, in the town or port of Berwick upon Tweed; every merchant or other perfon, who (hall ptit on (hipboard in EngUJb (hipping, the mafter and two thirds of his mariners at leaft being their Majefties fubje&s, any forts of the com aforesaid, from the faid port or town of Berwick, with intent to export the faid corn into parts beyond the feas, and (hall purfue all and every the methods ana things preferibed and appointed in that behalf, in and by an alt made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for encouraging the exportation of corny (hall have the benefit and advantage qf the faid a&, and of every thing therein contained, as fully to ^11 intents and pur-pofes, as if the faid corn had been put on (hipboard from any port or ports of this kingdom, or dominion of Wale$.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it enaded. That if any merchant, or other perfon whatfoever, (hall put on (hipboard any corn of the growth of Scotland, out of the faid port of Berwick upon Tweedy that all such com (hall be forfeited (that is to fay) one third part to their Majefties, one other third part to the informer, and the other third part to the poor of the faid town of Berwick.

1  CAP.

Exporter of com from Berwick to have the ad-

Sujpra,

c. I*.

Except it be £cotch coni.

1688.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine, c. a$,26.  55

CAP. XXV.

An aS to regulate the admmftration of the oaths required to be taken by cornmffion or warrant officers employed in their Majejlies fervice by land, by virtue of an a£t made this prefect fcffion of parliament, intituled\ An aft for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths.

WHEREAS by an ail made this prefent fiffion of parliament, Antc>c*** intituled, An aft for the abrogating of the oaths of fu-premacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, all perfons that yhall hereafter be put into any military employment, Jball be obliged to take the oaths, and make and fubfcribe the declaration therein mentioned, before fetch perfon as Jball ijjue the commiffion or warrant for such employment $ and whereas their Majejlies fervice does require the regiments and troops of foldiers to march, and be at great defiances from London, and upon any vacancy of any such military employment by death or otherwife, it is necejfary to fill up such vacancies, by granting new commiffions for perfons that may be at a great difiance from London, fo as their Majejlies fervice will not permit them to repair to London to take the fa 'td oaths, and make the faid declaration as aforefaid:

II.  Be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s molt excellent Commiffion majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- officers twen-tual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament JX ®l,es aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it any com- lo takethe* million for such military employment lhall hereafter be granted oaths, to any perfon at any diftance from London exceeding twenty miles, that such perfon (hall and may take the faid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration, at the next mufter after the receipt of the faid commiffion, before the commiflary of the mufters, or his deputy, who is hereby authorized to tender, ad-minifter, and take the lame, and are hereby required to fend up a certificate thereof, under his hand and feal, to the perfon who ifiued such commiffion j any thing in the aforefaid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  And in cafe such perfon, who (hall receive such com- Penalty, million, (hall refufe to take the faid oaths, and fubfcribe the faid declaration as aforesaid, such perfon (hall not be allowed upon the mufters, but his commiffion (hall be void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in Militia faved. this aft contained (hall extend to the militia or trained bands of England.

CAP. XXVI.

An aftf to veft in the two univerfities the prefentations of benefices belonging to papifts.

WHEREAS in and by a certain claufe mentioned in one afi of 3 Jac. 1. c. 5, parliament made in the third year of the reign of King James E 4  the

Perfons refuting decla-' ration dtf-abled to prefen t, &c.

Ante, c.15.

Umverfities (ball prelknt.

Trultees disabled.

Anno primo Guublmi & Maria, c.26.  £1688.

the Firjly intituled, An aft to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popifh reeufants, it is enabled. That every per fon or ferjons that is or jhall he a popijh readout convitf, during the time that 1h Jhall be or remain a recujdnty Jball> from and after the end of that prefent fejjion of parliament, be utterly difabled to prefent to any benefice jvith cure> or without curey prebend^ or any other ecchjiaftical living, or to collate or nominate to any free fcbool, hofpital, or donative tvhatfoever, and from the beginning of the Jaid parliament Jhall likewife be difabled to grant any avoidance to any benefice, prebend, or other ecclefiaftical living:

II.  fie it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent ' majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by authority of the fame, That every perfon who (hall refufe or negleft to make, repeat, and fubfcribe the declaration mentioned in one aft of this prefent parliament, intituled, 4n afr for the better fecuring the government by difarming papifis and reputed papifis, when the fame (hall be tendred to such perfon by any two or more juftices of the peace, as in the (aid aft is cnafted, or who (hall upon notice given, as in the faid aft is direfted, refufe or forbear to appear before them for the making, repeating, and fubfcrihing thereof, and (hall thereupon have his name, furname, and ufual place of abode certified and recorded at the general quarter feffions to be hdden for the (hire, riding, divifion, or liberty, for which such two juftices (hall be juftices of the peace, by the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, as m the faid aft is appointed; every such perfon fo recorded (hall be, from and after the time of luch record made, adjudged, taken, and efteemed difabled to make such prefentation, collation^ nomination, donation, or grant of any avoidance of any benefice, prebend,,or ecclefiaftical living, as folly and amply as if such perfon were a popifh recufant convift by the laws or fta-tutes of this realm; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. And that the chancellor and fchdars of the univerfity of Oxford, and the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Cambridge, by what name or names fbever they, or either of them are incorporated, (hall refpeftively have the prefentation, nomination, collation, and donation of and to every such benefice, prebend, or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, and donative, fet, lying, and being in the refpeftive counties, cities, and other the places and limits in the faid aft of the third of King James mentioned, as in and by the faid aft is direfted and appointed, fo often as any of them (hall become , void, according to the limitations, direftions, and provifions in that behalf limited, enafted, and provided.’

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any perfon or perfons are or (hall be feised or poflefled of any advowfon, right of prefentation, collation, or nomination to any such ecclefiaftical living, free fchool, or hofpital as aforesaid, in truft for any papift or popifti recufant, who (hall be convifted or difabled, according to the true intent

and

57

1688.} Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine. c.i6.

and meaning of the faid ftatute, made in the third year of the reign of the faid King Janus the Firft, or by this prefent ad, s Jac.x. c.$. every such perfon ana perfons fo feized and poflefled in truft for any papift or popifh recruit convid or difabled, (hall ^vui/byi* and are hereby adjudged to be difabled to prefent, nominate, or Ann. (at. *. collate to any such ecdefiaftical living, free fehool, or hoipital, c, 14. f. *. or to grant any avoidance thereof; and their and every of their prefentatiens, nominations, collations, and grants, (hall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever; and the chancellors and fcholars of the faid refpedive univerfities as afore-laid, upon every avoidance, (hall have the prefentation*, nominations, and collations, to such ecdefiaftical livings, free fchools, and hofpitals, in such manner as they (hould have the fame, in cafe such recuiant convid or dilabled were feized or pofielTed thereof.

IV.  And in cafe any truftee or truftees, or mortgagee, or Penalty upon grantee of any avoidance, hereafter prefent, nominate, or collate, truftee* pre-or caufe to be prefcnted, nominated, or collated any perfon to

any such ecdefiaftical living, free fehool, or hofpitai, whereof the truft (hall be for any recuiant convid or dilabled, without giving notice of the avoidance in writing to the vice-chancellor (or the time being of the univerfity, to whom the prefentation, nomination, or conation (hall belong, according to the true intent of this ad, within three months after the avoidance (hall happen, such truftee or truftees, mortgagees, or grantees, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to the fiud refpedive chancellors and fcholars of either of the (aid univerfities, to whom such prefentation, nomination, or collation (hall belong, according to the true intent of this prefent ad, .to be recovered in any of their Majefties courts of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efioin, protedion, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

V.  Provided always. That the faid chancellors and fcholars Prefojfatioa of either of the faid univerfities (hall not prefent or nominate to

any benefice with cure, prebend, or other ecdefiaftical living, any perfon as (hall then have any other benefice with cure of fouls j and if any such prefentation (hall be had or made of any such perfon fo beneficed, the faid prefentation (hall be utterly void; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  Provided, That if any perfon fo prefented or nominated iwfeat ahfence to any benefice with cure, (hall be abfent from the fame above makes living the (pace of fixty days in any one year, that in such cafe the v0“*-

(aid benefice (hall become void.

VII.  Provided neverthdefs. That if any such perfon (hall Taking the

prefent himfelf before the juftices of the peace at the general quarter feflions to be holden for the county, riding, diviuon, or •  1

liberty where his name was recorded, ana (hall there in open

court make, repeat, and fubfcribe the fcid declaration, and take the feveral oaths contained in one ad of this prefent parliament, intituled. An ail for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremasy and Cap.*. mllepaneey and appointing other oqtks, he (hall from thenceforth be 2  dif-

Anno prime Gulielmi& Marle. c.iy. [1688.

difeharged of and from the faid difability, and be enabled to make such prefentation, collation, nomination, and donation, and grant of any avoidance to any benefice, prebend, or eccle-fiaftical living, lchool,* or hofpital, as if this adt had not been made.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for taking away the court boldtn before the prefident and council of the marches of Wales.

34 & 35 H. 8. TT7H E R EAS by the fiatute made in the thirty fourth and thirty c* l6‘  W  fifth  year  of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An adt for

certain ordinances in the King's majefty's dominion and principality of Wales, it is enafted, That there Jhall he and remain a prefident and council in the faid dominion and principality of Wales, and the marches of the fame, with all officers, clerks, and incidents to the fame, in manner and form as hath been heretofore ufed and ac-cujlomed $ which prefident and council Jhall have power and authority to hear and determine, by their wifdoms and diferetions, such caufes and matters as he or hereafter Jhall be ajfigned to them by the Rings majefly, as heretofore hath been accufiomtd and ufed; and forafmuch as the proceedings and decrees of that court have by experience been found to be an intolerable burthen to the July eft within thefaid principality, contrary to the great charter, the known laws of the land, and the birthright of the fubjeft, and the means to introduce an arbitrary power and government; and forafmuch as all matters examinable or determinable, or pretended to be examinable or determinable before the faid court of prefident and council, may have their proper redrejs in the ordinary courfe of juft ice, provided and fettled in the feveral Jhires within the faid principality and dominion: for remedy whereof.

The court of II. Be it enadled by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent marches uken majefties, and by the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-away*  mons,  in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-

rity of the fame, That the before-recited claufe in the faid ftatute, made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth year of King Henry the Eighth, (hall be and is hereby repealed: and that the faid court, commonly called The court before the prefident and council in the marches of Wales, and all jurifdidlion, -power, and authority belonging unto, or exercifed in the fame court, or by any the judges, officers, or minifters thereof, be clearly and abfolutely diflolved, taken away, and determined.

Sheriffs in III. And be it hereby further ena&ed by the authority afbre-Walcs how  faid, That the juftices of the great feffions in Wales refpe&ively,

chofcn.  for thc tjme being? (ball yearly nominate three fubftantial per-

fons for each fhire in their refpedtive circuits, to be (heriffs of the fame, and (hall certify their names to the lords of the mod honourable privy council craJHno animarum, to the intent the King’s and Queen’s majefties, and the furvivor of them, and their fucceflors, being thereof advertifed, may appoint one of the perfons fo certified in every of the faid lhires to be (heriff for that year.

IV. And

i688.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Maria:. c. 30J  59

IV.  And be it further enaded, That all errors in pleas per-fonal within the faid principality or dominion of ffoles.) (hall be redrefled by writ of error, in the fame manner as errors in pleas real and mixed are appointed to be redrefled by the faid ftatute, made in the thirty fourth and thirty fifth year of King Henry the Eighth.

V.  Provided always. That no judgments nor decrees pafled jn the faid court before the first day of Juney one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, (hall be by this ad repealed or annulled, but all and every of them (hall remain in the fame force, and all executions upon them in the fame (late, in which they were before the making of this ad; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

Error# in pleas perfonaL

Commencement of the ad.

The courts at Wefhninfter may award execution on thefe judgments, &c. by 9 & 10 W.3.C.16.

An ad for appropriating certain duties for paying the dates general of the united provinces their charges for his Majesty’s expedition into this EXP. kingdom, and for other ufes.

CAP- xxix.

An ad for relief of the proteftant Irilh clergy.  EXP.

CAP. XXX.

An alt to repeal the ftatute made in the fifth year of King Henry the Fourth, againft the multiplying gold and filver.

WHEREAS by a ftatute made and enabled in the parliament 5h. 4. c.4.

held in the fifth year of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, repealed. late King of England, it was amongft other things enabled in thefe words, or to tins effefly namely, That none from thenceforth ihould ufe to multiply gold or diver, or ufe the craft of multiplication; and if any the fame do, they (hould incur the pain of felony : And whereas fince the making of the faid ftatute, divers perfons have by their ftudyy induftry, and learnings arrived to great /kill and perfection in the art of melting and refining of metals, and otherwife improving them and their ores (wnich very math abound within this realm) and extra fling gold and ftlver out of the fame \ but dare not exercife their faid Jkill within this realm y for fear of falling under the penalty of the faid ftatute^ but exercife the faid art in foreign partly to the great lofs ana detriment of this realm:

II.  Be it therefore enaded by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent majefties,^by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritusd and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, That from henceforth the aforefaid branch, article or fentence contained in the faid ad, and every word, matter, and thing contained in the faid branch or fentence, (hall be repealed, annulled, revoked, and for ever made void ; any thing in the (aid ad to the contrary in any wife whatsoever notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Conditions of aforefaid; That all the gold and filver that (hall be extraded by rePcaL the aforefaid art of melting and refining of metals, and other-wife improving of them ancf their ores as before let forth, be from henceforth employed for no other ufe or ufes whatfocver,

bqt

6o

Royal thine.

Explained by S&6W.&M

Cm 6.

EXP.

Supra, Cm *o.

viCar.a.c.ji.

Wooll carried to the fea coafts to be cntred.

Enforced by y &'8W.3.c.*8. f.39&ioW. 3- C.40.

Anno primo Gulielmi & Maria. c. 31,3a. [168&

but for the jncreafe of monies; and that the place hereby appointed for *the difpofal thereof, (hall be their Majefties mint within the tower of London ; at which place they are to receive the full and true value for their gold and filver fo extracted from time to time, according to. the anay and finepefs thereof; and fo for any greater or lefler weight: And that none of that metal of gold and iilver, fo refined and extra&ed, be permitted to be ufed or difpofed of in any other place or {daces within their Majefties kingdoms and dominions.

IV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no mine of copper, tin, iron, or lead, fhall , hereafter be adjudged, reputed, or taken to be a royal mine, although gold or diver may be extracted out of the feme.

CAP. XXXL

An additional aft for the appointing oommiffionen for the executing an aft of this prefent parliament, intituled. An aft for a grant to their Majetties of an aid of twelve pence in the pannd for one year, for the neceflary defence of their realms.

CAP. XXXII.

An 08 for the better preventing the exportation of woolly and encouraging the woollen manufactures of this kingdom. Continued by 4 & 5 W. & M. cap. 24. fedtio. (except what relates to free importation of woollen manufacture) for three years, with provifb that no wooll fhall be imported from Ireland to Exeter.

WHEREAS through the remifnefs and negligence ef officers and others, in not putting the laws in execution again/* the exportation of wooll, wooll‘fells, mortlings, JborlmgSy yarn made of woolly woolf-fhcisy fullers-eartby fuUino-clayy and tobacco-pipe-clay, and alfo by reafon of the doubtfulntfs of feme exprtfRons in the ftatute made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, divers great quant ities of woolly and other the things above mentioned, have been exported out of the kingdoms {/'England and Ireland into France, and other parts beyond the feaSy which, if not prevented for the future\ will tend to the utter rum and undoing of many thousands of their Majefties fubjeftSy and the great diminution of the trade of this kingdom \ for preventing whereof, and for tne better explanation and execution of the laws made againft the faid exportation; and for the preventing frauds generally pra&iftd to avoid the penalties therein mentioned:

II.  Be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent tnajefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every owner of wooll, or their agent or agents, that fhall at any time carry, or caufe to be carried any woqll to any port or place on the fea coafts, with an intention to convey the fame to any other port or place on the fea coafts within the kingdom of Englandy dominion of IValeiy or from the town of Berwick upon Tweed, from whence the fame may be (hipped oft, or otherwif* tranfported, conveyed, or qirfien iptq foreign parts, {hat the

faid

F'QKLft&Mi & Marijs. c.32.

61

laid owner or owners dull in the first place caufe a due entry to Extended to be made of the faid wooll, at the port from whence the fame  and

fhall be fo intended to be conveyed, containing the exalt weight, marks, and numbers of the fame, before he or they prefume to f'1' load or cany away any of the laid wooll, within five miles of any such port or place on the fea coafts, from whence the fame ( ia fo to be conveyed. Aod if any wooll lhall be carrying towards the fea without bong first entred in manner afore&id, the wooll fo found, as alfo the horfe or horfes, cart, waggon, or other beads, or carriages conveying the fame, (hall be forfeited and loft: And the perfon or perfons carrying, driving, aiditig, or abetting the fame, lhall fuffer and forfeit in such manner as by the laws and ftatutes now in force againft the exportation of wooll is provided.

III.  Provided always, and it is hereby enaAed and declared, perfonieany-That the foregoing daufe is not intended, nor lhall be conftrued ing wooll, to extend to the hindring any perfon or perfons from carrying from ftwmg, his or their wooll from the place of Ihearing the fame, onto certlty lt* horfes, or by carts and waggons, to his or their own dwelling-

houfe or houfes, or out-houfes thereunto belonging, though the fame be within five miles or lets of the fea, fo as such perfon or perfons within ten days after the Ihearing of the faid wooll, and before he or they remove or otherwife difpofe of the fame, or any part thereof, from the place where it was first carried after (hearing, do under his or their hands certify to the officers of the cuttoms in the next adjacent port the true quantity of the faid wooll (that is to fay) of the number of fleeces, and where the fame is houfed, and that such perfon or perfons do not remove or otherwife dilpofe of the laid wooll to ally other place, without first certifying the officer of such port, under his or their hands, of his intention to remove the fame three days at leaft before such removal. And the officer and officers in the Regilteroftbe refpeAive ports, and the limits of such ports, are hereby re- certificate*, quirec^to receive and keep such certificates, and to make a re-gifter of them; but in cafe any such perfon or perfons fhall negleA to make and fend such certificate to the officer or officers of the next adjacent port as aforesaid, or lhall remove or other- . wife difpofe. of any of the laid wooll, before such certificate of his intention fo to do be made and delivered as aforesaid, such perfon or perfons lhall have no benefit by this provifo, but be liable to the penalties exprefied in the foregoing claufe.

IV.  And be it further enaAed by the authority aforeiaid, Cocquet and That all cocquets for carrying wooll from any port within the “If'”ca*^ho’ir \ kingdom of England dominion of Walts, or from the port of10 m e-

Berwick upon Tweed,lhall be written upon paper, and not parchment, and figned by three of the chief officers of such refpeAive port at leaft; and all certificates of landing the lame again in any other of the faid ports, or from the kingdom of

.iIreland, lhall be figned in like manner > and that all such wooll, both at fhipping and landing, lhall be weighed in the prefence of the faid officers giving such cocquets and certificates refpec-tively j and that the cxaA weight, marks, and numbers of such •  wooll.

6 2

Officers penalty.

nCar.i.c.32. 13& 14. Car. 2. c. 18.

Ports of import and export.

Altered by 7

&8W.3.c.»8.

f.5.

Commiflion-ers to execute the aft.

Anno primo Gulielmi & Marls. C. 32.  [168 9,

wooll, fo (hipped and landed, (hall be likewife particularly ex* prefled in both cocquet and certificate.

V.  And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority I aforefaid. That all and every such officer and officers, as (halt not obferve the directions in this aft before mentioned on their parts to be performed, (hall be deemed and adjudged as aiders and abettors of the faid tranfportation, and fuffer the penalties contained in the (latutes made in the twelfth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, againft tranfportation of wooll, and other the things before irationed.

VI.  Be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no wooll (hall be (hipped from the kingdom of Ireland, but from thefe ports following (viz.) Dublin, Waterford, YoughaUf Kingfale, Cork, and Drogheda; and that no wooll (hall be imported from the kingdom of Ireland into any ports but thefe following (viz.) Liverpool, Chejler, Brijlol, Minehead, Barnflaplet Bidiford, and Exeter.

VII.  And for the better and more effectual execution of this and other afts made againft exportation of wooll, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the right honourable** Sir Thomas Pilkington lord mayor of the city of London, Sir Henry Goodrichbaronet, Sir Patience Ward knight. Sir Matthew Andrews knight. Sir Benjamin Newland knight. Sir John Matthews knight. Sir Peter Rich knight, Sir Robert Dajhwooa, Sir WtUiam Portman knight and baronet, Sir Henry AJbhurJl baronet, Sir WtUiam AJmtrft knight, Sir Richard Newdigate, Sir John Fleet, WtUiam Harbord, John Summers, John Sandford, Foot Onflow, John PoUex-fen, Richard Bret, WtUiam Cranmore, Edward Montague, eiquires; Samuel Haffel, William Hqffel fenior, John Parifls, John Voyer, John Gibbon, Barnard Carter, gentlemen; Mr. Montague of Horton, Sir Thomas Samuel baronet, William Dugdali efquire,

?ohn Aflky of Woley, efquire,. Sir William Langham, Sir John ]oley knight. Sir Benjamin 'Ayloffe baronet, Sir Robert Jefferyes knight. Sir John Lethuellier knight. Sir Gabriel Roberts knight, Sir Samuel Dajbwood knight. Sir Thomas Vernon knight, Nathaniel Tench, William Huffey, Thomas Canham, WtUiam Gore, Hugh Strode, Samuel Meverel,Jobn Smith, Thomas Firmin, Arthur Moore, William Crouch, Thomas Heatly, Thomas Sandis, WtUiam Jolly, efquires; Paris Slaughter, Henry Corni/b, John Devinck, Richard Scott, David Prole, Thomas Crandal, Philip Biddy, John Paris, Richard Harrifon, John Buftfield, John Haines, Edward Bicily, Nicholas Broking, William Sandford, Benjamin Ivie, Daniel Ivie, Andrew Jeffery, Thomas Turner, Peter Par, Henry Newcombf Jofeph Pince, Matthew Ferris, William Spry, John Keefe fenior, John Monkly junior, William Wrayford) John Youat, Robert Fofler, John Lavington, Thomas Potter, Robert Burridge, John Vpcot, John Smith, John Mudford, or any- five of them, be authorised for putting this and other the (aid Jaws in execution, who are hereby impowered from time to time, by their agents or fubftitutes to be deputed under the bands and feals of any five or more of them, to feize aU wool], wooll-fells, and other the things above mentioned, which (hall be endeavoured to be tnuifported contrary

1688.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine, c.32.

ar to this a ft; and alfo to Cue and profecute all perfons ofU ing againft this or any the faid laws $ any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VlIL Provided always. That if any owner of any (hip or Owner* of veflel, or any mailer or mariner, knowing of the exportation of any (heeps-wooll, wooll-fels, mortlings, (norlings, yarn made rcw^df*1^1 of wooll* wooll-flocks, follers-earth, fulling-day, or tobacco-pipe-clay, contrary to the true meaning of this and the other afts above-mentioned, (hall within three months next after the knowledge thereof, or after his return into the kingdom of England, or Ireland, or to the faid town of Berwick, or into the dominion of Wales aforesaid, give the first information bona fdiy before any of the barons for the time being of the court of exchequer in England, or the court of exchequer in Ireland,, or before any three of the commiflioners appointed by this aft for the more effectual putting in execution this and other laws made againft the exportation of wooll, or before the head officer of any port where he (hall first arrive, upon his or their oath, of the number and quantity of such (heeps-wooll, wooll-fels, mortlings, (horlings, yarn made of wooll, wooll-flocks, fullers-earth, hilling-day, or tobacco-pipe-clay, fo carried, conveyed, or exported as aforesaid, and by whom, where, and in what (hip or veflel, and afterwards (hall be ready, upon rea-fonable warning, by procefs to juftify and prove the fame. That then such owner ana owners, mafter, mariner, and mariners,

(hall not be liable or fubjeft to any the penalties or forfeitures in this or any other aft contained or enafted, for the offence aforesaid, but (hall and is hereby enabled to recover and receive such benefit and advantages as is appointed to be allowed by the precedent aft or afts.

IX.  Provided neverthelefs, That the powers given to the faid perfon* autho-commiflioners (hall not hinder any perfon or perfons lawfully rized may authorized from feizing wooll, or profecuting any perfon of- feizc» &c-fending againft this or any former aft made againft the tranf-portation of wooll, and other the things above-mentioned.

X.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon for what he (hall do in purfuance of this aft, such perfon fo fued (hall and may file a common bail, or enter into common appearance, and plead the general ifiiie, not guilty ; and upon iflue joined may give this aft in evidence: and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdift pafs againft him, or if upon a demurrer judgment pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover treble cods and damages for his moleftation.

.XI. And for the better execution of the powers granted by A regifter of this aft, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That a re- wooI« gifter be kept at the cuftom-houfe, London, of all the wooll from time to time imported from Ireland; and alfo of what wooll lhall be font from one port to another in this kingdom \ the

particular

6+  Anno  primo  Gclielmi  &  Marije. C.34. [1688.

particular weights and numbers, the (hip, matter’s name, owner’s name, and to whom configned ; to the end the (aid commiffioners appointed to put this aft in execution may have an infpeftion thereinto, or copies thereof, from time to time. Continuance This aft to continue for three years, and from thence to the of the aft. end of the next feffion of parliament.

Woolen ma- XII. And for die better encouragement of the manufac-nufafturc may tare as well as the growth of wool, be it further onafted by the be exported, authority aforesaid, That from henceforward it (hall and may . be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever to buy any cloth, (toffs, (lockings, or other manufacture of wool made in the kingdom of England, dominion of  or the town of

Berwick upon Tweed, and die fame freely, without any molefta-tion or trouble whatfoever, to export into any parts beyond the Teas, paying the ufual cuftoms.

Saving to the  XIII. Provided, That nothing contained in this aft (hall

companies be conftrued to avoid the charters and grants made to the Levant charter*. company, to the EaftUmd company, to die Ruffin company, to the African company, or to the privileges granted to them, or any them.

Wool from XIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the autho-Swtbamftoa. rity aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to tranfport from the port of Southampton only, for the only ufe or behoof of the inhabitants of the iflands of Gtumfeyt jerjep,  ,  and

Sarke, and of the woolen manufactures there made, one thou* fand tods of unkembed wool for die ifland of  ,two

thpufand tods of unkembed wool for the ifland of Jerfcyt two hundred tods of unkembed wool for the itiand of and one hundred tods of unkembed wool for the ifland of , more than by the faid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second is directed and provided for the fame, to be done according to the fame rules, orders, and directions, and under the like penalties and forfeitures as in the faid aft is directed, ordained, appointed and inflifted, and on the further penalty of twenty pounds for every tod of wool, and forfeiture of the wool itfdr (one half thereof to his Majesty, one quarter part thereof to the informer, and the other quarter part to the poor of the faid iflands) in cafe any perfon (hall again tranfport or attempt to tranfport any of the faia wool from the faid iflands, for every offence therein; and alfo that every perfon fo offending (hall from and after the first offence be incapable of having or enjoying any grant of any wool from the (aid port of nor (nail ever hereafter have any warrant given or granted him for that purpose; the faid penalties to be recovered by such perfon as (hall fue for the fame by any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, 10 Anne,c. 16- or information, wherein no efTom, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftnunt is to be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

CAP,

168$.] Anno prfrfto GulIelmi & Marine, c.33.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a8 for explaining part of an all made in the firfi year of King James the Firjb, concerning tanned leather.

WHEREAS by a Jiatuto made in the firji year of King x jac. i. c. iju James the Firji, it was matted. That themafler and wardens *9*.

of the feveral myfterus of the cordwainers, curriers, girdlers, and ^

Jailers *of the city of London, for the time being, or the major part ” •a,l,c*a5-

of the Jaid mafter and wardens of every the faid feveral myfieries, under the penalty therein mentioned, Jhouldfour times in the year at leaft (that is to fay) onci every quarter of the year, or oftner if need should require, fear eh, and view all boots, Jhoes, bujkins, and other wares and things whatfoever made of tanned leather, in all and every houfe and houjes, plate and places, privileged or not privileged, as weft within the city of London and fuburbs thereof, as in every other place within three miles of the Jame city, where any Jboemaker, fadler, girdler, currier, or other artificer ufmg cutting, working, or drift fing of leather, whether the fame boots, and Jhoes, wares,fluff, or other things, were made of tanned leather, and were wrought according to the purport, effett, and true meaning of the faid fiatute, or not:

II. And whereas fame doubts have been made, whether tanned leather, when and after it hath been fully drejfed and curried by the currier, be a ware within the faid ftatute, andfeveral fits of law have been carried on againft the mafter and wardens of the comtany of curriers, to their great charge ana vexation, and tending to the utter avoiding the good provifion made in the faid ftatute for the due and lawful currying anddr effing of leather, anathe fearch and view thereof to be made as by the find ftatute is required: for the removing therefore of all doubts, ana that fearch and view may be duly made according to the faid ftatute :

IIJ. Be it enafted by the Xing’s and Queen’s molt excellent what (hall be majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords (pi- adjudged ware ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament within 1 Jac. 1* aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and c*M' f‘ *9' every hide, (kin, or piece of tanned leather, (naved or Honored, of what colour foever, with any lawful liquoring or drefling, and being well and truly curried according to the directions of the faid ftatute, (hall be adjudged, reputed, and taken to be the made ware and manufacture of the laid currier, and fubjeft to the view, fearch, and feizure of the faid mafter and wardens, or the major part, as in and by the faid ftatute is provided, and (hall be liable to be teized, and fubjeft to the fame penalties as other wares infufiiciently made ot tanned leather by the (aid ftatute are liable and fubjeCt unto.

IV.  Provided always, That nothing in this or any other power of aft (hall extend to give any power to the mafter and wardens of the matter, the company of curriers, to vifit, fearch, or feize any leather, hide, or (kin, but such only as (hall be curried or dreifed within the city of London, or three miles thereof, by iome members of Vot. IX.  F  their

Red tanned leather how bought and iold.

Leather may be bought and lorn by weight.

Anno primo Guuelmi & Maria, c.34i [1688.

their own company, nor in any other place, but in the open market, or in the mops, houfes, or warehoufes of such curriers.

V.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for all leather-fellers, • curriers, (hoemakers, and all other perfon and perfons whatfoever, that do deal or work in leather, freely to buy all forts of red tanned leather in any open fair or market, whether curried or uncurried, the fame being first fearched and fealed according to the form of the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided,, and having fo bought the fame, to fell it again to any perfon or perfons wnat-foever, in their publick and open (hops, or to cut and convert the fame into other made ware, according to their feveral and relpe&ive trades.

VI.  And be it further enadted. That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to buy or fell leather, hides, and (kins by weight; any law, ftatute, or other provifionto the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

f

An aft prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

(Vide 2 W. & M. feff. 2. cap. 14. for more effectual executing this aft, and both revived and further continued by 4 &? 5 W. fc? M. cap. 25. for three years, if war with France laft fo long.)

T70RASMUCH as your Majefties, upon juft and honourable *■ c. 9. f. 1*- X1 grounds, have been plcafed to declarean aftuaf war with France, 5&6W.&M. i0 enter into feveral confederacies for carrying on the fame ; and Importation tl}at u ^atf) been found by long experience, that the importing of of French French wines, vinegar* brandy, linen, folks, fait, paper, and other commodities the commodities of the growth, product or manufacture ^France or prohibited for Bf fa territories or dominions of the French king, hath much ex-^ree years, lauj}e£ fa treafure of this nation, lejfened the value of the native commodities and manufactures thereof, and greatly impoveri/bed the Englifh artificers and handicrafts, and caufedgreat detriment to this kingdom in general:

Retailers to aIX. And it is hereby enabled, that from and after the feUwmeia tenth day of September, one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, *cwtcr* no vintner or retailer of wines whatfoever (hall fell or utter any wines by retail, other than by and in meafures made of pewter, and fealed according to the ftatute, under the pain and Penalty 5I. penalty of five pounds for every such offence, tp the informer, 7&SW.3.C.19. to be levied and recovered in of any such courts, and in such manner as aforefaid.

XX.  And for the preventing of the mifehiefs which may be oc-cafioned by the fophifticating, corrupting, and adulterating of wines during such time as tney are by this aft allowed to be fold, be it enafted. That if any merchant, vintner, wine-cooper, or other perfon felling wine by wholefale.or retail, (hall corrupt, fophifticate, or adulterate any wine^ or (hall utter or fell any wine corrupted, fophifticated, or adulterated j such perfon

1688.] Anno pripno Guliejlmi Marls. c.1,2.  67

fon Ihall forfeit the fum of three hundred pounds for every such |ooL penalty offence, the one moiety thereof to their Majefties and their fuc-ceflbrs, and other moiety thereof to such perfon as (hall fue for „;ne. the fame by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, where- 4 & j W. & in no effoin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one M. imparlance (hall be allowed, and (hall alfo fuffer imprifon-ment by the fpace of three months, without bail or mainpriie.

SESSlO SECUkDA.

Anno Regni GULIELMI & MARINE

CAP. I. (35.)  9&10W.3:

An aft for a grant to their Majefties of an aid of two (hillings in the pound c* 8* 11 ^ *1 for one year. EXP.  W. %. c. is.

C AP. 11. (36.)  9 Ann. c% it*

An aft for declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjeEL, and fettling the fuccefjton of the crown.

WHEREAS the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons* ajfembled at Weftminfter, lawfully, fully* and freely repre-fenting all the eftates of the people of this realm, did upon the thirteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousandfix hundred eighty eight, prefent unto their Majejlies, then tolled and known by the names and file of William and Mary, prince and princefs of Orange, being prefent in their proper per Jons, a certain declaration in writing, made by the faid lords and commons, in tin words following •, viz.

WHEREAS the late King James the Second, by the affijhnce of The heads of divers evil counfellors, judges, and minijlers employed by him, abdication. did endeavour to fubvert and extirpate the protejlant religion, and the laws and liberties of this kingdom.

1.  By affuming and exerciftng a power of diffenfing with andfuf- Difpenfing pending of laws, and the execution of laws, without confent of par- power. liamenU

2.  By committing and profccuting divers worthy prelates, for Committing humbly petitioning to be excujed from concurring to the faid ajfamed prelates. power.

3.  By iffuing and caufing to be executed a commijjum under the Ecclefiaftical great feal for ertfting a court called. The court of commiflioners comnu(Eon. for ecclefiaftical caufes.

4.  By levying money for and to the ufe of the crown, by pretence of Levying rao-prerogative, for other time, and in other manner, than the fame was »ey. granted by parliament.

5.  By raiftng and keeping a ftanding army within this kingdom in standing time of peace, without confent of parliament, and quartering foldiers army* contrary to law*

F 2  6.  By

DlArming

proteftauts.

Violating elections* Wrong pro. fccutions.

Juries.

Exceffive bail.

Fines and pa* nifhments.

Grants of finest &c.

The fubjc&s rights.

No difpenfing power.

Late difperf-fing illegal.

Anno prfmo GuLtBLMt & MAri*. c.2.  [i68«.

6.  By eauftng feveral goodfubjeCts, being protefiants, to be difarnui, at the fame time when papifts were both armed and employed, contrary to law.

7.  By violating tie freedom of election of members to feme in par-liamenu

8.  By projections in the court of King's bench, for matters **d oaufes cognizable only in parliament 5 and by divers other arbitral) and illegal courfes.

9.  - And whereas of late years, partial, corrupt, and unquaRfiti perfons have been returned and ferved on juries in trials, and par-titular!) divers jurors in trials for high treafon, which were not freeholders.

10.  And exceffive bail hath been required of perfons commit ted in criminal cafes, to elude the benefit of the laws made for the liberty of the fubjefts.

11.  And exceffive fines have been impofed; and illegal and cruel punijbmenls infuCled.

12.  Andfeveral grants and promifes made offines and forfeiture

before any conviction or judgment againfi the perfons, upon whom tbt fame fame were to be levied.  j

All which are utterly and direClly contrary to the htown taws and ftatutes, and freedom of this realm.

And whereas the find late King James the Second having abdicatd j the government, and the throne being thereby vacant, bis higbnefs the prince of Orange (whom it hath pleafei Almighty God to make th glorious injlrument of delivering this kingdom from popery and arbitrary power) did (by the advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and dtvers principal perfons of the commons) caufe letters to be written to the lords fpiritual and temporal being protefiants ; and other let ter; to the feveral counties, cities, univerfiiies, boroughs, and cinque-port j, for the choofing of such perfons to reprefent them, as were of right ts be fent to parliament, to meet and Jit at Weftminfter upon the txw and twentieth day of January, in this year one thousand fix hundred eighty and eight, in order to ftuh an efiablijhment, as that their religion, laws, and liberties might not again be in danger of being fub-verted: upon which Utters, elections have been accordingly made.

And thereupon the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, purfmnt to their refpeClive letters and elections, being now af-fembled in a full andfree reprefentative of this nation, taking into their moft ferious confederation the bejl means for attaining the eytds afore-faid; do in the fird place (as their anceflors in like cafe have ufuatt) done) for the vindicating and afferting their ancient rights and liberties, declare;

1.  That the pretended power of fufpending of laws, or the execution of laws, by regal authority, without conjent of parliament, u

illegal.

2.  Tlyat the pretended potoer of difpenfing with laws, or the exe-

cution of huts, by regal authority as it hath been ajjumed and excr-cifed of late, is illegal.  t

That

i 688.] Anno primo GulielmJf & Marine, c.2.  69

3. 7^7/ the tmmijjim  for trifling the of commijfioners Ecclefiaftical

for eccltfiqflical caufts,and  all other commijfions and courts of Hie court* UJeSa1’

nature art illegal and pernicious.

4. That levying money for or to the ufe of the crown, by pretence ofLevying mo-prerogative,  without grant ofparliament, for longer time, or in other

manner than the fame is or Jam be granted, is illegal.

5.  That it is the right of the Jubjefls to petition the King, and Right to peti-

dll committments and profecutions for fucb petitioning are illegal.  tion. '

6. That the rtnfing or keeping a (landing army within the king- Standing iom in time of  peace, tmlefs it be with confent of parliament, is agmnjl army. law.

7.  That the Jubjefls which are proteftants, may have arms for their Subjatb arm*

defence  fintable to their conditions, and as allowed by lattl.

8. That eleflion of members of parliament ought to bi free.

9.  That the freedom of Jpeeco,and debates or proceedings in 0f Ilament,ought not to be impeached or quefioncd in any court or place fp^h,

out of parliament.

10. That exceffivebail ought not to be required, nor  fines  Exceffivebail*

impofed \ nor cruel and ttnujual puniflmuntsinfiifled.

11.  That jurors ought to be duly impanelled and returned, Juries. jurors which pafs upon men in trials for high treqfon ought to be

freeholders.

iz. That all grants andpromifes offines and forfeitures ofparticular Grants of for* perfons before conviflion, are illegal and void.  feitures.

13.  And that for redrefs of all grievances, andfor the amending. Frequent par* firengthening, and preferring of the laws, parliaments ought to be held laments. frequently.

And they do claim, demand, and infifi upon all and Jmgular the premises, as their undoubted rights and liberties', and that no declarations, judgments, dungs or proceedings, to the prejudice of the people in any of thefind premiffes, ought in any wife to be drawn hereafter into  confequence or example.

To which demand of thfir, rights they are particularly encouraged by the declaration of his  bigmtefi the prince of Orange,  as being the only

meansfor obtaining a fill redrefs and remedy therein.

Hotting therefore an intire confidence. That bis faid higbnefs the prince of Orange will  perfefl the deliverance fo far advanced by him,

and will JHll prefitrve them from the violation of their rights, which they have here offer ted, and from all other attempts upon their religion, rights, and liberties.

II. The faid lords Jpiritual and temporal, and commons, ajfem- Tender of bled at Weftrainfter, do refohe. That Wiiliatn and Mary prince and princefs of Orange be, and be declared. King and Queen of England, France and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belonging, to hold the crown and royal dignity of the faid kingdoms and dominions to them the faid prince and princefs during their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them; and that the foie and full exercifeof the regal power be only in, and executed by the find prince e/'Orange, in the names of the faid prince and princefs, during their joint lives t and of ter their deeeafes, the faid erown and royal dignity of the find

t 3  kingdomt

70s  Anna  primo  Gulielmi  &  Maui a. c.a. [168 8?

kingdoms and dominions to be to the heirs of the body of the fold princefs j and fy default of fucb ijfue to the princefs Anne of Denmark, and the heirs of her body \ and for default ofJuch ijfue to the heirs of the body of thefindprince ^Orange* And the lordsfpiritual and temporal,, and commons, do pray the faid prince and princefs to accept the fame accordingly.

New oaths pf HI. And that the oaths hereafter mentioned be taken by allperfons mnegiance,  ^ wjjom tfoe oatfa ^ allegiance and fupremacy might be required by

law, injlead of them •, and tbqt the faid oaths of allegiance and fupremacy be abrogated.

Allegiance.

I A. B. do ftncerely promife and fwear, That / will be faithful, and bear true allegiance, to their Majefiies King William and Queen M$ry:

. So help.me God.

Supremacy. *T A. B .do/wear, That I do from my heart abhor, detejl, andab-JL jure as impious and heretical, that damnable dotfrine andpofition, hat princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofed or murdered by their fubjeds, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare. That no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, flate, or potentate hath, or ought .  to  have  any  jurifdiftion,  power,  fuperiority,  pre-eminence,  or  au-

thority ecclefiaJHcal or fpiritual, within this realm .*

So help me God.

Acceptance of  IV. Upon which their faid Majejlies did accept the crown and

the crown.  dignity of the kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland,

and the dominions thereunto belonging, according to the fefolution and defire of the faid lords and commons contained m the faid ueclara-Urn.

The two  V. And thereupon their Majejlies were pleafed. That the laid

bernfe* to fit. lords*fpiritual and temporal, and commons, being the t%uo houjes of parliament, should continue to fit, and with their Majefties royal concurrence make effectual provifion for the fettlement of the religion, bwt and liberties of this kingdom, fo that the fame for the future might not be in danger again of being fubvertea \. to which the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, did agree and proceed to aft accordingly.

Subjects liber- ‘ VI. Now in purfuance of the premises, the faid fords fpi-ties to be al- rjtual and temporal, and comtpons, in parliament afiembled, lowed. for the ratifying, confirming and eftabliihing the faid declaration, and the articles^ claufes, matters, and things therein contained, by the force of a law made in due form by authority ot parliament, do pray that it may be declared and ena&ed, That all and fingular the rights and liberties aflerted and claimed in the faid declaration, are the true, ancient, and indubitable rights jnd liberties of the people of this kingdom, and fo (hall be pfteemed, allowed, adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, and that all and every the particulars aforefaid (hall be firmly and

fhi<5tly

71

i688.] Anno primo Gulielmi & Marine. c.ii

Ari&ly holden and obferved, as they are exprefled in the faid declaration; and all officers and minifters whatfoever (hall ferve their Majefties and their fucceilors according to the fame in all times to come.

VTI. And the faid lord's fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ferioufly confidering how it hath pleafed Almighty God, in his marvellous providence, and merciful goodnefs to this nation, to provide and preferve their laid Majefties royal perfons mod happily to reign over us upon the throne of their anceftors, for which they render unto him from the bottom of their hearts* their humble/t thanks and praifes, do truly, firmly, afiur^dly, and in the fineerity of their heart9 think, and do hereby recognize, acknowledge and declare. That King James the Second having abdicated the government, and their MajeAies having accepted the crown and royal dignity as afbrtfaid, their faid Majefties did become, were, are, and of right ought to be, by the laws of this realm, our fovereign liege lord and lady. King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland^ and the dominions thereunto belonging, in and to whose princely perfons the royal ftate, crown, and dignity of the faid realms, with all honours, ftiles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurifdidtions and authorities to die fathe belonging and appertaining, are moft fully, rightfully, and intirtly inverted and incorporated, united and annexed.

VIII.  And for preventing all queftions and divifions in this realm, by radon of any pretended titles to the crown, and for preferving a certainty in the fucceffion thereof, in and upon which the unity, peace, tranquillity, and (afety of this nation doth, under God, wholly confift and depend. The faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, do befeech their Majefties that it may be enafted, eftablifhed and declared. That the crown and regal government of the faid kingdoms and dominions, with all and Angular the premises thereunto belonging and appertaining, (hall be and continue to their faid Majefties, and the lurvivor of them, during their lives, and the life of the furvivor of them: And that the intire, perfedt, and full ex-ercife of the regal power and government be only in, and executed by his Majesty, in the names of both their Majefties during their joint lives 5 and after their decea&s the faid crown and

Eifles (hall be and remain to the heirs of the body of her „ fty; and for default of faeh iffue, to her royal hignnefs the princefs Anne of Denmark, and the heirs of her body ; and for default of such iflue, to the heirs of the body of his faid Majesty : And thereunto the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, do, in the name of all the people aforetaid, moft humbly and faithfully fubmit themfelves, their heirs and pofte-rities for ever 5 and ao faithfully promife. That they will (land to, maintain, and defend their (aid Majefties, and alfo the limitation and fucceffion of the crown herein fpecified and contained, to the Utmoft of their powers, with their lives and eftates,

• F 4  againft

William and Mary declared King and Queen.

Limitation .of the crown.

Anno primo Gvliblmz & Marij&# c.a. [1688.

againft all perfens whatloever, that (hall attempt any thing to the contrary.

Papifts debar- IX. Ana whereas it hath been found by expirieme* that it is in-red the crown, confjient w\t/} fa fafety and welfare of this protefianl kingdom* to be governed by a popijh prime, or by any King or Sueen marrying a papift i the laid lords fpiritual and temporal, ana commons, do further pray that it may be enabled, That all and every perlbn and perlons that is, are or (hall be reconciled to, or (hall hold communion with, the fee or church of Rome* or (hall profefe the popifh religion, or (hall mai^ry a papift, (hall be excluded, and be for ever incapable to inherit, pofiefs, or enjoy the crown and government of this realm, and Ireland* and the dominions thereunto belonging, or any part of the fame, or to have, ufe, or exercifcany regal power, authority, or jurifdidUon within the fame; and in all and every such cafe or cafes the people of thefe realms (hall be, and are hereby abfolved of their allegiance ; and the (aid crown and government (hall from, time to time de-fcend to, and be enjoyed by such perfon or perlons, being pro* feftants, as (hould have inherited and enjoyed the feme, mcafe the faid perfon or perfons &> reconciled, holding communion, or profeffing, or marrying as afbrefaid, were naturally dead. AUKing^&c. X. And that eveiy King and Queen of this realm, who at to take the de- tjmc hereafter (nail come to and fucceed in the imperial a/car^a.ftat. cr9wn this kingdom, (hall on the firftday of the meeting of ». c. 1. the first parliament, next after his or her coming to the crown, fitting in his or her throne in the houfe of peers, in theprefencc of the lords and commons therein aflembled, or at his or her coronation, before such perlbn or perlons who (hall adminifter the coronation oath to him or her, at the time of his or her taking the faid path (which (hall first happen) make, fubfcribe, and audibly repeat tlie declaration mentioned in the ftatute made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An alt for the more effe&ual preferving the King's perfon and government, by difabling papifis from fitting in either houfe ef If under  parliament.  But if it (hall happen, that fuoh King or Queen,

old to txMlone uP?n his or her fucceflion to the crown of this realm, (hall be after attain- under the age of twelve years, then every such King or Queen ment thereof, (hall make, fubfcribe, and audibly repeat the faid declaration at bis or her coronation, or the first day of the meeting of the first parliament as aforefeid, which (hall first happen after such King or Queen (hall have attained the faid age of twelve years.

Ki nr** aflent XI* All which their Majefties are contented and pleafed (hall 1 s * ’ be declared, enabled, and eftablilhed by authority or this prefent parliament, and (hall ftand, remain, and be the law of this realm for ever; and the fame are by their faid Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, declared, enabled, and eftablifhed accordingly. Hen obftamus Xll. And be it further declared and ena&ed by the authority nxidc void, aforefeid, That from and after this prefent feffion of parliament, qq difpenfepon by noq objiante of or to any ftatute, or any part

thereof.

1688.]  Anpo primo Gulielmi & Makijr. d.$,—6.

thereof, (hall be allowed, bat that the fame (hall be held void and of no effed, except a dhpenfation be allowed of in such fta-tute, and except in (uch cafes as (hall be fpecudly provided for by one or more bill or bills to be.pafied during this prefent fef-fion of parliament.

XIII.  Provided that no charter, or giant, or pardon, grant-ed before the three and twentieth day of. Ofiober* in the year cepted before of our Lord one thousand fix hundred eighty tune (hall be any Oftober. ways, impeached or invalidated by this aft, but that the-feme-IhaJl be and remain of the fame force and effeA in law, and no other than as if this ad had never been made.

CAP. IIL (37.)

An ad for preventing all doubts and auenaon* concerning the collecting EXP. the publick revenue.

CAP. IV. (38.)

An ad for puriiflung officers or fbtdien who (hall mutiny or defert their EXP. Mhjcfiics ftrtkti and fbr punifliing falfe mutters.

CAP. V. (39.)

An aft for a grant tothfir Majeftiea of an additional aid. of twelve pence £XP« mthe poundTor one pear,

CAPo VI. (40.)

An off for the charging and coUeSing the duties upon coffee? tea* and chocolate? at the cuftombottfe.

WHEREAS, it batb been finality experience? that the coUefting rf the dutyarifing to your Majejlies by virtue; of feveral afls of parliament, by way of exetfe, upon the liquors of coffee? chocolate, and tea, is not only very troiiblqfome and unequal upon the retailers of tbefe liquors, but reqwretb Jucb attendance of officers? as males the neat receipt very monfideravle : For remedy thereof,

IL Be it enacted by the King’s and Qpeen’s molt excellent Afts for col-Majefties, with the aavice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and lefting exetfe temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, upon coffee, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the nine r^ealed* and twentieth day of September one tbouiand fix Hundred and ninety, lb much of every aft of parliament as cortceriis and requires the collefting the refpeftive duties by any of those afts, by way of excife, upon any of the liquors aforesaid, (hall ceafe and determine; and fo much of every the faid afts as requires the coUefting of the faid duty, by way of excife, fhall hereby be, and ale itpeajed, as to that part only that require such collection.

The duties upon cofffee, &c. to be cdlefted at the cuftom boufe. Half duty on coffee-after as March, 16)3. during this aft dhcbaixed by 4 & c W. Sc M. c. 5. C i). One pound of cocoa nuts imported from Englim plantations 6d, from other countries 2d. One pound of tea is. One pound weight of chocolate ready made 11. All to be paid above duties charged in the book of rates. Penalty for nonpayment. Two thiids repaid upon exportation. Nutmegs* See. how imported.— '.The reft of this aft is repealed. Sgg 4& 5 W. Sc M. c. £ n* k 7 W. 3. c. 7. 9 Sc jo W. 3. c. 14. is Sc 13 W. 3. c. 11. 3 Sc 4 Annas, c. 4. 6 Ann*, c. as.

7 Annas, c. 7. f. s6.10 Ann*, c. a6. 3 Geo. s. c. 7. f. 1. 2 Geo. 1. c. 15.

1. 17. xo Geo. t» c. fo. xa Geo. 1. c< a8, f. 19. 4 Geq. a. c. 14. 18 Geo.

74.

EXP.

EXP.'

Anno primo Gulielmi & Maria. €.7,-9. [1688. j

cap. \n. (41.)

An aft for review of the late poll granted to their Majeftiet, and for an additional poll, towards the reducing of Ireland.

CAP. VIII. (42.)

An aCl for preventing venations fiats againfi finch as a8ed in order to the bringing in their Majefiies, or for their fiervice.  I

WHEREAS about the time of his Majefifsglorious enterprize, I for delivering this kingdom from popery and arbitrary powery . ! and in aid and purfuance of jthe fame, divers lords, gentlemen, and I other good people, %veil ajfefted to their country, did aCt as lieutenants,

- deputy lieutenants, jujhces of the peace, or other officers, riwZ *r nrf-Zr/tffy, though not ftefficiently authorized thereunto, ouf apprehend and put into cuftody fevered criminous and JiifpeCied perfonsy and did fieize and ufie divers horfies, armsy and other things, ana did enter into the houfies and pojfiefifitons of fieveral perfions> and did quarter* and , caufie to be quartered, Joldiers and others there \ in which proceedings fome force and violence and defect of form was unavoidable, ivhicb in a time of peace and common fiafety would not have been warrantable: And alfio fince their Majefiies happy dccejjion to the crowny by reafon of the wars and troubles raifed and occajtoned by the enemies of tbeir Majefiies and. this kingdom, divers like matters and things have been acted and doney all which were neceffiary and allowable in regard of the exigence of publick affairs^ and ought to be juftifieiy and the parties concerned therein indemnified; Neverthclefsy jome perfons iU affected to their Majefiies government, and the Jafety and welfare of this kingdom, have commenced and profecutedy and threaten to commence and projicute actions and fuits againfi their Majefiies goodfub-1 jeClSyfor ana by reafon of their actings and doings aforefaid: Therefore for the preventing the trouble and charges which the faid good firth* jeCts might be put to by the means of such vexatious fuits% &c,  rro-

fccutions aeajnft any perfons for doing any thing in bringing in their Majemes, void; —defendant may pleg4 genera} iflue, and recover dc^Dlc cofts,

CAP. IX. (43.)

An aCi for the better fecurity and relief of tbeir Majefiies protefiant fubje&s of Ireland.

WHEREAS .the kingdom of Ireland is (as well by the laws of this kingdomy as those of Ireland) annexed and united to the imperial crown of England, and all aCtSy judgmentSy fentencesy or-dersy decrees, or other proceedingsy of what kind foever, there body madly or doniy without or againfi theauthority of the Kings or Spueens of this kingdom of England, are abfolutely null and void; and all perfons in Ireland that eppofe or fubmit not to the government of the crown of this reaimy are rebels, and guilty of high treafon ; notwitb-funding which, feveral perfons yfince the happy accefion of their Afa-jefiies King William and £>ueen Mary to the imperial crown of this realm.} have been lately affirmed at or mar the city ofJ)xbfa'jnthe kingdom

i$8g.]  Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Maria, c. i. 75

dm ^Ireland, without any authority firm their faid Makefiles, pretending to be, or calling thtmfthes by the name of a parliament, and in such rebellious ajjembly have made and puffed feveral pretended afts or fiatittes, inmanifeftoppofition to the fovereignty, and to the inherent rights and dignities of the crownof this realm, and to the general prejudice and violation of the rights and properties of their Majejlies good fub-jefls of that kingdom: And although all tie faid proceedings are abfo- Such afb, Ire, <• lately null and void in tbmfebues, yet nevertbelefi,for the more plain  t0  **

and exprefs declaring and averting the fovereignty, rights, and dignities of the crown of England, and for the clearing all doubts, and quieting the minds of thetr Majejlies good fubjefts of that kingdom, as alfo for the remedying, preventing, and avoiding the feveral mifehiefs and inconveniencies intended by this a& to be provided againjl, hec. EXP.

S E S S I O P R I M A,

Anno Regni GUUELMI & MARL®

At the parliament held at Weftminfter  twentieth

day of March, 1689.

CAP..L

An o9 for  recognizing King William and Mary,

for avoiding all queftions touching the aSs made in the parliament ajfemblea at Weftminfter, the thirteenth day of February, one tboufand fix hundred eighty eight.

WE your Majefties moft humble and loyal fubjeds, the King and

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre- Qs«n recog, lent parliament aflembled* do befeecb your moft excellent Ma- "**“• jpfties, that it may be publilhed and declared in this high court of parliament, and enafted by authority of the fame. That wo do recognize and acknowledge, your Majefties were, are, and of right ought to be, by the laws of this realm, our fovereign liege lord and lady King aiid Queen of England , and , and the dominions thereunto belonging, in and to whose princely perfons the royal ftate crown, and dignity of the faid realms, with all honours, ftiles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurifdidions, and authorities to the fame belonging and appertaining, are moft fully, rightfully, and intirely inverted and incorporated, upited, apd annexed.

II.  And for the avoiding of ajl difputes apd queftions con-ceming the being and authority of the late parliament aflembled meat declared at Weflnunjler the thirteenth day of February one thousand S°°d-.fix hundred eighty eight, we do moft humbly befeech your Ma-jefties that it may be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Majefties, by and with the advice and cpnlcnt of the lords fpiritual <)nd temporal, apd commons,

'  '  >P

7 6 Anno facaiidoGtJUELMi St Maria, c. *, 3.  [1589.

in this prefent parliament Ambled, and by the authority of the fame, That all'and Angular the aifts made and etiaftediH the faid parliament were and are laws and ftattites of this kingdom, and as such ought to be reputed, taken and obeyed by all the people of this kingdom.

cap- n.

Exr.  An aft for railing money by a poll, and otherwife, towards the reducing

of Ireland, and proftcnting the war againft France.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting to their Majefties for their  and

the life of the Jurvivor of them, certain impofitions upon beer \ale, and other liquors.

TH E commons aflembled in parliament, duly confidering how much it conducetli to the fafety, peace and profperi-ty of a kingdom, that the publick revenue thereof be in fome meafure proportionable td the publick charges, and with thank-fulnefs and. admiration,-calling to remembrance his Majesty’s glorious and fuccefsftd undertaking for the deliverance of the people of this nation from popery and arbitrary power, have unanimoufty given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto their Majefties (whom God long preferve) the feveral rates, . impofitions, duties, and charges upon beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors, mentioned in an aft of parliament made in the ssCar.a. c.*j. twelfth year of the reign of" his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, A grant of certain  ale,

and other liquors, fir the imreafe of his  revenue during

bis life, and thereby granted fd the (aid King for his life (except such, and fo much of them, concerning which it is other-wife provided or ordained by any aft made in the laft parliament}, and do merft humbly befeech their Majefties that it may be enafted:

Rates upon II. And be it enafted by the King’s and Queen's moft exbeer,  tec. cellent Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the

given by tj lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefetttpar-Car. ». c. *3. uament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That th "l5ng and t*ie fcvreral rates, duties, and impofitions upon beer, ale, cyder. Queen tat and other liquors aforesaid, be levied, collefted and paid unto their live*, their Majefties, during their lives, and the life of the furvivor 15Car.a. c.ti.  themj }n the fame manner and form, and atfoch places,

LXTn- and by such rules, ways, and means, and under filch penalties flat. 1.c. 7. and forfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled, and direfted in i Geo. 1. flat and by the faid aft; and alfo in and by another aft of parlia-

1.  c. 1. and ment made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his faid late Ma-ftat. Jefty» intituled. A* additional aft for the better Ordering and al-c. i*. if. 8. lefting the duty of excife, and preventing the abufts  or  by

Manner of any other law now in force, relating to the faid revenue of ex-levying. cife; and that the aforefaid afts, and every article, rule, and claufe therein mentioned, (hall be of full force and effeft, to all intents and purposes, during their Majefties lives, and the life of the furvivor of them, in like manner as if the feme were particularly and at large recited and fet down in the body of this aft.

lUf

i£#9'] Annofecundo Gkeiblmi& MarijE. g. 4,5.  77

III.  .fill whereastitir Majtjttaare contented andpltafti that it be tnafled-, That the rates, impofuims, , and charges by tins ait given-endgranted te them as  oforafaid,jbenld be madeef

credit for the rcafiug a Jim net exceeding two hundred and fifty then-find pounds, towards the reducing of- Inland, and carrying on the prefent war againfi the French King, not doubting but that their good fiebjefts f in whose love and dutiful affeQions their  are

firmly  perfumed the firength and glory of the crown doth principally

confift) will in due time make proviftenfor the taking off and charging the find anticipations: Be it therefore enabled, &V. EXP.

If their Majefties die, given to their fucceflbrt till December 169). Claufe of credit for 150,0001. at 8 I .forcent. Three part* in four to bit kept apart by the commkfioneri of the excile dll Decamber 1695. and the money to be paid weekly into the exchequer. Power given to the King to fettle 10,0001. per annum upon princefs Anne. Tbeir Majefties may fettle 10,0001, per annum upon prince George, See. if princefs Anne die before their Majefties.

CAP.  IV.  „ caries

An aft for granting to their Majefties a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, Car * c and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and a, * p “ . imported. (<Cmtmutd by 6 W. & M. cap. i. fir five yean.)  *3 “  *

Tonnage and poundage given to the King for four years. Several afts *  *

contained for four yean, Claufe of credit for 500,0001. at % fer ctaf. ^ %*'c ^

EXP*  15 Car". i. 07.

CAP.  V.  1 Jac.«. c. 19.

for

An a£l for enabling the fale of goods  for rent,  in

cafe the rent be not paid in a reafonable time.

WHEREAS themofi ordinary and ready  for recovery of

arrears of rent is by difirefs, yetfueb difireffes net being to be fold, hut only detained as pledges for enforcing the payment of rent, the perfons difiraining have little benefit thereby: For the remedying whereof,

II.  Beit ena&ed and ordained by the King’s and Queen’s 9°*?dsj'* moft excellent Majefties, by and with the advice and confent K™n^,ay £e of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pee- appraifed and fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, fold.

That from and after die first day of Jttne, in the year of our

Lord one thoufend fix hundred and ninety, that where any

goods or chattels (hall be diftrained for any rent referved and

due upon any delude, leafe, or contract wbatfoever, and the 8 Ann. c. 14.

tenant or owner of the goods fo diftrained (hall not within live « Geo.1x.19.

days next after such diftreft taken, and notice thereof (with the

caufe of such taking) left at the chief manfion-houfe, or other

moft notorious* (due! on the premifles charged with the rent

diftrained for, replevy the fame, with fufficient fecurity to be

given to the iheruF, according to law, that then in such cafe,

after such difttefs and notice as afore laid, and expiration of the

faid five days, the perfim diftraining (hall and may, with the

lheriff or under lheriff of the county, or with the conftable of

the hundred, parifti, or place where such diftrefs (hall be taken

(who are hereby required.to be tiding and aflUbng therein)

caufe

Corn loofe, &c. may be detained and iold.

Treble damages for poundbreach

t Lutw. *13. Cartbew 341.

Double damages and cods againft wrongful dif-trainer.

Anno fecondo Guuelmi & MAiujE. G.5.  [1689.

caufc the goods and chattels (q diftrained to be appraifed by two fwom appraifers (whom such flieriff, under (heriff, of conftable are hereby impowered to fwear) to appraife the fame truly, according to the beft of their underftandings j and after such ap-praifement (hall and may lawfully fell the goods and chattels fo diftrained for the beft price can be gotten for the fame, 'towards fatisfadUon of the rent for which the faid goods and chattels fhall be diftrained, and of the charges of such diftrefc, appraife-ment, and fale, leaving; the overplus (if any) in the hands of the faid flieriff, under flieriff, or conftable, for the owners ufe.

III.  And whereas no /heaves or cods of corn loofe or in the Jlraw, or hay in any barn or granary, or on any hovel, Jack* or rid* can by the law be diftrained, or otherwife fecured for rent, whereby landlords are oftentimes coufened and deceived by their tenants, who fell their com, grain, and hay to ftrangers, and remove the famefrom the premijfes chargeable with such rent, and thereby avoid the payment of the fame \ be it further enadted by authority aforefaid. That for remedying the faid practice and deceit, it (hall and may, from and after the faid first day of June, be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons having rent arrear, and due upon any such demife, leafe, or contrad as aforesaid, to feize and fe-cure any (heaves or cocks of corn, or com loofe or in the draw, or hay lying or being in any barn or granary, or upon arty hovel, (tack, or rick, or otherwife upon any part of the land or ground charged with such rent, and to lock up or detain the fame in the place where the fame (hall be found, for or in the nature of a diftrefs, until the fame (hall be replevied upon such (ecurity to be given as aforefaid ; and in default of replevying the fame as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, to fell the lame after such appraifement thereof to be made; fo as neverthelefc such com, grain, or hay fo diftrained as aforesaid, be not removed by the perfon or perfons diftraining, to the damage of the owner thereof, out of the place where the fame (hall be found and feized, but be kept there (as impounded) until the fame (hall be replevied, or fold in default of replevying the fame within the time aforefaid.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon any pound-breach or relcous of goods or chattels

• diftrained for rent, the perfon or perfons grieved thereby (hall, in a fpecial aftion upon the cafe for the wrong thereby luftain-ed, recover his and their treble damages and cofts of fuit againft the offender or offenders in any such refcous or pound-breach, any or either of them, or againft the owners of the goods diftrained in cafe the fame be afterwards found to have come to his ufe or poffeftion.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, Thjrt in cafe any such diftrefs and (ale, as aforesaid, (hail be made by virtue or colour of this prefent a<ft for rent pretended to be arrear and due, where in truth no rent is arrear or due to the perfon or perfons diftraining, or to him or them in whofenaoie or names, or right, such diftrefs (hall be taken as aforefaid; that then the

owner

1689.3 Anno fecundd GGlielmi & Marine, c. 6,7,8.  79

owner of such goods or chattds diftrained and fold as aforesaid, bis executors or adminiftrators, fhall and may, by aftion of tref-pals, or upon the cafe, to be brought againn the perfon or per-ions lb dinraining, any or either or them, his or their executors or adminiftrators, recover double of the value of the goods or chattels lb diftrained and fold, together with full cofts of fuit.

CAP. VI.

An aft for the exercife of the government by her Majetty during bis * _  “*  “*

Majefty’i abfence. EXP.

CAP. VII.

An a£t to declare the right and freedom of election of membert to ferve in parliament for the Cinque-Ports.

WHEREAS the eleftion tf members to ferve in parliament ' ought to be free j and whereas the late lord wardens of the Cinque-Ports have pretended unto., and claimed as of a power of nominating and recommending to each of the faid Cinque-Ports, the two ancient towns, and their  refpeftive membeone perfon whom

they ought to cleft to ferve as a baron or member of parliament for fucb refpeftivt  port, ancient  town, or m, contrary to the ancient  ujage, right,  and freedom of eleftions:

II.  fie it therefore declared and'enaAed by the King’s and Recommen-Queen’s moft excellent Majefties, by and with the advice and datum* of confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in J? this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Port* voidV fame. That all such nominations or recommendations were and are contrary to the laws and conftitutions of this realm, and for the future (hall be fo deemed and conffrued, and hereby are declared to have been and are void to all intents and pur-poles whatfoever; any pretence to the contrary notwkhftand-ing.

'CAP. VIII.

An  aft for reverfing the judgment in a Quo Warranto againfi

the city of London, ana for refioring the city of London - to its ancient rights and  privileges.

WHEREAS a judgment teas given in the court of King’s Bench in or about Trinity term, in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, upon an information in the nature of a Quo Warranto, exhibited in the faid court againfi the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of .

London, that the liberty, privilege, and  of thefaid mayor '*

and commonalty and citizens, being a body politick and corporate,

Jbouldbe feized into the King’s hands as forfeited: Andas the faid Judgment, and the proceedings thereupon, is and were illegal and arbitrary \ and for that the refioring of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, to their ancient liberties, of which they had been deprived, tends very much to the pease and good fettlement of this kingdom.

II. Be

to

Judgment again# the city charter void.

London made a corporation

Their liberties regranted to them*

Grants Cnee the iudgment void.

Anno fecund© Gplielmi fit Marl*. c.B. [1689.

II.  Be it deckle*^ and ena&ed by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent nuyefhes, by and with the advice and oonfcnt of the loads fpiritnal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the j faid judgment given in the laid court of King's Bexchiti the faid Trinity term, in the five and thirtieth year of die reign of the [ faid King Charles the Second, or in any other term, and all and every other judgment given or recorded in the faid court, for the feizing into the laid late King’s hand, the liberty, privilege, or franchife of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the 1 city of London, of being of thcmfelves a body corporate and politick, by the name o? The mayor and commonalty and dttscens of the city of London, and by that name to plead and be impleaded, and to anfwer and to be anfwered, or in what manner or words lbever such judgment was entred, is, (haU be, and are hereby reverted, annulled, and made void, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever5 and that vacates be entred upon the rolls of the laid judgment, for the vacating and reverial of the lame accordingly.

III.  And be it further declared and enadted by the authority a-foreteid. That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of thecity of London, (hall and may for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be, and preferibe to be, a body corporate and politick, in re, fade & nomine, by the name of mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city if London, and by that name, and all and every other name and names of incorporation, by which they at any time before the faid judgment were incorporated, to foe, plead, and be impleaded, and to anfwer and to be anfwered, without any feixure or fonejudger of the (aid franchife, liberty, and privilege, or being thereof excluded or oufted, for or upon any pretence of any forfeiture or mifdemeanor at any time heretofore, or hereafter to be done, committed, or differed; and the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, (hall and may, as by law they ought, peaceably have and enjoy all and every their rights, gifts, charters, grants, liberties, privileges, franchifes, cuftoms, ufages, confutations, prescriptions, immunities, markets, duties, tolls, lands, tenements, eftates, and hereditaments whatfoever, which they lawfully had, or had lawful right, title, or intereft of, in, or to, at the time of the recording or giving the faid judgment, or at the time or times of the fiud pretended forfeitures.

IV.  And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all charters, letters patents, and grants, for incorporating the ci« tizens and commonalty, of the faid city, or any of them, and all charters, grants, letters patents, aud coinmiffions, touching or-conceming any of their liberties or franchifes, or the liberties, privileges, franchifes, immunities, lands, tenements, and’hereditaments, rights, titles, or eftates of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, made or granted tt> any perfon or perfons whatfoever, by the late King Charles the Second, fiace the faid judgment given, or by the late King

James

2

i6go.] Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Marl*, c.8. 8t

James the Second, be and are hereby declared and adjudged null and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

V.  Provided neverthelefe, That no recoveries, verdicts, Procef, in the judgments, ftatutes, recognizances, inquifitions, indictments, mayor>court, prefentments, informations, decrees, fcntences, executions, nor &c* 6°°^ any plaints, procefs, or proceedings in law or equity, had,

made, given, taken, or done, or depending in the mayor’s or either of the (heriffs courts, or any other court within the faid city or liberties thereof, fince the faid judgment given, (hall be avoided for want or defedt of any legal power in thole that aCt-ed as judges, jultices, officers or minilters of, in, or as belonging to any of the (aid courtsj but that all and every such recoveries, vetdids, judgments, and other things above mentioned, and the aCtings, doings, and proceedings thereupon,

[hall be of such and no other force, eflfeCt, and virtue, than as If such judges, juftices, officers, and minifters had aCted by virtue of legal authority; and that no perfon or perfons (hallbe n any wife profecuted, f«ed, impeached, or molefted for any caufe or thing by him or them lawfully afted or done, in lurfuance of any such charters, letters patents, grants, or com-millions.

VI.  Provided, That this aCt (hall not extend to difeharge Bwjjws not • >ny perfon or perfons from any penalty or penalties, or for-

eitures by him or then) incurred, for not duly qualifying him a *

»r themfelves to aCt upon the faid charters, letters patents, grants, or commiffions.

VII.  And be it enaCled by the authority afbrefaid. That all Officsr* at the officers and minifters of the faid city, that rightfully held any 51*?* ™ the affice or place in the faid city or liberties thereof, or in the {fr^*1*”** jorough of Southwark, at the time vfrhen the faid judgment

vas given, are hereby confirmed, and (hall have and enjoy the ame as fully as they held them at the time of the faid jydg-r nent given; except such as have voluntarily furrendred any 'uch office or place, or have been removed for any juft caule; ind that every perfon who, fince the faid judgment given, hath >een chofen, admitted, and placed into any office or imploy-nent within the (aid city, upon the death, furrender, or re-noval as aforesaid, of the former officer, (hall be and is hereby confirmed in his (aid office or imployment, and (hall lave ind enjoy the feme in as foil and ample manner, as if he had >een admitted or placed therein according to the ancient cu* toms of the faid city.

VIII.  Provided aho, and be it eria&ed by the authority afore- Leafet mad* aid. That all leafes and grants of any of the lands, tenements, fine* the judg, hereditaments, and other things, before the time of the. faid ment’ udgment given, belonging to the feid mayor and eommpnalty

»nd citizens, and ufually leafed pr granted by them, made finoe the time of the faid judgment-given by the feid late King Charles the Second, or King James the Second, or by any perfon or perfons taking upon them to be truftees for the feid city, for the prefervation or maintenance of the government or publick office*

You IX,  G  ef

82  Anrib  ftaando GOLltLMI & MARUB. c8. [1690.

of the faM oty, by or upon pmwic* of any grant or commifTion by their (aid late Msjefttes, King barbs the Second, and King Jtfrws the Second, or either of diem, such grant* and leafea being made for juft, good, and valuable confidcratioas, and thereupon the eld accuftomed yearly rent, or more, baft been referred, payable into die chamber or bridge-houife, or any of the hofoitals of the (hid dty,AaH be as good and valid for the terms, and under the rents, payments, pfovifoes, conditions, covenants, and agreements therein refpeftirely contained, againftthe mayor and oemmotialty and citizens of die faid city, and their fuccef-fors, as if die fame had-been made by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, under their common feal, and the (aid judgment had never been given, and not uthtrwife. And the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, fltaH have the benefit and advantage of all rents, reservations, payments, conditions, covenants, claufies, and agreements in every fiach grant or leafe contained, and the like remedy for nonpayment, breach, Or non-obfervtince thereof, as if the mid grant! or leads had been made by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and the faid rents, payments, conditions, covenants, daufes, and agreements had been made payable, referved, covenanted, of agreed to and with the laid ‘mayor and commoni-ty and citizens.

IX.  And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforesaid, That all judgments, decrees,- and fcntcnces had or obtained by any perfon or perfons taking upon them to be ttruftees as afort-faid, for or concerning any lands, tenements, duties, tolls, and interefts whatfoever, of or belonging to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, (hall ftand ana remain in force, and (hall be prbfecuted and executed by, and to and for the ufe of the faid mayor end commonalty and citizens, as if the. fame had been obtained in the name of the-faid mayor and Commonalty and citizens; and that all perfons being natural-bom fubje&s or denizens, that have been admitted into the freedom of the fold city, fttlce the faid judgment given, (hall be free thereof, and have and enjoy the (aid freedom to all intent; and purposes, as if they bad been thereunto admitted before the faid judgment given.

Mayor, tec. to X. Provided always, That the prefent mayor, fheriffs, chant-continue till fccriaj,^ and common council of the faid city, fhall continw until a new election (hall be made of fach officers, and the perfons elected fwom into their refpeflive offices, and that fuel new election be made at the times hereafter Mentioned * that i to fay, the deftion of the mayor, and (heriffs, and chamber lain, (hall be made on the fix and twentieth day ofMay,in the yei one thousand fix hundred and ninety $ and the election of tfci common council (hall be made on the tenth day of June? in th year one thousand fix hundred and ninety; and such perfons $ ele&ed (hall continue till the ufual times of election of such offi cers, according to the ancient ufage and cuftom of the faid cirj and from thence (hall continue for the year enfuing.

XI.  Pa

Judgment* For the city good.

Freedoms

good.

new election.

i  690,1 Anno feumto Ghielmi & Marls,  8$

XI.Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if the Old mavor, mayor* (hetrifii, .chamberlain, and common council, (hall not &hc\in>if no be cle&ed at the times hereby limited, the mayor, (heriffs,c 01ce‘ chamberlain, and common council, which were in being at the time of the (aid judgment giveJh, (hall he and continue in those idjpedivc offices and pieces, till mw ekdmns be made of tbe like officers and common council, according to the ancient ufago and cuftom of the feid city.

XU.  - And bek further eaafted; That all perfons fo to he re. Perfon, rtftor-

(loredand continued, (hall be .and art hereby required to tafce-'d,&c. tot*k« the oaths appointed by a certain a<Sl made in the first year of,'w'vm.* their Majefbes reign, intituled,' An a SI  i. ci  -

oaths  ofjuprtnktty  andaUtgiomo, and appointing otbtr  the next

term after such reft]union, under the penalties, forfeitures, dif« abilities, and incapacities in the (aid adl provided and appointed.

XIU.  And be it enadled, That the mayor, (heriffs, and cham- Mayor, berlaln, fo to be elefbed, (hall be (worn in ufual manner .on ot (worn asufual. before tbe.twenfictb day of Jun* next enfuing.

XIV.  And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That alt Companies r«< and every of the feveral companies ant} corporations of the faid ftored. city (hall from henceforth (land and be incorporated by such

name and names, and iii such fort and manner, a& they reflectively were at the time .of the (aid judgment given, and evefy pf them are hereby reftored to all and every the hods,' tenements, hereditaments, rights, titles, eftates, liberties, powers, privileges, precedencies, and immunities, which they lawfully hod and enjoyed at the time of ghring the faid judgment j and-that as well all furrenders, as charters, letters patents, and. grants for new incorporating any of the faid companies, ortouching or concerning any or their liberties, privileges, or (ranehifos, made or granted by the (aid late King Janets, of by the faid King Chants the Second, fine* the giving of the £ud judgment, 1  '  '•  <

(hall be void, and-are hereby declared null and void, to ail in. tents and purposee whatsoever. Provided neverthelefs. That no perfon or perfons (hall be in any wife profecutod, fued, impeached, or molefted for any caufe or thing by him or them lawfully adted or done in- purfuance of any such charters, letters patents, or grants.

XV.  Provided alfo neverthelefs, and it is hereby further ottadt-

ed by the authority aforesaid, That all leafes, terms, and eftatSS  jj

made or granted by any of the faid companies fines the giving of the faid judgment, for juft' artd valuable confideratfons, and B whereupon the old aceuftomed yearly rents, or-more, are rec ferved, (hall (land, and be of the fame force and eftedt, as if tbe fame had been made or granted by the faid feveral companies as hereby reftored -, and the laid refpedtive companies, and ' tlieir fucceflbrs (hall have the benefit and advantage of all rents, refervations, payments, conditions, covenants, claufes,' and a*-agreements, in all and every such leafe pr grant contained, and the like remedy therefore, as if the fame grants and leaks had been made by the (aid rsfpc&ive companies as now reftored, and

G 2 the

Freedom*

good.

Publick aft.

Anno fecundo GuLIELMI & Mari^, c.9. [1690.

the faid rents, payments, conditions, covenants, chutes, and agreements had been made payable, referved, covenanted, and agreed to or with them refpeftively.

XVI.  Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That all and every perfonand perfons, who at any time fince- the faid judgment have been admitted into the freedoms, or into the liveries of the laid companies, according to the ufages and cuftoms of the faid city, and their refpeftive companies, fhall be and enjoy all the rights and privileges of a freeman and of a liveryman, to all in* tents and purposes, as if they had been admitted before the laid judgment.

XVII.  Provided! always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this prefent ad of parliament mall be accepted, taken, and reputed to be a general and publick aft of parliament; of which all and every the judge and judges of this kingdom in all courts fhall take notice on all occafions whatfoever, as if it were a publick aft of parliament relating to the whole kingdom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An aft for the dife ouraging the importation of thrown filk.

WHEREAS tbe  importatio of fome forts of thrown inti

this realm is greatly prejudical to the exportation of the woolen mamfailures thereof and tends very much to the impoverijhing greet numbers of artificers,  whofolivelyhood anddepends upon

throwing of raw  filk, and if longer permitted, may endanger the over-

throwing of that art or myfiery in this nation : and whereas of hue great quantities of thrown filk have been imported from  parti

and pious.in Europe, which are not the places of its growth or pn-duftion, add thereby the true intent and meaning of toe a£i made it uCar.s. c. iS. the twefth year of King Charles the  , intituled, An adk for the

encouragement and increafing of (hipping and navigation, it evaded :for the prevention of which mifehiefs, and for the better encouraging the feveral manufactures of this kingdom, and of that ufcful and national trade into Turkey, and the better fup-porting the art of throwing filk.in this realm, and the poor therein imployed:

Thrown filk II, Be it declared and enafted by the King’s and Queen's mod excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the a a Car.*. c?ig. l°rds fpiqtual and temporal, and commons, io this prefent par-’ liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the throwing of filk is not, nor ought to be conftrued, a manufacture within the intention of the faid aft, for the encouraging and Thrown filk increafing of (hipping and navigation; and that no thrown filk d bnW ned *he 8rowt^1 or produftion of  Ptrfia,  India, or , o:

’ of any other countryor place (except only such thrown filk, as u or fhall be of the growth or production of Sicily, or of the kingdom of Naples, and which fhall be imported in such fhip> at \ \eflels, and navigated in such manner, as in the faid aft of na< vigation is direfted or allowed, and brought from fome of thi

.  ,  pore

85

169a] Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Mari.®. c*i.'.

ports of those countries or places, whereof the fame is of the growth or production, and which (hall come direftly by fea, and not otherwise) (hall at any time after the five and twentieth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety, be brought or imported into the kingdom of dominion of Wiles, the ifiands of Jerfey or  ,  or  the

town of Berwick upon Tweed; under the penalty and forfeiture of all such thrown (ilk, fo imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this aft: one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of the King’s and Queen's majeraes, their heirs Penalty, and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to such perfon or perfons as (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame, to be recovered by bill, plaint, information, or other aftion, in any of their Majefties courts of record, wherein no elloin, protection, or wager of law lhall be allowed.

III.  Provided neverthelefs. That this ad (hall not extend to Thnnn, fjk

any thrown filk of the growth or production of Italy, Sicily, or from Italy, kingdom  ot Naples, that (hall be brought in, or imported into

England, otherwife than by this aft is directed, at or before the firft

day of September, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, and which (lull be proved by the oath of the party, his fervant or agent, to whom the fame doth belong or appertain, to have been provided and bought by his and their order from England, in fome part or place in Italy, Sicily, or the kingdom of , at or before the firfi day of June, one thousand fix hundred and ninety; which faid oath the commiffioners of the'cuftoms, or , any two of them, for the time being, are hereby imppwered to adminifter.

IV.  Provided always, That no thrown filk, laden in 71tror"/llk Perjia, or China, to be imported into England, on or before the £°m India» twentieth day of September, one thousand fix hundred ninety See < & 6 w. one, (hall be liable to any forfeiture by virtue of this aft; any & M. c. 3. thing to the( contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. X.

An aft for the King's and Queen's moft gracious, general, and free pardon.

S ESS IO SECUNDA..

Anno Regni GULIELMI SP MaRLE  .

At the parliament held atWeftminfter, the twentieth

day of March, * 1690. . rb, firmer

editions berm it

CAP. I. (if.)  December.

An a£t for granting an aid to their Majeftiet of the fnm of fixteen hundred gxP. fifty one thousand ftven hundred and two pounds, eighteen (hillings.

c3

CAP.

I

Anna fccvmdo GaLifetMj & Maxi a, c a, 3* [1690.

C A P. II* (12.)

An aS concerning the comnffioners of the admiralty*

v YTTHEREAS the office of lord high admired ^England hath at ;YV fundry times, and for feveral years, ir*/i executed,  <x3

authorities to the fame belonging exercifed, by divers commifficncrl for that purpose appointed by their MqjefheS and the late Kings, hut of fatefome doubt hath rifen, whether certain authorities belonging to the faid office of lord high admiral did or do of right belong to, and might, may, or ought to have been or be exercifed by such lommljjjotiers fot the time being: now for avoiding dll such doubts and quejtions,

The power of . tf# J3$ it declared and enadted by the King’s and Queen’s be^xccute^  majefties,  by and with the advice and confent of

by commit* ^or^s Spiritual" and temporal, and commons, in this prefent loners. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ’all and Angular authorities, jurifdiftions, and powers, Which by anv aft of parliament or otherwife have been, and are lawfully yetted, fettled, and placed in the lord high admiral of England for. the time being, have always appertained to, and '.of right might have been, and may, and (hall be had, enjoyed, ufed, ex-' ercifed^ and executed by the commifltoners for executing the office of high admiral of England for the time being, according to their commiffions, to. all intents and purposes, as if the faid fcouimiffioners were lord hiih admiral or England. ‘  .

This aft gives JII. Provgled, That nothing in this aft contained (hall er-110 new power. jen<j^ or be taken, or conftrued to extend, to give or allow to the lord high admiral,' or to the commifliohers fdr executing the office of high admiral, any other authority, juriftli&Soti, or power, than the lord high admiral lawfully had, or might have „  had,  ufed  and excrcifed, if tbi$ aft had not been made. *

Cfikers tryers IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon all tryal$ of offenders by courts martial to be held by virtue of any ctwn-miflion to be granted by the lord high admiral, or the coracnif-fioners for executing the office ofhigh admiral, every officer prefent (hail before any proceeding to tryal, take an oath before the. court (which oath the judge advocate, or his deputy for the time being, are hereby refpeftively authorized to adminifter) in thefe words following \

YO U ffaU weU and truly try and determine ibo mailer now 'before you, between ourfovereign Urd and lady the King and Queen's mjeftip, and the prisoner to be tryod j •

Sp help you God.

This cktufe direfling the oath to be taken by officers upon trials is repealed by 22 Geo. 2. c. 33,

CAP. III. (13.), .

Ab aft for doubling the duty of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the fpace of one year,

. a:;  >

(hafl take an oath.

The oath*.

CAP.

9;

j6po.] AnnafccundtJ Gvlxelmi 2t Maj&v. c.4.

CAP. IV. (14.)

An all for granting to  Heir  Majefties  upon

attEaft India goods and  manufaStures,and upon allwroughl

filks, and feveral other goods and merchandize, to he imported after the five etna twentieth dap of December, one ihtufand fix hundred and ninety,

Mqfl gracious Sovereigns, .

TH £ commons aiembied in parliament, for a further fop* Import. 1690-ply of you tMajefties prcfent occafions, in the peceffary °  c. 9-

defence of your realms, the perfect reducing of Ireland, and the  cmti-

effe&ual profecotion of the war againft France, have given mudbj 8 and granted, and hereby give and grant unto your Majefties the Anns, and additional and other rates, impositions, duties, and charges ups *“** on the feveral forts ofgoods and merchandize to be imported in- £  f n*’

to this yoqr Majefties kingdom, herein after exprefihd, during such time, and in such manner and form, as herein after* follow-eth: and do humbly pray your Majefties that it nay be enadted;

II.  And be it ena&ed by the King’s and Queorc malt excellent majefties, by and with the advice and eonftnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent pariia- -ment aftembled, and by the, authority of the lame, That there lhall be anfwered and paid to their Majefties and their fucceftbrs, for the feveral goods and merchandises hereafter mentioned^ over end above all impofitions, duties and charges already up* pofed and-payable upon and for the lame, the further rates and duties following, viz.

III.  For all cailieoes, and all other Indian linen, and for all cfPco?fier~ .wrought filks, and other manufo&ures of and. China (ex- w & M e c, cept indigo) imported after the five and twentieth day of De- ft ju ' ’ *' tember, ’one thousand fix hundred and ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one <thousand fix hundred and ninety five, twenty pounds for every hundred pounds value thereof.

IV.  For all wrought filks imported within the time aforesaid, from any other place, ten pounds for every hundred pounds value thereof. >

V.  For all raw filks imported within the time aforesaid, from *

China or from the Eaft Indies, five pounds for every hundred pounds value thereof.

VI.  For all linen imported within the time aforesaid, from Linen altered any parts from whence the fame may be by law imported (other 4 & s w* than linen cloth of the manufacture of the  Netherlands,  e'5’

or of the United Provinces, not exceeding an  ell  and  half

quarter in breadth) one moiety over and above what is already impofed upon the fame in the book of rates.

VII.  And for all linen cloth of the manufacture of the Spanijb 'Netherlands, or of the United Provinces, of the breadth of two eils or upwards, and under three ells, as much more as what the fiunc is charred with in the book of rates, and of the breadth

G4  of

I)  Anno fecundo Golielmi & Maria, c.4. [1690*

of three ells or upwards, treble as much as what the lame is charged with in the book of rates.

VIII.  And for all deal timber, or other timber, beards, wainfcot, pipe Haves, box wood, and other wood imported within the time aforefaid from any part of Europe (except Ire* land) ten pounds for every hundred pound value thereof above What is charged thereupon in the book of rates.

IX.  For every ton of hempfeed oil, rape oil, and other feed oil, imported after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred.and ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, eight pounds ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity of the refpeftive goods and merchandize before mentioned.

X.  For every hundred weight of hops, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported from foreign parts after the faid five and twentieth day of December^ one thou&nd fix hundred and ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, twenty lhillings, over and above what the fame are charged with in the book of rates ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

tbr redmBion tf XL For every hundred weight of pepper, containing one tbefi duties hundred and twelve pounds, imported after the faid five and fie s Geo. i. twentieth day of December, and before the faid tenth day of Nt-c* r> ,5‘ vember, one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, twenty eight lhillings, over and above what the fame is charged with in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity; one third part of the laid duty charged upon pepper to be paid down, and bond to be given for payment of the refi-due at the end of twelve months, or dfc to difeount after the rate of ten pounds per centum*, on paying down the whole duty, j Patfins ibo /. XII. For every hundred pound value of grocery wares and %15 druggs (other than pepper and liquorice, which are hereby par-to*paybuttL tieuiarly charged; and alfo except currants, fugar, tobacco, fa+ and 5 w. mace, cinnamon, nutmegs, and cloves) imported after the faid &M.c.5. f. to. Sac and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred But  and  ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one thousand

Xim*,c^7.f.6.  hundred and ninety five, ten pounds,

too L value of XIIL And for every hundred pound value of currants im-euKremts, after ported within the time aforesaid, five pounds, over and above *$Marcb%i6M, what the fame are rripeftively charged with in the book of rates;

c vv°i* *n proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

M. c. 5. f. jo. XIV. For every ton of iron wrought of unwrought, or caft (except bu£hel iron) imported from any foreign parts after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, in any other Ihip or vefiel than such as are Engtijh built, and whereof the mailer and three fourths of the mariners at the lead are Engli/b, thirty three (hillings.

XV. And for every ton of such iron whicn lhall be imported in such Engli/b built uiip or vefiel fo navigated, three and twenty lhillings, over and above what the fame is charged with in the book of rates; and fo inproportiopfor any greater or lefier quantity.

XVI.  And

tg

1690.] Anno fecundoGULiELMi & Maria, c.4.

XVI.  And for all forts of foreign iron wire (except card wire, and all forts of iron wire linaller than the forts commonly called

or known by the names offine fine and fine, and all wool cards, or any other wares made of iron wire j to be imported between the five and twentieth day of  , one thousand

fix hundred and ninety, and the tenth day of  , one

thousand fix hundred and ninety five, there fhall be paid for every hundred weight, containing one hundred ana twelve pounds, two and twenty (hillings and. fix pence, and alfo the duty mentioned in the book of rates, to be paid by the importer, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity; which forts of iron wire (except as aforefaid) it fhall and may be law* fill for any perfbn or perform whatfbever to import within the time aforesaid, and no longer; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary hotwithftanding.

XVII.  And for all forts of ficel wire imported within the time aforesaid, the fum of fourteen (hillings for every hundred weight, containing as aforesaid, over and above the duty charged i n the book ofrates; and (bin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

XVIII.  ' And for every iron pot, and iron kettle, imported within the time aforesaid, one (hilling and three pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rates.

XIX* For every find back for chimnies, imported within , , the time aforesaid, one (hilling and two pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rates.

XX.  For every large back for chimnies, imported within the time aforeiaid, two (hillings and four pence, over and a-bove what is charged in the book of rates.

XXI.  For every hundred weight of iron (lit or hammered into rods, commonly known by tne name of rod  , containing

one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time aforesaid, five (hillings, over and above what is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity.

XXII.  For every hundred weight of frying pans, containing as aforesaid, imported within the time aforesaid, four (hillings, over and above what is charged in the bode of rates; and fo in proportion-for any greater or lefier quantity.

XXIII.  For every hundred weight of fteel, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time aforesaid, five (hilling and fix pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater orkfierquantity.

XXIV.  For every hundred weight or anvils wrought, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time aforesaid, nine (hillings and three pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

XXV.  For every hundred of (ingle white or black plates imported within-the time aforeiaid, four (hillings and four pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

XXVI.  For every hundred of double white or black plates, imported within the time aforesaid, tight (hillings and eight

penoe,

Anno -fcetrodo GVlielmj & Makij*. c.4* [ 1690.

pence, crver and above what is charged in the book of rates ; and fa in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

XXVII.  For every hamefs plate, or iroti double, imported within the time aforesaid, one (hilling and four pence, over and above what is charged in the book of rites.

-  XXVIII. For every hundred weight of Iron drawn or ham* mered, left than three quarters of an inch fquare, and all other iron ware manufactured, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time aforesaid, five (billings, over and above what is charged in the book of rates.

XXIX.  Provided, That no manufactured iron or iron ware, which by this aCt is charged to pay by the piece or hundred weight, ihall be liable to pay the duty of thirty three (hillings, or twenty three (hillings by the ton, impofed by tins ad. -

XXX.  And for every hundred weight of brafs, fatten, or copper wilt, containing one’ hundred and twelve pounds, imported .within the time aforesaid, fifteen-(hillings, over and above what is charged in the book of rates * and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

: XXXI. For every laft of hemp feed, cole feed, andrape feed, imported after the laid five and twentieth day of December, 0 thousand fix hundred and ninety, and before the tenth day of November, one. thousand fix hundred and ninety five, four pounds, above what the fame is charged with in the book of rates.

XXXII.  For all yam of flax or hemp,other than cable yam, imported after the laid five and twentieth day of  one  thcra-

fand fix hundred and ninety, and- befbre the tenth day of Number., one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, an additional duty of as mueh as! what is now charged thereupon in the bookofrates.

XXXIII.  For every hundred weight or cable yam, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time afore-laid, five (hillings 5 and ib in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity of the laid feeds or yam.

-  XXxIV. For all drinking glades and other glafe, and all manufactures of glafs (except Rhenijb and  window glafe)

imported within the time aforesaid, three (hillings lor every twenty (hillings value thereof, above what the fame is charged with ia the book of rates.

XXXV.  For every hundred weight of molodes, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time a-forefaid, from any other place than the Englijh plantations ir.

America, eight (hillings, over and above what the fame is charged with in the book of rates.

XXXVI.  For every hundred weight of tallow, containing one hundred and twelve pounds* imported within the time aforesaid, five (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity.

XXX VII. For every hundred weight of tallow candles imported within the time aforesaid, and containing one hundred and twelve pounds, ten (hillings; and- fo in proportion for ant greater or lefier quantity,  %

XXXVIII. For every pound of bever wool cut and combed, imported within the time, aforefaid (except wool combed »

1696.3 Anna{condoGululmi & Marl®. c.4.

Xn^and imparted from thence in E"tW> ftiips) fifteen (hillings*

XXXIX. for every barrel of pot.a(hes, containing two hundred weight neat, imported within the time aforesaid, eight (hillings, above what thd hiM ia charged With in the book of rates ; and fo proportionahly for any greater or lefler quantity.

XL. For every hundred, weight of cordage ready wrought, coot aiding one hundred and .twelve pound*, imported within, the time aforesaid, five (hillings, over and above what the Came ie charged with in the book of rates!} and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

XLL For every ton of olive oil imported within the time aforesaid, font' pounds, above what the lame is charged with in, the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler, quantity.

XLII. For all paper imported within the time aforefiiid, foe feveral duties following, over and above -what the fame are re-Ipe&ivdy changed with in the book of rates (that is to lay) for every ream of royal paper two (billings > for every ream of blue paper, demy paper, and painted paper, one (lulling and fix pence; for every bundle of beovn paper two pence; and for all idler paper, ^imported, asinuthmoreas what the fame is how charged with in the book of rates.

. XLIIL For ferny hundred weight «f liquorice, containing me hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time iforafiud, eighteen (hillings and eight pence, above what the ante ie chajged with in the bode of rates; and fo. proportion-ibly for any greats at Idler quantity.

XLIV. And for every suchr hundred weight «f liquorice jowder imported within the time aforesaid, one pound, feven-teen (hillings, and four pence.

XLV. And for every pound weight of juice of liquorice im-aorted within the time aforesaid, one (hilling, and fo propor-ionably for any greater at letter-quantity. -

XL Vi. For evCy hundred weight of barilla or faphore, con-aining one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the ime aforefajd, two (hillings and. (qr pence above what the fame s charged with in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for. my greater bi lefler quantify.

XLVII. Far every hundred weight pf fope imported within die time aforesaid, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, ten (hillings, over and above what is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

XLVffi. For all earthen ware, not mentioned in the book if rates, imported within the time aforesaid, two (hillings and fix pence for every twenty (hillings value thereof.

XL1X. For every hundred weight of (larch, containing pdf-fiundredand twelve poupda, imported within the time aforesaid, twenty (hillings, above what the fame is charged with in the-look of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity..

L.For every hundred weight of allom, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time aforesaid,

two

92  Anno primo Gulieimi & Maris, a 4.'  [1690,

two (hillings and fix pence, above what the fiune is charged with in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

LI. For e^ery hundred weight of brimftone, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, imported within the time afore-faid, four (hillings and eight pence, above what the fame is charged with in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

LII- For every hundred weight of tin, imported within the time aforesaid, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, thirty (hillings, over and above what the fame is charged in the book of rates; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

Value of  LIII.  Provided  always, and be it enadted. That where any

goods not duties upon goods ahd merchandize herein before granted, are tioned'bow t0 be levied according to the value of the fiune, where foch fettled. goods or merchandizes are particularly rated in the book of Rtptaltd bf 11 rates, the value (hall be undemood and taken according to such c’rate; and where they are not particularly rated, die value (haO ZJdt~be t,^en by and according to the oath of the importer, and not rilati*g ktrtto. otherwife; the duties impofed by this a& not to be reckoned into the value of the fame.

1* months LIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, *•"** f<>rPay- That for all additional duties hereby impofed upon the afore-per cent.” Mentioned goods and merchandize to be imported as aforesaid, for prompt the importer, giving fecurity at the euftom-houfe, (hall hare payment. time, not exceeding twelve months (where the fame is not Otherwife hereby limited) foe the payment of the fiune, from the importation, to be paid by four equal and quarterly payments ; or in cafe such importer (hall pay ready money, he (hall Cuftom repaid have after the rate of ten pounds per ant. for a year of. the (aid or fecurity duty abated to him or her; and if the goods and merchandize exporaronT to be imported as aforesaid, for which foe additional duty is Emargtdtt 3 paid or fecured at the importation thereof, be again .exported yearstyjGeo. within twelve months after the importation, then the aforefaid

1.  flat. t. c. duties (hall be wholly repaid, or the fecurity vacated, as to what **•/•,0- (hall be fo exported.

Foreign (lores  LV. Provided neverthelefs, and he it enaded by the an-,

already fold thority aforefaid. That the new dr additional duties, impofed office* except- by this a<£t, (hall not extend to affedt such foreign (lores as hav* ed. * p ‘ been fold to the ufe of their Majefties navy, by contract with the navy board, or commifiioners of the victualling, before the fifteenth day of Novembtr, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, fo as a certificate be given from the commifiioners of the nan or victualling, that such foreign (tores hove been fo contracted for by them for their Majefties fervice as aforefiiiri, and fo as tha importer of the fame do make oath before the commiffioneia appointed to manage the cuitoms (which oath they are herera impowered to adminifter) of the truth of the (aid contract, ana that he will deliver the faid goods into their Majefties (tores;

pun

1690.3 Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Marine, c.4.'  93

pursuant to the contract fo certified by the commiffioncrs of the navy.or victualling.

. LVI. And be it ena&ed, That the feveral impofitions and Dube* how to duties above mentioned fliall be raifed, levied, collected, and evied‘ paid unto their Majefties and their fucceflors, during the times afore mentioned, in the fame manner and form, with such ad- . vantages, and by such rules, means and ways, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and exprefled in one ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, Afubfidy granted the King of tun- n Car. a. c.4. wage and poundage, and other font of money payable upon merchandize exported and importedy and the rules and orders thereunto annexed; which faid ad, and every article, rule, and daufo therein contained, (hall (land and be in force for the purposes aforesaid, during the continuance of this ad.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon and perfons tcf dit, at t per advance and lend unto their Majefties, upon the focurity of this cent, ad, any fum or fums of money, and to have and receive for the forbearanoe thereof any fum not exceeding eight pounds, by the hundred for one whole year, and no more, diredly or indiredly.

LVIIl. And to the end that all monies, which (hall be lent Anoffice for unto their Majefties upon the credit of this ad, may be well [^^utieato and fufficiendy fecured out of the monies arifing arid payable t* in London, by this ad; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, and duties That there (hall be provided and kept in their Majefties exche- paid to re. quer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor or the receipts, one book or regifter, in which all monies that (hall be paid into ^d kept the exchequer by virtue of this ad, (hall be entred and regiftred apart, and apart and diftind from all other monies paid or payable to their paid weekly Majefties upon any other branch of their Majefties revenue, or *Jto upon any other account whatfbever; and that all and every per- , y/a tcM. fon and perfons, who (hall lend any money to their Majefties feff. *. c. jo. upon the credit of this ad, and pay the fame into the receipt of Regifter to be the exchequer, (hall immediately have a talley of loan (truck *“1?in tbe for the fame, and an order for his repayment, bearing the fame Sky^order, date with his talley} in which order (nail be alfo contained a and payment warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance after the rate fo in courfe. to be allowed for the fame, fo as such intereft do not exceed the rate of eight pounds per  cent. per atm. for his confideration,

to be paid every three months, until repayment of his principal; and that all orders for repayment of money (hall be regiftred in courfe, according to the date of the talley refpedivdy, without preference of one before another; and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall ftand entred in the faid regifter book, fo as that the perfon, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, who (hall have his order or orders first entred in foe faid book of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted as the first perfon to be paid upoi> the monies to come in by virtue of this aft; and he

94

Anno fecondaGuLtSLMi & 34aua 04. [1690.

of they who fall htvehis of their order or orders sot eatnd, fall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, tod fo fUcteffivCly, andin Courfe j add that the mantes to come In by this a<5t fall be in the lame .Order liable to.fa Jatlafa&ioa of the raid rafpedtive parties, their executors, adnuniftrators, or afligns fucceffively, without preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and not to be divertible to-any other ufc, intent, or purpose whatlbever; and that 00 fee, reward, or .gratuity, di-radcly or indirc&ly, be demanded or taken of any of thetr Majesties fobjedts for providing or making of any such books, regifters, entries, view or fearch in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft, as aforesaid, by any of their Majefties officer or offices, their clerks, or deputies, an pain ofpaymeot of treble damages to the party grieved by the party attending, With cafb of fuit; or if theofficer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to loft his place alfo. And if any undue preference of one before another fall be made, either in point of regiftry-or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this adt, by any Rich officer or officers, then the party offending fail be liable by action of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the yalue of the debt, damages, and coils, to the party grieved, and fall be forejudged from his place or office; and if such preference be unduly made ' by any his deputy or clerk, without direction ot privity of his mailer, then such deputy or clerk only fall be liable to fudi addon, debt, damages, and calls, and mail be for ever after un-Capable of his place or officej and in cafe the auditor (hall not diredl the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as afore diredted, then he or they fall be judged to forfeit, and their refpedlive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such adtion, debt, damages, and cods, in such manner as aforefaid. All which laid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and coils, to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Ma-jefties courts of record at Wejlminjltr, wherein no eflbin, pro-tedtion, privilege, wager of law, injundlioir, or order of reftraint, fall be in any wife granted or allowed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it bappen that' feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fall be interpreted no undue preference which of those he enters firil, fo he enters them ail the fame day.

LX. Provided alfo. That* it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredl, and the clerk of the pells record, and the telkr do pay fubfequent orders of^perfons that come and demand their money, and bring their orders, before other psrfons that did not come to demand their money, and bring their orders in their courfe, fo.as there be fo much money rderved as will •  fatisfy

95

1690.I Anno fetundo Guuelmi & Marine, c. 5.

fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; fntereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the monevis fb reserved and kept in bank for them,

LXI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Orders for That every perfen or perfbns to whom any monies mail be due money bow by virtue of this aCt, after order entred in the book of regifter transferable, aforefaid foif payment thereof, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns by indonement of his eider, may affign and transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the office of rite auditor of receipt afbreflud, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo ■ made in the book of regifter aforefaid for orders (which the officers fhall, upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly make) fhall entitle such affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and tual. 9 Ann. such affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo totiesc' **•.3 fuaties5 and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such per-ton or perfons, who have or hath made such affignments, to south Sea make void, releafe, or difeharee die fame, or any the monies fund, thereby due, or any part thereof.

CAP- V. (15O

An ait for the continuance offevered former aits therein mentioned., for the laying feveral duties upon wines, and tobacco.

Mejl Gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majefties moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons in parliament aflembled, taking into our feri-ous confederation the great and neceflary expences in which your Majefties are ingagedforour defence and fafety, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted uhto your Majefties the im-pofitions and duties hereafter mentioned, for and during the term hereafter exprefled j and we do moft humbly befeech your Majefties that it may be enaCted.

IT. And be it enabled by the King’s and Queen’s moft excel- D.ut»e» upon lent Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ]^e fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament tinned till' aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral June, 1656. impofhions and auties upon wines and vinegar, granted by an > c. 3-aft made in the first year of the late King James, intituled. An a£i for granting his Maiefiy animpofition upon all wines and vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one fandfix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, lone theufand fix hundred ninety and three, fhall be continued from the three and twentieth day of June, in the faid year one thou-Tand fix hundred ninety-three, and fhall be railed, levied, collected, anfwered and paid unto their Majefties and their fucceflors,

Hintil the four and twentieth day of Jun, one thousand fix hundred and ninety-fix, and no longer: and that the faid act, and •II powers, provifiows, penalties, articles, and .daufes therein *  *  con-

Duty upon tobacco and fugar continued till June, 1696, z Jac. a. c. 4.

Made part of tki South Sea fund.

9 Ann* c. it. 3 Geo. fec.9

Not to extend to t W. & M. felT. i» c. 34.

Credit of loan at 8 per cent.

1 W. 8c M. teft. x. c. *8.

Regtfter, tally, order and pnyment in co uric.

Annofecundo Gulielmi &Marijb* £1690;

contained, (hall continue and be of full force and cffeft, until the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thoufiuid fix hundred and ninety-fix, and (hall be applied, praftifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority afonelaid. That the rates and duties for all forts of tobacco granted by an aft made in the first year of the reign of the late King James* intituled, An aft for granting to bit Majefly an impofition upon all tobacco and fugar, imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred eighty-five* and the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety three* (hall be continued from the three and twentieth day of June* in the faid year one thousand fix hundred and ninety three, and (hall be raned, levied, collected, anfwered, and paid unto their Majefties and their fucceffors, until the four and twentieth day of June* one thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, and no longer; and that the faid laft mentioned aft, as for and concerning tobacco only, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and daufe? therein contained, concerning the (aid rates and duties upon all forts of tobacco, (hall continue and be of foil force and effeft, until the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, and (hall be applied, praftifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, collefting, anfwering, and paying the faid duties upon tobacco hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft.

IV.  Provided neverthelefs, .That this aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued or taken to repeal or alter an aft made in the first year of their Majcfties reign, intituled, An aft for prohibiting au trade and commerce with France, or any part of the fame.

V.  Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to advance 1 and lend unto their Majefties, as well upon the fecurity of this I aft, as upon the fecurity of the faid two former afts made in the I reign of the late King James (from and after the fum of fix hundred thpufand pounds, mentioned in an aft made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled, An aft for appro* priating certain duties for paying the States General of the United} Provinces their charges for his Majefly'$ expedition intv this kingH dom* and for other ujes* mall be fully fatisfied and paid to thd faid States General) any fum or fumsof money, and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof any fum not exceeding eiphfl pounds by the hundred for one whole year, and no more, dii reftly or indireftly.

VI.  And to the end that all monies which (hall be lent unt| their Maiefties upon the credit of this aft, may be well ; fufticicntly fecured out of the monies arifing and payable this aft, oe it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Ti there (hall be provided and kept in their Majefties exchequ

6

1690.] Aunofecundo Guup.lmi & Marine, c.5.  97

(that is to lay) in the office of the auditor of the receipts* one An office for book or eegiftcr, in which all monies that (hail be paid into *Ie°?,pt1offho& the exchequer fay virtue of this aft, (hall be entied and regjlfasd  and°

apart and difiina from all other monies paid or payable to their paid by re-Majefties upon any other branch of their Majefties revenue, or ceiver gene-upon any other account whatfoever; and that all and every per- ralof cuftoms bn and perfona, who (hall lend any money to their Majefties up- Sjt, 2Jd paid >n the credit of this aft, and pay the fame into the receipt of the Weekly into :x chequer, (hall immediately have a tally of loan (buck for the the exchequer, ame, and an order for his repayment, bearing the fame date »'Y- A M. with his tally; in which order (haU be alfo contained a warrant *' c‘,0* or payment of intereft for forbearance after the rate, fo to be tllowed for the dime, fo as such intereft do not exceed the rate >f eight pounds per centum per outturn, far his cojifideratjon, to >e paid every three months, until repayment of his principal: ind that all orders for repayment of money (ball be regiftied in rourie according to the date of the tally refpeftively, without > reference of one before another; and that all and every perfon tnd perfons (haU be paid in courie according as their orders hall (land entredin the laid regifter-book, (b as that the perfon, lative or* foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators and aftigns, who fhatt have his order or orders first entred in the faid book >f regifter, /hall be taken and accounted as the first perfon o be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue of this aft; ind he or they who (hall have his or their order or orders next :ntred, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon o be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the -monies to come in by this aft (hall be in the fame order liable ■ o the fatisfaftion of the faid refpeftive parties, their executors, idminiftrators or aftigns fucceflively, without preference of one »efore another, and not otherwife, and not to be diVertible to iny other ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever ; and that no foe, eward, or gratuity direftly or indireftly be demanded or taken >f any of their Majefties fubjeftsfor providing or makingof any iich books, raiders, entries, view or fearch in or for payment >f money lent or the intereft as aforefoid, by any of their Majefties >fficeror officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain,of payment of reble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with softs of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such ’ee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another (haU be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, i>y any such officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by aftion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, damages and cofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from his place or office; and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mailer, then such deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to such aftion, debt, damages and cofts, and (hall be for ever after uncapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor (hall not direft the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to each perfon’s due place.

Vol. IX.  H  and

Anno fecUndo GULIfiLMI & Marur. C.5.  [1690,

and order^ as aforesaid, then he or they (hall be judged to forfeit) and their refpedive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such adion* debt, damages and coils, in such manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, da-mages and cods, to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may bi recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in an; of their Majedies courts of record at tViJlminfler, wherein nc effoin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, injunction or oidet of reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed*

VII.  Provided always) and be it hereby declared. That if it happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to beregidfed, then it (hall be interpreted noun-due preference which of those he enters firft, fo he enters them all the fame day.

VIII.  Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, i the auditor dired, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their money, and bring their order before other perfons that did not come to demand their money, and bring their order in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will Jatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otnerwife difpofed, but Kept for them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from tht time the money is fo referved and kept in bank, for them.

Money how IX. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid, affignibie* That every perfon or perfons to whom any monies mall be d« by virtue of this ad, after order entrcd in the book of regifter aforefaid for payment thereof, his executors, adounifbnators c? affigns, by indorsement of his order, may affign and transfer his ri^ht, title, intereft and benefit of such order, or any pan thereof to any other; which being notified in the offioc of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfomade in the book of regifter aforefaid for orders, (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall entitle such aifignee, his executors, adminiftratcn and affigns to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and such affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo fetus (fUttieS) and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such perfon or perfons who have or hath made such affignments, to make void, releafe or difcharge the lame, or any the moniei thereby due oi^any part thereof, ttagesdueto X. Provided, That nothing in this ad (hall extend or h ton^CharUt conftrued to .defeat or obftrud the provifion made by the fa:J vants^ved *a<^ *n ^ y611* their majefties reign, few payment of wagtj ,  * due to the fervants of the late King Cbarkt the Second, not es^

^ seeding in the whole the fom of fixty thousand pounds, in fud manner as by the faid ad is direded.

CAP

1690.] Anno fccundo Gulielmi & Mari-®, c.6,7.  99

CAP. VI. (16.)

An ad for punUhing officers and foldiers who (hall mutiny or defert their EXP,

Majetties fervice, and for punching felfe mutters.

CAP. VII. (17.)

An aft for reviving a former aft for regulating the meafures and prices of coals.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the fixteenth andfeventiintb years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled,

An ad for regulating the meafures and prices of coals, which aft was to continue for three years theme next followings and thenceforth to the end of the next fejfton of parliaments and no longer, and is expired: andwhereas the faideaft was found to be very ufeful and bene- i65ri7Car.i. ficial to this kingdom:  c.i.

II.  Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s molt excellent Revived for majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- fcven y«»». ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prcfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid ad, and eveiy claufc, article, ana branch therein contained, (hall be, and is, and are hereby revived and continued in full force, ftrength, and virtue, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, and (hall fo (land and continue from the first day of Decembers one thousand fix hundred and ninety, for the fpace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the first felfion of parliament then next following, and no longer.

III.  And whereas by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for en-miraging and encreafing of /hipping and navigations it is among other things provided. That no goods or merchandizes (haff be loaden and carried from one part of England to another, ia any (hip or veflel whatfoever, whereof three fourths of the mariners at lead (hall not be Engli/by under the penalty of forfeiting all such goods as (hall be loaden or carried in any such (hip or veflel, together with the (hip or veflel, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture and apparel. Now forafmuch as the high price of coals arifes chiefly from the want of feamen . to fupply that navigation, while fo many are employed in their <

Majefties fervice, be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That Coal (hips fo much only of this laft mentioned ad as concerns the number may and proportion of foreign feamen thereby limited to fail in f5gIlcr$y<i£l Englt/h (hips (hall be difpenfed with, and is hereby thus far dif- rjng the war. penfed with, fo as it (hall and raav be lawful for the owner or owners of any (hip or vefiel, Englijb built, and belonging to the fubjeds of Englands whereof the mafter is an Engli/hman trading with coals to and from NewcaJlUs or the parts adjacent, or any part of Wales* to the port of Londons or to any other part of Englands to navigate the laid (hip or veflel with as many foreign feamen as the faid mafter or owners (hall think fit, during the prefent war with France, and no longer; any thing in the faid contained to the contrary notwidutanding.

Hz  C  AP»

loo

Anno fecundo GuLielmi & Maria, c.fl. (1690.

CAP. VIIL (18.)

An all for paving and c the ftreets in the cities of London and Weftminftcr, and fuburbs and liberties  .

of, and out parijhes in the county of Middlefex, and in the borough of Southwark, and other places within the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned.

jj&i+Car.a. TT THERE AS an alt was made at a parliament held at Weft.

' V V minfter, in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the for the repairing the highways and  fewersyand for paving and keeping dean the  a

and about the cities  of London and Weftminftcr, wherein  (amengfl

Other things) many  .necejfary and wholefome previjions were made fer

the cleanfmg and paving the  and other  and  plain

fomprijed within the weekly hills of mortality; laid alt fince expired, many  perfons in the out parijhes in Middlefex, and other

parijhes in the limits aforesaid, which have been choftn to forve the office offcavengery refofe to take the execution of thefind  upon

them 5 and othersy who have been rated and affejjed towards eleanfing and carrying away the dirt and foil out of thefireets, hove refufed to pay the rates ajfejfed Mon , there being no law in force to compel them thereunto, Jo that no can be be raker, to carry the dirt out of the faid  far  want  tf

feme provifitn for payment for doing that ; and the poorer fort of people drily throw into the find fireets all the  and

tori ajhesmade in their noufes; by reafon whereof the find fireets art become extremely dirty and filthy, ft that  ftcbjcSs

cannot conveniently pafs through the fame about their lawful oaajm.r, and many other inconveniencies drily arife for want of the like -vifions in other cafes relating to the ftreetsy  ,  and common

ways i may it therefore pleafe your moil excellent Majefties that it may be ena&ed:

Inhabitant* In II. And be it enabled by the King's and Queen’s tnoft ex-Middlefex, cellent majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preftent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the tame. That from and after the fifteenth day of  onfe  thotifand  fix

hundred and ninety, all and every perfon and perfons inhabiting in .the faid pariihes of Middlefex and Wtfiminfier, and the liberties thereof, and in the borough of  ,  or  in  any

of the faid ftreets, lanes, or alleys, comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, and the town of  flwtll  twice  ii

every week (that is to fay, on every Wednefday and Saturday ai the leaft) fweep and deanfe, or caule to be fwept and claanfed all the ftreets, lanes, alleys, and publick places, before the.i refpedtive houfes, buildings, and walls, and the buildings and walls of churches, and other publick places, to the end the dir and foil in the faid ftreets may be ready for the fcavenger, raker

&c«, to fweep the (beets twice a week.

2

1690.] Anno fccundo Gulielmi & Makia c.8.'  10i

or other officer appointed for that purpose, to carry away, upon Penalty, pain to forfeit three (hillings and four pence for every offence or neglect refpedtively} and that no perfon or perfons what- No perfon to joever (hall throw, caft, or lay, or caufe, Pfrmit,or fuffer to ™ be thrown, can, or laid, any feacoal afhes, dull, dirt, rubbilh, dung, or other filth or annoyance in any open ftreet, lane, or tlley, within the laid city or places aforeiaid, before his, her. larged by >r their own dwelling-houfes, (lables, buildings, or walls, or * & 9 W. j. he buildings and walls of churches, church-yards, and other c* 37‘*• niblick places, on the penalty of five lhillings 5 and no perfon >r perfons lhall lay any alhes, dirt, or foil, before the houfes, au'udings, or walls of any perfon or perfons, inhabitants of the :ity, parilhes, or places aforeiaid, or before or againlt any :hurch, church-yard wall, or any of their Majefties buildings,

>alaces, or places whatfoever; or lha]l call, lay, or throw, or

:aufe to be call, laid, or thrown into any common or publick

ink, vault, water-courfe, or common fewer, or highway, with-

n any of the parilhes or places aforeiaid, or any other private

fault or fink of any of the inhabitants aforeiaid, any alhes, dirt,

ilth, ordure, or any other noifome thing whatfoever; but (hall Bet (ball de-

lceep, or caufe the now to be kept in their refoedtive houfes, K«r the alhes,

yards, or backfides, or the yards or backlides of churches, and Veneer

Jther publick buildings, until such time as the raker, fcavenger, 8

or other officer thereto appointed of the faid ward, parilh,

ftreet, or place where they dwell, or such churches or buildings,

as do come by or near their houfes, doors, or places, with nis

cart, barrow, or other thing or things ufed for the deanfing

the ft reels, and carrying away thereof, and then lhall carry, or

caufe to be carried, the faid alhes, dirt, dung, or other such

filth or annoyance aforesaid, out of their houfes, yards, and

backfides, aim deliver it unto the raker, fcavenger, or other

officer, or otherwife to put the fame into his cart, barrow, or

other thing as aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit the fum of twenty Penalty.

lhillings for every such offence.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid, churchwar.

That the refpedlive churchwardens, and the houfe-kcepers and den*. See. other keepers of 1  Whitehall,Somerftt-houfe, Saint  liable,

and  SaintJatrtes’s-pari, and the guard noufes ana (lables near

it, and other their Majefties houfes ; and the ulhers, porters, or keepers of courts of juftice, and all other .publick or other houfes and places refpedlively, (hall be liable to and fuffer the ,  .

like penalties, forfeitures, and punilhments for every the before mentioned offences or negte&s done, committed or fuffered to be done before any church or church-yard, or before any of their Majefties houfes, buildings, .or walls, or before any houfes, buildings, or walls, or before any publick buildings, houfes, or places whatfoever.

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Hooping bar-That from and alter the faid fifteenth day of December, no per- rels, See. fon or perfons (ball hoop, walh, or cleanfe any pipes, barrels,

or other calks or veffels in any of the llreets, lanes, or open .  H3  paffages

102

Penalty*

Scavengers t carry away a! dirt. See.

Penalty*

Paved ftreets to be kept in fe pair.

Juft ice of peace may order new Greets, &c. to be paved*

Anno fccundp Gotlielmi & Marine, c.ff* [1690,

paflages aforefaid; nor (hall fet out any dung, foil, rubbiih, 01 empty coaches to make or mend, or rough timber or Hones tc be fawn or wrought, in tbe ftreets, on the penalty of twenty (hillings for every offence.

► V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 1 That the rakers, fcavengers, or other officers thereunto ap-

Sointed, every day in the week, except Sundays and other holy* ays, fhall bring or caufe to be brought, carts, dung-pots, and other fifting carriages, into all their refpedlive parifnes, limits, precincts, ftreets, charges, and divifions, where such carts and carriages can pafs, and at or before their approach, by a bell, born, or clapper, or otherwife, fhall make diftindl and loud noife, and give notice to, the inhabitants thereof of their coming, aqd make the like noife, and give the like notice in every court, alley, or place, unto which the faid carts cannot pafs, and abide and ftay there a convenient time, in such fort Jhat all perfons concerned may bring forth their refpedkrve duft, dirt, afhes, filth, arid foil, to the refpeftive carts and carriages fo flaying as aforefaid ; all which the faid rakers, fcavengers, or other officers aforesaid, fhall daily carry, or caufe to be carried away, upon pain to forfeit forty (hillings for every such offence or negledi rcfpe<5tively.

VI.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That all open ftreets, lanes, and alleys, which now are paved, within any of the parilhes or places aforesaid, fhall be from time to tipae repaired, amended, and paved, at the cofts and charges of the houfeholders inhabitants in any such ftreets and )anes, refpedtively ; and where any houfes fhall be empty and unoccupied in any such ftreets and lanes, then to be paved and repaired at the charge of the owners or proprietors thereof in manner following (that is to fay) every of the faid houfholders, owners, or proprietors of houfes, to repair, pave, and keep repaired, amended, and paved, the ftreets, lanes, or alleys before his houfe, (tables, or out-houfes, fo far as his houfing, walls, or buildings extend, unto the denter-ftone, channel, or middle of the fame ftreet,‘lane or alley; upon pain to forfeit twenty (hillings for every perch or rod, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity for every default, and of twenty (hillings a week for every week after, until the fame (hall be fuf-ficiently paved and amended.

VII.  And whereas there are in the parijhes aforefaid many new firecis and ways made, which are fit and convenient to he paved witkjionn, but for want of good order therein, are almoft unpayable to pqffengm \ be it enadted By the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace or the place or divifion where any new ftreets of ways are or (hall be made, from time to time to view and infpedt the fame; and if upon such view they (hall judge them fit to be paved or other-wife amended, to certify the fame under their hands to thz juftices of the peace, at the next refpedlive general quarter (effions of the peace where such ftreets or ways are or fhall be

mack;

t$go.] Anno fecuado Gtflielmi & Marmbt. c.8.’  103

made, who are hereby refpeftively thereupon authorized and required to take such order for the paving or otherwife amend* ng the feme, as they (hall think fif. And all and every perfog md perfons, owners and inhabitants of all and every the houfes iew built, or hereafter .to be built, or adjoining to any new Ireets or. ways adjudged to be paved or amended, lhall, and are icreby required, according to their feveral and refpeftive interefts herein, by order of such juftices at their feffion, and by a time n such order limited, pave with ftone or gravel, or otherwife unend, all the ground that doth or (hall lie in front before every Iwelling-houfe or other buildings in such ftreets and ways, ex* ended to the middle of the way that doth or lhall lie before he fame: and every perfon offending herein, or that lhall not Penalty, rom time to time repair and amend his or her proportion of he pavements in such ftreets and ways where they lhall be >aved, lhall forfeit forty (hillings for every such offence or de-ault for every perch, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, ana the like fum for every week, till the fame be laved, or amended and repaired, and when paved or amended, he like firm as those that lhall not pave and repair open ftreets, anes, and alleys, now paved by virtue of this aft,

VIII.  Provided always. That such ancient ftreets, lanes, Streets paved nd alleys within the laid places, or any of them, as by cuftom ** formerly, ;nd ufage have been repaired and paved by any other order,

>r in any other manner, (hall be hereafter repaired, paved.

Mid maintained in such fort and manner, and by such perfon ind perfons as have heretofore ufed to repair, pave, and maintain the lame, under the penalties aforelaid j any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwith-ftanding.

IX And for the better railing and levying of monies to de- Charges of fray she charges, and pay the wages of the faid fcavengers, cleanfing hoar takers, and other officers employed in cleanfing of the ftreets, raifed* and other places aforelaid, ind carrying away the faid alhe6, dirt, filth, and foil $ be k further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That within the parilhes of Saint Anne and Saint James.) within the liberty of IVejlmnfltr*. the fcavengers, rakers, and such like officers, lhall be chofcn as by the faid refpeftive afts is dirg&ed and appointed : and the rates, taxes, and afleff- 1 $*lk. 35** meats for fcavengers, rakers, and such like officers wages for cleanfing the ftreets, lhall be rated, taxed, and aflefled, raifed, and paid by the parilhioners and inhabitants of those refpeftive parilhes, according to the cuftom and ufage of the faid city, where it is not otherwife* in the faid afts provided and enafted : and the receivers of all such monies (hall be accountable in such manner as they how are by the.faid afts, or otherwife by the law in cafexthere is no provifioh for the fame thereby appointed 1 and all new meffiiages, tenements, and houfes, now, or at any. time hereafter built and erefted within the limits and parifhes aforesaid, (hall be likewife rated, taxed, and afleffed, g|>4 (hall pay proportionable with others. And in all other

H 4.  placet

U*

Election of fcavcnger*, and punith-ment of re* fufcrs.

Inhabitants jnajr make a pound rate.

A»#o finodo Gvuelmi  off.  [1690.

plaees «td pariihes aforesaid, upon every Idfauby or Tmfday in Eaficr Weeky the conftables, churchwardens, and owners of the poor, and furveyors of the highways of every of the (aid parifhes and places iefpedively, or the greater number of them, giving notice unto, or calling together, fiieh other aacimt inhabitants of their reftwftive parifhes,. n according to the caftan of the hid parifhes or places are ufually prefcnt at the ole&ion of pariih officers, they, or thegmater number of them prefent, (hall make choice of, and (hall nominate and appoint, two or more able perfons, that are tradefinen of their porifh, to be, feovengers for the (beets, lanes, snd alleys, and other open paflages of each ward and divihon within their find parifti for the-year then next enfoing, and until others be cbofen and fettled in their places; which peribn fo chofen, and bong approved and confirmed tinder the hand of any two juftices of the ,peace within their refpe&ive Hants and jurifcfidbons, (hall within (even days after their election and confirmation, and notice thereof, tan that office and doty upon them, upon pah to forfeit tea pounds for every refufer remefUvely; and in cafe cjf refnfal by any perfen or petfoas fo otafen and confirmed, then other able serfons (hall be cbofen and confirmed in manner aforofeid, within seven days after ftich refiifid, in the place of him or them which ftudl fo refufe j and the perfon or perfons fo chofen and confirmed, aad having notice thereof, {hall undergo the like pain of ten pbunds in cafo of refufel, or not taking upon him or diem the £ud offioe or duty within seven days after he or they (hall be ehofen and confirmed, and have notice thereof as afomfeid. The feid penalties to be paid to the furveyors of the highways of the place, and difpofcd of and employed by them for and towards the mending and repairing of the high wap and (beets of the fame paiim, ward, qr divifion, and to be levied by diftrefs and fide of the goods and chattels of the offenders, by warrant tinder the hand ?nd feal of any one joftke of peace of any of the places aforesaid, to be direfled to the conftables or other officers of the feme pariih, or any two or -more of them, rendring the overplus to the party (reafonable charges for the diftrefs only to be deducted) and in default of diftrefs Or non-payment within fix days after demand thereof, or notice left in writing at the hpufe or dwelling-place of the offender, by the feid ooaftabks pr officers refpeaiyely, the find offender to be committed to the common gaol of the feid county, city, or place Irefpedthrely, by the warrant of any such jufbee under his hand and real, there to remain without bail or mainprise, until payment be thereof made as aforefaid 1 and fo in like manner for every perfon or perfons neglecting or refilling the fame.

4  X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That within twenty dap after the election and confirmation of the (aid feavengers as aforesaid, the conftables, churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor, and furveyors of the

high

105

ifyo.] Amuriccundo Guublmi & Maki/e. c. 8.

highways of the parifiWsand.places aforefiud refpefthrely, or the greater number of them, giving nodes unto, or calling to* get her, such: inhabitants at their refpeAive parifhes as aforesaid, they, or the greater number of them than pvefent, (hall make and fetde a tax, rate, or afieffinent, according to a pound rate, to be impded or fet upon the inhabitants of eveiy refpedtive parilh, ward, or dhrifion, tor the year following, for the pur-pofes aforefaid; which being allowed and confirmed by any two of the juftices of the peace of the places aforefaid rtfpedively (which, they are hereby authorized and required, as far as the fame (hall be equal and mafonabie, to allow) fhall.be quarterly paid by every refjpedtive mbabttant, upon demand made thereof by the fcavengers or officers appointed to gather and cuM the fame; and in cafe of a refofittor nqgleft fnoti bywarrant under Penalty for the hands and feals of any two juftices of the peace of the eon-payment divifion, parifh, or place, be levied by diftrefc and fide of the offender’s goods, and for want of diftrefs, by imprifbmnent of the offender (he not being a peer of this realm) until payment as aforefaid.

XI.  Provided always, and be it enafled, That fbch fums of Scavenger money, as Audi be yearly aflefled and colle&vd in the laid pa- muil account rilhes for deazrfing the ftreetv, Audi be' yearly accounted for by

the fcavenger for the time being. Which collc&ed (he fame, to two or mom of the nextjuftices of the peace for the place, residing in or near to the cefpeffive places for which such fcaven-gers were appointed, within eight and twenty days after the <elc£tion of new fcavengem for the enfinng year; and -fuch fum P®7 Aw over-or fiimr aa fltall be remaining in their hands, (hall be by them p><u* paid over to the next fueceeding fcavengers defied for such parifh $ and any two fitch juftices of the peace, as aforesaid,

(hall and may by virtue hereof commit to prifbn every one of the (aid fcavengers which (hail itfisfe to account, there to re- Ifcnalty, main without bail or mainprise, until he have made a true account, and fatisfiedand paid fo much as upon the faid account (hall be remaining in bis hands,

XII.  Provided always. That the sefpeAive fcavengers and Where the rakers for any of the parifhes aforefaid (hall have liberty, by

the approbation and order df the juftices at their petit fefuons, ™irtj ^ or any two or more of them, to lodge their dirt, daft, afhes, or * other fikh, in fiich vacant and ptfbfick places m or near the ftreets or highways, as dull be thought convenient by the faid juftices, for the accommodation of the country carts returning empty from the fiud parifhes, they giving fatisfaftion to the owners and occupiers of such vacant places) and in cafe of un-reafonahle demands, such juftices in their petit feffions (hall hear, moderate, and determine the fame according to equity and good conference. And in‘cafe any perfon (hall find him, her. Appeal to or themfelves aggrieved with any rate, tax, or afleflment made  “l*

by virtue of this a<5l, or any ways prejudiced by any determination of the faid juftices in their petit feflions, he or they fo grieved er prejudiced (hall and may have recourfe, in all such

cafes.

to6

AflefTment

bow made for the highways.

To be levied by diftrtft.

New fewer*

fubjcft to the com million of fewer*.

6 H. 6. c. 5. SHU. c. 3. S3H.8 c.5. «5H. 8. c. io. 3 & 4 Ed. 6.

C. 8.

f M. felT. 3. f »»•

-ftEjiz. c.*. }/a?, 1. c. 14,

Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Marls: c.8. [ 1690.

cafes, to the juftices of the peace aflembled at the general quarter feflions of .the peace to be held for the place wherein the matter of grievance doth arife, to fet forth his, her, or their cafe, by petition or other wife; and the laid juftices in such their quarter felfions are hereby ion powered to hear and determine all matters to them complained of, concerning the fame refpc&ive-ly, and their determination and order therein (hall be final, without any appeal to any other court whatfoever.

XIII.  And whereas there are many common highways within the faid parijbes, which cannot be fufjkientty amended, repaired* and fap-ported* by means of the laws new in force, without the help, of this prefent aft\ be it ena&cd, That.for the better amending and repairing the lame, one or more afleflment or afleffments upon all and every the inhabitants, owners, and occupiers of lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, or any perfonal eftate ufually ratable to the poor within any of the faid parilhcs, lhaD be from time to time made* levied, colle&ed, and allowed by such perfon and oerfons as the laid juftices at such their general quarter feflions (hall dircd and appoint in that behalf, and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for according to the order and direction of the laid juftices for and towards the amending, repairing, and fupporting such high wap from time to time, as nted (hall require; and the laid afieflment (hall be leyicd by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of every perfoa fo aflefled (not paying the lame within fourteen days after demand) renoring the overplus of the value of the goods fo dif-trained, to the owner and owners thereof; the neceflary charges of making and felling such diftrefs being first deduced. Provided always. That no such afleflment or aflefltnents* to be made in any pne year, (hall exceed the rate of four pence in the pound of the yearly value of any lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments fo aflefled, nor the rate of eight pence for every twenty pounds in perfonal eftate.

XIV.  And whereas many new fewers* finks, and vaults have bee* made in the parijbes within the city and liberty of Weftminllor, and other the parijbes aforefaid* by the commjfionm appointed by. the fad recited aft% which fitue the expiration thereof are math negU&ed* and noifome to the inhabitants, becaufe of feme doubt whether such new fewers are within the jurifdiftion tf the laws of fewers; be it therefore ens&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all new fewers «t any time fince the twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, made in any of the faid parilhes, Audi be henceforth fubjeft to the commiflion of fewers, and to the laws and ftatutes made for fewers, as fully to aU Intents and purpofps, as if such fewers, finks, and vaults had been cxpreily mentioned in the faid ftatutes of fewers, to be under the lurvey of the faid commiflioners; and the commifiioners of fewers ter the time being, within the limitsof their refpe<5Uve commilfions, (hall have power and authority by virtue of this a£t to alter, amend, cleanfe, and fcower any luctv new fewers, links, and Vaults, aqd tq order and the making pf any pth^r nev

vaulr

rtfpo.] Anno fecundo Gulielmi & Maria, c.8.  107

vaults and fewers, and to cut into any drain or fearer already . made, and to alter or take away any nufances in the fame, and to alter or take away any crofs gutter or channels, in all or any of the ftreets and lanes in the parifties aforefaid.

XV.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Hpuflioldcrs . That every houiholder within any or the parilhes, places, or j* # • precindts in the counties of Middleftx and Surrey, and city and 5

liberty- of fVeftmtnfter^ comprifed within the weekly bills of mortality, whose houfe adjoins unto or 19 near the ftreet, from Michaelmas unto our Lady-day yearly, (hall every night fet or hang out candles or lights in lanthorns on the out-fide of the houle next the ftreet, to enlighten the lame for the conveniency :>f naffengers, from time to time, as it (hall grow dark, until twelve of the clock in the night, upon pain to forfeit the fum of rwo (hillings for every default; excepting such perfon et per-ons as (hall agree to make ufe of lamps of any’fort, to be placed at such diftances in the ftreet, as lhalt be approved of by two or more juftices of the peace.

XVI.  And whereas great abufes and deceits art cmmitled by wcj arters and others, who bring and fet bay within the cities of Lon* 0f atruftof Ion and Weftmlnfter, and the bay markets and places comprifed Hay. within the weekly bills of mortality the loads and truffes of such hap

being of lefs weight than they ought, and are pretended and declared

'0 he between the buyer andfeller thereof: For remedy herein be it

iirther enalted by the authority aforefaid. That every tnrfs of

Did hay brought or offered to be fold hereafter in any phet

vithin the cities of London vadiWtfimitfler^ and all other placek

:omprifed within the weekly bills of mortality, between the

aft day of Augttfl and first day of June% (hall contain and be

he full weight of fix and fifty pounds at leaft; and that every  '

rufs of hay brought or offered to be fold within the cities or

places aforesaid, between the first day of June and the laft day

>f Augujl in any year, being now hay of that fummer’s growth,

hall be and contain the full weight of fixty pounds, and old

lay of any former year's growth, the weight of fix and fifty

>ounds a^forefaid; and if any hay after the faid fifteenth day

)f December, (hall be brought or offered to be foM within tbe

rities or places aforesaid, whereof any trufs (hall be of left

veight than aforesaid, the perfon or perfons aforesaid, fo bring-

ng or offering fiich hay to be fold, (hall forfeit for every such

rufs of hay, not being the full weight aforesaid, the turn of

righteen pence.  Penalty.

XVII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Loadcn bay ' Fhat from ajid after the laid fifteenth day of December, no perfon carta when t<* »r perfons whatfoever (hall permit or faffer his or their waggon,

art, or car to ftand or be in the place now called the Hay Market near Piccadilly, in the parifh of Saint Martin in the Notice to ba ields, and Saint James, within the liberty of Wejlminjler, or given of tb* >orough of Southwark, or any other place in the parifhes within f}me by he weekly bills of mortality, loaden wiih hay or draw, to fell 2‘Vw!  *

he fame, from Michaelmas to Lady-day, after two of the clock c.i6. C4V

Penalty how difpofed.

ioS  Anno  fccmxb  Gviaelmi Qf MAEsM. c.& [1690.

in the afternoon, and 60a Lady-day to jbSthadmeu after three of the deck in the afternoon, on pain to forfeit for every offence and aedeft five foiling! rcfpedivcly.

Offenders how XVHI. And for the more ipecay reformation end punilh-tobeconrid- 8Mn> of *11 and every the offences aforesaid, be it further enabled.'  ed  by the authority aforesaid, That every juftice of the peace

within the counties of Aftddlefex and Surrey^ and city and liberties of fVtfimmfttr and places aforesaid, within their fevcral limits refpedttvely, fhall have power and authority upon his own knowledge or view, confeffian of the patty, or proof of one credible witnefs upon oath before him (which oath the laid juftice is hereby im powered to adminifter) to convid any per-fon or perfbns of any the offences aforefajd, whereby such per-fgn or perfbns fo coovid (hall incur the pains, penalties, and forfeitures afordaid; one moiety whereof fluul be difpofed and employed for and towards the relief of the poor of the parift or place wnere the offence (hall be committed or done, to be paid to the overfeers of the poor of the fame for that ule, and the other moiety thereof for him or them that (hall difcover and profccute the fame, in cafe the (aid conviffion be by dif-covery and profecution; and if the convi&ion (hall be by the view or knowledge of any one or more jufticc or juftices of the peace, then one half of the penalty (hall be difpofed of to the relief of the poor as aforesaid, ana the other moiety, if fori default of payment, to go to and be employed for and towards the repairing, paring, and cletnfing of the laid ftreets or places, to be paid to the (Scavengers of the place, and by them employed for that ufe, or otherwise to the relief of the poor as afore* faid ■, and all the (aid penalties fhall be levied fay diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender by warrant under the hand and leal of any juftice of the peace of the placp, to be direded to the oonftaUcs and headborpugjis of the fame pariih where the offence was done, rendring the furplnfage to the party j and in default of diftrefs, or not-payment of rite laid penalties, within fix days after demand thereof, where it is not hereby otherwife provided, or notice in writing left at the houle or dwelling-place of the offender, by the laid con (fable or head-borough, the faid (offender not being a peer of this realm) (hall be committed to the common gaol of the (aid counties or city refpe&ivdy, by the warrant of any such juftice under his hand and fcal, there to remain without bail or mainprise until payment.

XIX.  And whereat the wheels  enemy torts,  brewers

drays, newctmmenly uftd for the carriage ef feeds,, beer, alt, ed ether things fretn  platete plate within the London ad

Weftminfter, and  parijbes aforesaid, where the are paved,

are made thinner er narrower in the ftUeys than formerly, and mot) are /hid with iron tires, by means whereof the pavements in the Jirtiss ef the [aid tides end plates are daily impaired and broken up, ad made dirty and rough: For prevention whereof for the time to come, be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Thu

from

to be levied.

Cartwheels bow to be made.

t6po.] Anno fecando Gulielmi 8c Mari/e. c.8.-  109

from and after the faid fifteenth day of December, the wheels of ftit claufi

every cart, car, or dray to be ufed for the carriage of any thing **%**££*****

whatfoever, from any place within the faid dries and places, to

any place fituate in the faid dries and places where the ftrfeets c,,*‘ *1 ’

are paved, (hall be made to contain the folhbreadth of fix inches , ,Geo.*. c.s.

in thefdley,andlhall not be wronght about wifhany ironwork 5

whatfoever, nor be drawn with above the number of two horfes,

after they are up the lulls from the water fide; and the owners iSGeo-a. c. jj.

and proprietors of any cart, car, or dray to be ufed as aforesaid,

the wheels whereof (nail not be made fix inches in the breadth,

or (hall be (hod with iron, or be drawn with above two horfes

as aforesaid, (hall forfdt the fom of forty (hillings for every rime Penalty.

fuch cart, car, or dray (hall be ufed as aforesaid, for the ufes,

and to be levied as aforefaid. Provided neverthdefs, That this Country carts

(hall not extend to any country cart or waggon that (hall bring excepted.

any goods to the dries or places aforesaid, or lhall carry any

goods half a mils beyond the paved ftreets of the faid cities and

places.

XX.  And for the better keeping and preferring' the (freets ^P4

and (ewers in and about the (aid cities of  and ?* Jon &cfor-

mnfter, and the liberties thereof, and the borough of  , feited.

and other the parifhes aforesaid, be it further ena&ed. That no perlbn or perfons whatfoever, from and after the faid fifteenth day of  December, lhall breed, feed, or keep any fort or manner

of fwine within any part Of the houfes or backfides of the paved .ftreets of the faid cities, borough, or parifhes, where the houfes ExtLnntdaai are contiguous, upon pain of forfeiting the fame to the church- tnfcxdbj s wardens and overfeers of the poor of the parifh where such * 9W* J* c-17* fwine (hall be kept, bred, or fed, to the ufe of the poor thereof j1 ♦* and that it (hall and may be lawful for all or any of the church- * SaUC‘4 °* wardens, chapelwardens, crverfcers of the poor, conftabies, beadles', headboroughs, or tythingmen of any of the pariihes of the faid dries and places refpedtivdy, at all rimes hereafter, in the day-time, by warrant under the hand and fell of the faid mayor of London, or any other of their Majefties juftices of the peace of the place refpedively to' fearch in all such places in their refpedive parifhes for the raiding all such fwine, and all that (hall be fo found to feize, take, drive, and Cany away, and the fame to fell for the beft price that can be nad, and the money thereby produced forthwith to deliver to the churchwardens or oveneers of the poor of the parifh where such fwine (hall be feized, to be diftributed to the poor of the fame, in such manner and porportions as the faid churchwardens-and overfeers refpe&ivdy (hall think fit.

XXI.  And for tne better deanfing and keeping clean riiC Cuftomof

ftreets, lanes, andpaflages within the city of London and liber- London for ties thereof, at all times hereafter, be it enabled by the authb-  &c-

rity aforefaid. That the fame (hall be ordered and managed, and con wu* rates and impofitions laid and levied, and all other ways and

means therefore ufed and obferved, according to the ancient ufage and cuftom of the faid city.

XXII. And

no

Lord mayor, &c. may pre-feet opoa view*

Fine upon the prefentment*

it & 13 Car* »* c. 17.

General iitue.

Treble coftf.

v 8t. John’s. Ste 1 Geo. *• c. II.

Anno fecundo Giflielmi & Maria; c.8, [1690,

XXII.  And for the better effedHng the fame* and preventing the throwing out or laying any allies, foil, dull, or rubbilh, or other nufance orobftnidbioninany the ftreets, lanes, orpaflages of the faid city or liberties thereof, it is further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, and to and for any alderman of the faid city for the time being, upon his own proper knowledge or view, in the open general felfions, to make prefentment for any flich offence committed, done, or fuffered within the faid city or liberties thereof, which prefentment (hall be good and effe&ual j and the lord mayor and juftices of the fame city (hall immedi-ately, at the fame general fefiions, have authority to affefs fines for such offences, not exceeding twenty (hillings for any one offence; which fines, fo to be allefied as aforesaid, (hall be levied and paid unto the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, for the ufe of the fame city, to be employed in the publick payments of the fame city; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.  And whereas there are many good provifioni mbit ari ordained for the cleanftng the fewer j, and well paving the Jlreets n London, by one aft made in the two and twentieth and thru ad twentieth years of King Charles the Second, intituled^ An ad for the better paving and cleanfing the ftreets and fewers in and a-bout the city of London, which have been much objlrufted by mh of many frivolous and vexatious aftions commenced and profecutdi} evil difpofed perfons againjl officers and others employed in the exr*-tion of toe faid aft; wherefore to prevent the like vexatious pro-fecutions tor the future, be it further enabled. That if any action, fuit, plaint, or information, (hall at any time after the faid fifteenth day of December be commenced or profecuted a-gainft any perfon or perfons, for what he or they (hall do n purfuance of or in execution of the faid laft recited a&, or this adl, such perfon or perfons, fo fued in any court whatfoever, (hall or may plead the general iffue, and upon any iffue joined, may give the faid refpedtive adts, or either of them, as the cie may require, and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer difeonti-nuance, or if a yerdidt pafs againft him or her, the defendant and defendants (hall recover their treble cods, for which the; (hall have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by the In are given to defendants.

AXIV. And it is hereby enadted and declared, for avoid‘d any doubt touching the highway leading from the eaft fideo tXerkcmvell Green to Saint John'i Street, That the (kid way M be paved according to the diredtion of this adt.

CA

Ill

t6po>1 Anno fiscondbGtJLiELMi & Maria. C9.

CAP. IX. (19.)

An oS for the encouraging the drilling of brandy and -ritsfrom corn, and for laying feveral  , on low ,

or  fpirits of the first extraction.

WHEREAS by  off made in the parliament held in  the first J* jJ*’

year of their Majeflies reign, intituled, An aCt for prohi- ,0 w. 3. biting all trade and commerce with France, all brandies, aqua c. 4. vitae, and fpirits are prohibited to be imported into this kingdom: And whereas good and wbolfome brandies, aqua vitae, and fpirits, mtfy be drawn and made from malted corn: For the encouragement there-fore of the making of brandy ^ Jlrong waters* andfpiritS) from malted cornf and for the greater conjumption of com9 and the advantage of tillage in this kingdom:

II. Be it enaCted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent &xcife upon Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-fpirits till 169 r. ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament cffilwttd t0 aflesnbkd, ana by the authority of the fame. That from and  **

after the four and twentieth day of December, in the year of our f. 6.

Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety, until the five and twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety five, there (hall be paid by way of ex-cife unto their Majefties and their fuccefiors, for all low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, drawn by diftillers or other makers of fpirits and ftrong waters for fide within this kingdom of England^ dominion of Wales> and town of Berwick upon Tweedy the rates and duties following (that is to fay) For every xhe feveral gallon of low wines of the first extraction, made or drawn from rates, any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture with foreign materials, eight pence; for every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from brewers wafh or tilts, or from any fort of Engli/h materials, other than from drink brewed and prepared from any lort of malted com, or from perry or cyder, twelve pence; for every gallon of low wines of the first extraction, drawn or made only from drink brewed and made of any fort of malted com, one penny; and for every gallon of low wines of the first extraction, drawn or made from cyder or perry, or any mixture therewith, three pence.

III. And be it further enfeCted by the authority aforesaid, Diftillers (hall That all diftillers and others, who (hall draw or make any low draw their fpi-wines, fpirits, or brandy, from com, (hall brew, or caufe their ritsfrom corn, corn to be brewed ana made into clean and wholfome drink, |^&s°u^c. " and from such drink fo made and prepared (without any mix-1  9

ture with any molofies, wafh, or tilts, or other materials what- ' ioever) (hall draw their low wines or fpirits of the first extraction ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the gager and Gagers gagers of excife, from time to time, to gage and keep an ac- ^UiiDtcfic count of the .{iquors, wort$, and drink made and drawn by fpirits. such diftillers or others, for the making such low wines, fpirits,

or

x n  Anno  ieoundo  Gulielmi  &  Maria*, c.9.  (1690*

or brandies, and to fee that the (atpe be drawn and made from . drink made of malted com entirely, without any mixture as a-Penalty aped fbrefaid j and in cafe any drillers or others (hau therewith mix mixing other any other materials, either in the brewing, or after the tame is materials. made into drink, and before the fame be diftilled into low wines, the (aid gagers (hall charge the low wines, drawn from the drink fo mixed, with the duty of twelve pence for every gallon, which (aid duty (hall be anfwered and paid to their Majefties and their fttcceflbrs.

Penalty upon IV. And be it further enaAed, That no diftillers or others, difbller mak- drawing low wines or fpirits from com, prepared as afbrefaid, •ng ^Lfccciv” (hall prepare any wafli from molofles or other materials, or re-edve any waflh of molofles or other materials from any other perfon wnatfoever, until he has drawn off and diftilled all the liquors made or prepared from com as afbrefaid, on pain of forfeiture for every barrel of such liquors made of com as a-forefaid, found undiftilled or drawn into low wines, the fum of five pounds.

Penalty upon V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That officer making if any gager or other officer of excife (hall wittingly and wil-a folic return, jjngly make a falfe charge, by returning to the commHIionen any quantity of low wines or fpirits of the first extra&km, not made from malted com, as made and drawn from malted com, fach gager or officer (hall forfeit his office or employment, and alfo (hall forfeit for every gallon of low wines fo falfly charged or returned, the fum of ten (hillings.

Diftiller may VI. And for the further encouragement of diftillers and others, export malted to draw and make fpirits or brandies from malted com brewed fpirits. into drink as aforesaid, and to export the fame as merchandize into parts beyond the feas, be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any diftillers or others, upon oath made before any two or more of the commiffioners of excife, or juftices of tne peace for the county or place from whence any brandy or ftrong waters k or are intended to be exported, that the fame Were or was made and drawn from drink brewed from malted com, without any mixture with any other materials, apd that the fame is not mixed with any low wines, not drawn a fecond time, nor with any other fpirits or brandy made from .any other materials, either native or foreign, and that the duties of the feme are duly en-tred or paid, and that the fame are exported for merchandize, to be fpent beyond the feas, to export such fpirits or brandres made from com prepared as aforelaid; and upon a certificate Rebate of 3 d. under the hands of the officer of excife for the port or phet t" UP‘ where such fpirits or brandies were (hipt off, of the quantity fo cm^exportiu ihipt, and that the fame was (hipt in the prefence of such officers, that such diftiller, or others fo exporting, (hall be allowed or paid back by the commiffioners, or their collector for the port or place where such fpirits or brandy (hall pe (hipt off, the fum of three pence for every such gallon of brandy or fpirits fo (hipt off.

VII.  And

i6goJ • Aiifio fccuiidojGuLlELMi & Marine, c.9.  nj

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Gager (hall

That the gager and gagers of excife (hall, from time to time, t^c®^co“nt rage and take account of all wa(h and other materials prepared 0  9  c*

7T preparing for the making of low wines, and alfo of all low

vines, lpirits, or ftrong waters found in the houfes, cellars, or

varehoufes, or in any wa(h, back, cafk, or other veflel or vef-

iels ufed by any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits ; and Gager (hall

n cafe he (hall mifs any quantity or quantities of liquor or drink charge diftil- ■

>rewed or made from com, or apy wa(h, or other materials titiwmiSng!'

prepared for making of low wines, which he found or gaged the

aft time such gager was at such diftiller’s, not exceeding twenty

our hours before, and (hall not on demand receive fatisfeftion

vhat is become of such drink or wafli, pr other such like ma-

erials, that in every such cafe it (hall be lawful for such gager

0 charge such diftiller with fo much low wines as such liquor*

Irink, wafh, or other materials fo milling, in his judgment vould reafonably have made.

VIII.  And to the intent that the duties payable to their Ma-» uinnier (haft efties for all low wines, fpirits, aqua vita, and ftrong waters* give notice to nay be the better afeertained, collected, and levied, be it en- gager of time idled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid ~ £Amoving our and twentieth day of Beamier, no diftiller or maker of low fpjrjtS| except vines, (pints, aqua vita, and ftrong waters, (hall diftil or fet their at certain tills at work for the drawing or making any the liquors above times mea* nentioned,or (hall deliver or cany out any low wines* fpirits, ortionedj

qua vita, to any of their cuftomers, in ca(k or by the gallon,

without notice thereof first given to the officer of excife for the

>lace or divifion where such diftiller or maker (hall live,- to the

ntent that such officer may be prefent to fee and gage the fame*

mlefs at such times as herein after are mentioned, (that is to

ay) from the nine and twentieth day of September, to the twenty

inh of March yearly, between the hours of five of the clock

n the morning, and eight of the clock in the evening; and

irom the twenty fifth day of March to the twenty ninth of Sep-

ember yearly, between the hours of three of the clock in the

norning, and nine of the clock in the evening, upon* pain that  .

ivery diftilfer and maker of the liquors aforesaid, doing contrary

lereunto, (hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of ten iol. penalty*

rounds.

IX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Manner of lei That the feveral rates and duties of excife. hereby impofed on vying, collcft. he liquors aforelaid, (hall be railed, levied, collefted, recover- in£»

:d, and paid unto their Majcfties and their fucceflors during the

ime before mentioned, and in the fame manner and form, and

ty such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and

orfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled, and direfted in and by * .

me aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of uCar.s. c.*4*

the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for taking a-

way the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capfte, and by

\nights fervice, and purveyance, and fir fettling a revenue upon his

Mafijly in lieu thereof j and alfo in and by one other aft of par-

Vol.IX.  I  liament

Fines upon this aft how recoverable

114  Anno  fecundo  Gulielmi  &  Mari a, c.g. [1690,

i5Car.ft«c<iT. liament made in the fifteenth year of his laid Majesty’s reign intituled. An additional aft far the bitter ordering and couefting tb\ duties of excife, and preventing the dbufes therein, or in either o them, or by any other law now in force, relating to the reve< nue of excite. ,

X.  And be it further enafted by the authority afbrdaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this ad impofed, (hall be fued for, recovered, and levied by nich ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may tx recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in'any of their Majefties courts oi record at Weflminfter j and that one moiety of such fine, penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to their Majefties and their fuccefi fors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XI.  Provided always, and be it enaCted and declared by th« authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any perion or perfons, during the continuance of this ad, to make, draw, or diftil for fale, or to be retailed, any low wines or fpirits, from drink brewed from malted com only, paying the duties, and being fubieCt to all fines and penalties as other diftillers are; any law, charter, or other thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.  And be it further enaCted by the authority afordak!, That all ftrong waters, brandy, aqua vsteey or fpirits brought from the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sarty or Alderney* (hall be chafed with the duty of eight (hillings for every gallon, to be pad to the colle&or or officer of excife, upon entry thereof before landing; and that all other excifeable liquors brought from the (aid iflands, or any of them, except beer, ale, and mum, (hall be charged and chargeable with such and the like duties as are charged or chargeable on the like liquors made in this kingdom,

Oath mull be to be entred and paid as abovefaid: And that before the land-madethaechey ing of any such liquors, oath (hall be made by the importer or *rcf°^thcmfa“ owner of such brandy, ftrong waters, or fpirits, and other li-thofe iflands <luor8> before the collector or principal officer of the cuftoou otherwife ad', of the port where the fame are to be landed, that the fame art judged French of the growth and manufacture of the laid iflands, or one d ^ummodiHes* them, and are not made from or mixed with any foreign 0-7aU\\ w. x. quors or materials. And in cafe any such liquors (hall be im-c. ti. f. s. and ported and landed before due entry, such oath made, and ths \ & # Annie, (aid duties paid j the faid ftrong waters, btandy, and other li-c. 4. f. 3. dur- qUors, (hall be taken and adjudged to be of the growth and cm* meoftty**' nw^a^urc of the territories of the French King, and the £»d liquors (hall be deftroyed, and all perfons concerned in the importation or fale tliereof, (hall forfeit and fuffer all and ever1 the penalties mentioned in an aCt made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled. An aft for prohibiting all trade commerce with France, in fuch, and the fame manner, as if tte faid liquors had been of the growth and manufacture of th:

territona

Any perfon toay difliL

ttr«K

I19. f. 13.

Excife upon brandy and other liquors from Guera-fey, &c.

mBs.

I W. & M. (T. s. c. 34. viv. the for. fnlun of the •value tor the frf offence.

ijjpo.] Anna fecunda Guxielmi & Maria, c.iq. 115

territories of the. Frtveb King, and (hall be profecuted and re*

covered as in the faid aft is appointed.  etc.

XIIL Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That all charters and  ag-

letters patents already made, or hereafter to be made or grant- gregate fund, ed, for the foie making of brandy, fpirits, or ftrong waters L®*“-*•*• **• from com of any fort, or in any manner whatioever, as a new thefolVmak-invention, or whereby the power and liberty given by this aft ing of brandy' to all perions for the diddling and making brandy, Ipirits, or void, ftrong waters from com, (hall be in any manner reftrained,

/ha 11 be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

CAP. X. (20.)

Ana& for granting to tbeir Mtyefties feveraadditional duties of excife upon beer, ok, and other liquors for four years, from the time that an aSt far doubling the duty of excift upon beer,  ale, and other  liquors, during the fpace of

. one year, doth expire.

Moft gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majefties moft dutiful and loyal ftibjefts, the commons ailembled in parliament, taking into ferious confideration the great and urgent occafions, which do prefs your Majefties to an extraordinary expence of tregfure for the defence of your kingdoms and dominions againft invafion, and for preferring to your faid fubjefts the intercourfe of trade, for which purpose your Majefties have found yourfelves obliged to  ^

equip aqd let out to lea a royal navy, and to make and main-tain a war againft the French King; and in moft thankful acknowledgement of your Majefties tender care of the welfare of your people, and for the augmenting the naval ftrength of this your kingdom, by building fotne new (hips of war, have cheer-‘uliy and unanimoufly given and granted, and do hereby give ind grant to your Majefties, the feveral additional rates and luties of excite herein after mentioned; and da moft humbly.

>efeech your Majefties that it may be enafted j.

II. And be it enafted by the King's and Queen's moft ex- Additional client Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the excif*-ords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-iatnent aflcmbled, and by the authority of the lame, That from nd after the feventeenth day of November, in the year of our wet <f theft vord, one thou land fix hundred and ninety one, there (hall be /‘if * throughout your Majefties kingdom of  ,  dominion  of6  *

'Vales,and town of  Berwick upon Tweed,raifed, levied, and col- ^nn. c. 6. *

:fted, and paid unto your Majefties and your fucceflbrs, du- i Geo. i. flat, ng the fpace and term of four years, and no longer, for beer, *• c.»»- /•s.

Le, cyder, and other liauors herein after exprefled, by way  ffff

xcife, over and above all other duties, charges, and impofitions y any former aft or afts /then unexpired) fet and impofed, 6 o. beer, nd in manner and form following} (that is to fay) for every

12  barrel

ii6 Aano fccundo Gitlielmi & Marije. c.io. [1690;

barrel of beer or ale, above fix (hillings the barrel, exdufivt of the duty of excife, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perlbn or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publicity or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons rcfpedtively, and (b proportion-ably for a greater or lefier auantity, over >nd above the duties payable for the fame, one milling fix pence; for every barrel of Beer under 6/. beer or ale of fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perlbn or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the faid common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refoeftively as aforesaid, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, over and above the duties payable for the fame, VmegarEog- fix pence; for every barrel of vinegar or vinegar-beer, brewed, or ■  made  of any Engltjb materials by any common brewer, or any

other perfon for lale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, over and above the duties of excife payable for the fame, tnree (hillings ; for Vinegar fo. every barrel of vinegpr, or liquor prepared for vinegar, made raga. here for fale, that hath run through rape, or made with or paf-fing through any foreign materials, or any mixture with foreign materials, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo proportion-, ably for a greater or lefier quantity, eight (hillings ; for every Beer, Vr. barrel of beer, ale, or mum, imported from beyond the Teas, or from the iflands of Guernfcy or Jerfey* and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, to be paid by the importers before landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, Cyder fer ton. fix (hillings; for every ton of cyder or perry imported from beyond the feas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefier quantity, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and Brandy fingle. above the duties payable for the fame, eight pounds ; for every gallon of fingle brandy, fpirits, or aqua vita, imported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, four (hillings. (R/~ pealed by 4  M. cop. 6.) For every gallon of brandy,

fpirits, or aqua vita above proof, Commonly called double brandy* imported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, eight (hillings. (Repealed by 4. Gf 5 W. M* cap. 6.) For all cyder and perry made and fold by retail, upon every hoglhead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, over and above the duties payable for the fame, and fo proportionably for a greater or letter meafure, two (hillings fix pence; for all metheglin or mead, made for fale, whether bv retail or otherwife^ to be paid by the maker, for every gallon (ix pence.

III. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral rates and duties of excife hereby impofed on the liquors aforesaid, Ihall be raifed, levied, collected, recovered and paid unto their Majefties and their fucceflbrs, during the time before mentioned, and in the lame manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and

Brandy

double.

Cjrder retail-

Metbeglin.

Manner of levying.

jfyo.J Anno fecundo Gdlielmi & Marije. c.io.' 1x7

forfeitures, as are Mentioned, exprcfied, and direfted in and by one aft of parliament, made in the first year of their prefent Majefties reign, intituled. An ail for an additional duty of extife * W. & M. fl. upon  bar, alt, and other liquors, or by any other law now in force *' c‘ ***

relatingto the revenue of excife.

IV.  Provided that nothing in this aft contained (hall be con- Excife for-

ftrued to continue the duties of excife granted by an aft made , ^  ^

in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled. An ail for an |Jf additional duty of excife upon bar, alt, and other , or any * w &M.& other duties-of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, for any 1. e. *4. longer time than the fame are refpeftively granted by the faid

aft, or any other aft or afts for that purpose.

V.  And be it farther enafted by the authority aforesaid, Victuallers,

That it (hall and may be lawful for any viftuallers or retailers, Ac. mayteew, or common brewers, who for or within the fpace of one year  thc ***

before the feventeenth of November laft, have not brewed their

•own beer and ale, to brew and make the ftrong beer, (mail beer, or ale, drank, confumed, fpent, or fold in their refpeftive hou-•fes, out-houfes, or other placet, paying the duty of excife for  <

the fame, in manner as brewers ana retailers of beer and ale brewing and making the lame are liable by the laws of excife now in force; and on their entring the beer and ale by them refpeftively made, at the excife office within the limits wherein such beer and ale (hall be made, and on the payment of the duty of excife for the fame, such perfon and perfons (hall not -be liable to the penalty of one hundred pounds impofed in an aft made in this prefent parliament, intituled. An ail for doubling Ante c. j. the duty of excife upon  beer, ale ', and other during the fpace

of one year j any thing in the fame aft to the contrary not* withftanding.

VI. And whereas by an ail made in the first year of their  t W. & M. (L

flies  reign, intituled, An aft for appropriating certain duties for »• *• at.

^the States General of th t United Provinces their charges Majesty*s expedition into this kingdom, and for other . ufes,  the money accruing and payable to their Majefties byforce ofanother ai! made in the faidfirft year of their Majefties reign,  j  w.  &  M.  ff.

An aft for an additional duty of excife upon beer, ale, and other t. c. *4. liquors (together with other money arifing and payable by certain other ails of parliament) was appropriated for and towards the payment of fix hundred thousandpounds to the States of the United Provinces: •

And after the faid fix hundred thousand pounds fo paid, the refidue of the money which  Jhquld accrue and be payable  to their Majefties by vir-

tue of the faid ail, to be for and towards the fubduing of the rebellion ^Ireland, and other charges of the war againft France: And whereas the increafe of the navalftrength and force of this kingdom is one of the heft and mqft ejfeilual means for carrying on the war againft France, and for maintaining the honour and fafety of the ; be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid, That all monies which lhall accrue and become payable to their Majefties by virtue of the faid aft, intituled. An ail for an additional duty  *

of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, from and after the faid fix hundred thousand pounds (hall be paid to the States General:

13  And

i i8  Anno  fecundo  Gul«i:jb  &  Mama.  c.io.  ^169a.

Appropria- And al(b all monies to be collected, levied and paid by virtue rtf. (^‘s a<^»  ^  applied  to the ufes following (that is to fey)

due oftheex- t^ie fum of five hundretond feventy thousand pounds, part there-cife before of, (hall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropri-given to the ated for the building, and for the guns, rigging, and other fur* buildiAg »7 nifhing of seven and twenty (hips of war, whereof feventeen to ^ °f the third rate, and to contain and meafure eleven hundred fcff. i. c. 14.. tons, or thereabouts, and to carry eighty guns apiece j and ten to be of the fourth rate, and to contain and meafure nine hun* dred tons or thereabouts, and to carry fixty guns apiece.

VII. And be it farther enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That the faid seven and twenty (hips of war hereby directed to be built, as aforesaid, (hall be, ana are hereby directed to be built and fumifhed with all convenient expedition, the whole number to be compleated with guns, rigging, and furniture, within the fpace of four years, to be1 accounted from the five and twentieth day of Martha one thoufend fix hundred ninety 1 one.

4*he eefidue VIII. And to the end that the faid five hundred and feventy of the former thoufend pounds, may be applyed to the building and fumifhing this tote *he faid (hips of war; and alfo that their Majefties may be kept apart, enabled to borrow upon the credit of this ad, any fum or Hum and mud of money not exceeding ten hundred thoufend pounds, for tbe weekly into ufes Qf the feud war, be it farther enaCted, That from and after ■uer. *" tlie f*>d fix hundred thousand pounds (hall be paid to the (aid *  *  States  General,  until  the  eighteenth  day of  which  (hall

be in the year one thousand fix hundred ninety-five, the com-miflioners and governors for the management of the receipt of excife at the head office in Lenders, (hall feparate and keep apart as well the laid monies arifing by virtue of the (aid ad, intituled, An a£t for an additional of upon beer, alt and other Byuers, as the monies arifing by virtue of this a<ft, as the fame (nail from time to time ariw, or be paid into the (hid office of excife by the receivers or collectors of the fame, or by any other perfon whatfoever; and the auditor and comptroller of the excife for the time bong, or their refpeCtive deputies, (hall keeps .perfect and diftinCt account in books fairly written of the faid monies, as the fame (hall come in, to which books all perions concerned (hall have free aocefs at all feafOnable rimes without fee or charge j and the faid commifiioners and governors of excife for the rime being, are hereby required, ana ftriCUy en-joyned, from time to time to pay weekly, to wit, on in every week, if it be not an holy-day { and if it be, then the next day after that is not an holy-day, the faid monies into the receipt of their Majefties exchequer, diftinCt and apart from tbe other monies which the faid commifiioners and governors of excife (hall receive for their Majefties ufe.

A fcparate IX. And it is farther enaCted by the authority aforesaid, exekeauer That the officers of the receipt of their Majefties exchequer ’  ‘ (hall keep all monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of the

exchequer by yirtue of this ad, or of the feid former ad, and

the

i6$o-] Anno fccundo Guleelmi & Marine, c-io:  19

the account thereof diftind from all other monies and accounts whatfoeyer, and (hall alfo keep a particular account of the charge of the building, guns, rigging, and other furnilhing of each of the (aid (even and twenty (hips of war hereby directed to be built, as aforefaid. >

X.  And be it farther enaded, That out of the monies lb One third from time to time paid into the receipt of their Majefties ex- P*rt to bepaid chequer, one third part thereof, the whole in three equal parts

to be divided, (haU in each and every of the faid years be inued ge, and paid .out for and towards the building, and for and towards the guns, rigging and other fumifhing of the faid seven and twenty (hips of war; and that the commiflioners of the treafury*-  >

or lord treafiirer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, do not fign any warrant or order, or do any other platter or thine for the ifluing of any part of the faid one third part, to any perron or perfons, other than the treafurer of the navy, or the treafurer or paymafter of the ordnance for the time being, and exprefling therein, that the fame is for the building, or for the guns, rigging or other furnilhing of the seven and twenty (hips of war above mentioned; nor (hall the auditor of the receipt draw any order for the ifluing any part of the faid one third part, to any jperfon or perfons, other than the treafiirer of the navy, or treararer or paymafter of the ordnance, as aforefaid ; nor (hall he direct, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment of any part of the faid one third part by virtue of any warrant, or upon any order, or other way or device whatfoever, other than to the perrons, and for the ufes aforesaid, and to be fo mentioned and exprefled in such warrant or order.

XI.  And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid, Treafiirer ofi

That the treafurer of the navy, and the treafurer or pay-mafter  ■

of the ordnance refpedively, may afiign and transfer any part over the thud of the faid one third part due and payable to them upon any part, order, by indoriement upon such order, which being notifiea,

and an entry and memorial thereof alfo made in the office of the auditor of the receipt, (which on requeft he (hall accordingly make, without fee or charge) (hall intitle such aflignee, his exe-  ■»

cutors, adminiftrators and afligns, to the benefit of such order or orders, or any part thereat ind payment thereon; and such aflignee may in like manner aflign, and fo gutties; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such perfon or perfons; who have or hath made such alignments, to make void, releafe or difcharge the fame, or the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XII.  And it is hereby farther enaded, That the treafurer of ^^aSvte the navy, and treafurer or pay-mafter of the ordnance for the j^p ,7,c. time bring, (hall keep all monies paid to* them refpedively by count, virtue of this ad, diftind and apart from all other monies, and

ifliie and pay the fame by warrant of the principal officers and commiflioners of the navy or ordnance refpedively, or any three or more of them, and mentioning and exprefling, -That it is for the building, or for the guns, rigging, or other nimiftiing

14  of

u« Anno fccundo Gitlielmi & Marij*. c.iO. {1690.

of the seven and twenty (hips of war, as aforesaid, and to no other intent or purpose whatfoever. officer* of the XIII. And it is farther enafted, That the principal officers bills onl”^br commi^oners of the navy, and the principal officers of the biuidjog! °r ordnance, refpeftively, or any three or more of them, (hall not '  fign any warrant or navy bills, or do any other aft or thing for

the ifluing and paying any of the (aid monies to any ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever, other than for the building, or for the guns, rigging, or other fumithing of the seven and twenty (hip* of war, as aforesaid, and to be fo mentioned and expreflfed in such warrant or navy bill, dtufeofcredit  XIV. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforesaid,

for 1 ,ooooool. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perlon or per-Xr* two *fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate to ad-. vance and lend to their Majefties into the receipt of the exche-, quer, upon the credit of two third parts, the whole in three •equal parts to be divided, of the monies^to be brought in to the receipt purfuant to the directions of this aft, as aforesaid, any Turn or iums of money, not exceeding the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds in the whole $ and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof, intereft not exceeding the rate of fevea pounds by the hundred for one year.

Annual for- XV. And to the end that all monies which (hall be fo lent to plus of dutitt their Majefties, may be well and fufficiently fecured out ,of, and Swng&V & t^ie mon*cs ar^ng by this or the faid former a 61, and ap-p 7/tobcap- P™nte<* by this'prefent aft to be paid into the exchequer, 21 plied for pay-aforefaid, (other than, and befides the faid one third * part ap-snentsof prin- propriated as aforefaid) together with the intereft for the money ciPa* ^ fo lent, not exceeding the rate aforefaid\ berit farther enafted two third* erf by the authority aforesaid, That there (hall be provided and ‘tfae excite kept in their Majefties exchequer, (that is to fay) in the office hereby grant- of the auditor of the receipt, one book in which all monies ed, id. fiat, which (hall be paid into the exchequer, as aforesaid, (hall be tal?y and pay-entre<* aPart an<* diftinft from ail other monies paid or payable mentin •’to their Majefties upon any account whatfoever: and that all 'tourf?, -end every perfon and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall lend any money to their Majefties upon the credit of this aft, and pay tne fame into the receipt 01 the exchequer, (hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his or their repayment, bearing tha fame date with the tally; in which ordeF (hall be ajfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance, not exceeding the rate aforelaid, for his or their confideration, to be paid every three months until repayment of the principal; and that all orders for repayment of jnoney (hall be regiftred in courfe according to the date of the tally refpeftively, without preference of one before another, and tnat all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in. courfe, according as their orders (hall ftand entred in the faid regifter book, fo as that the perfon, .pative or foreigner, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators pnd aftigns, who ftull have his, her, or their order or orders *  »  firft

1690.] Anno fecundo<5uLiELMi & Mari^t# c. 10.

firft entred in the faid book, (hall be taken and accounted as the £rft perfon to be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue of this ad, (other than, and befides the faid one third part, appro-^ priated as aforefaid;) and he or they who (hall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the aforefaid two third parts (the whole in three equal parts being divided) of all the monies before mentioned, (hall be in the lame order liable to the fatisfadion of the faid rcfpec-Jve parties,‘their executors, adminiftrators or affigns fucceffive-y, without preference of one before another, and riot otherwife, ind not to be divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpose vhatfoever; and that no fee, reward or gratuity, diredly or in-iiredly, be demanded or taken of any of their Majefties fub-eds, for providing or making of any luch books, regifters, en-ries, view or fearch, as aforesaid, by any of their Majefties officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of :reble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending! vith cofts of fuit; or it the officer or officers themfelves take >r demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe their places alfo; tnd if any undue preference of one before another (hall be nade, either in point of regiftry or payment contrary to the rue meaning of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the )arty offending (hall be liaole by adion of debt, or on the cafe, o pay the value of the debt, damages and cofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from their places or offices j tpd if such preference be unduly made by any their deputies >r clerks, without direction or privity of the officer or officers, hen such deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to such adion, lebt, damages and cofts, and mall be for ever after uncapable >f his place or office; and in cafe the auditor (hall not dired the >rder, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to each perfon’s due place and order, as afore lireded, then he or they (hall be judged to forfeit, and their re-pedive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to uch adioq, debt, damages and cofts, in such manner, as afore-aid; all which (aid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts to >e incurred by any of the officers aforesaid, or any their depu-ies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, )illt plaint or information in any of their Majefties courts of re-:ord at Wejlminjler^ wherein no efloin, protedion, priviledge, vager of law, mjundion, or order of reftraint, (hall be in any vile granted or allowed.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if t happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as Lforefaid, hear date, or be brought the fame day to tne auditor )f the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no un-lue preference which of thqfe he enters (irft, fo he enters them ill the fame day.

XVII.  Provided alfo, That it (hall not be intrepreted any indue preference tq incur any penalty in point of payment, it

m

Money tnrnf-fembie.

PimUhmtnt upon officers ling or applying.

Annb fecundo GvLitLtii & Ma&u. c*  f* ^9°>

the auditor direft, and the clerk of the pell* record, and tht teller do pay fubfequent orders of perfonsthat come and demand their money, and bring their order in their,conrfe, lo as there be fo much money referred,' as will fatisfy precedent orders, which fhall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them

Sintered upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is o referved, and kept in bank for them.)

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and eveiy perfon and perfons to whom any monies fhall be due by virtue of this alt, after order entred in the book of regifter aforesaid, for payment thereof, his executors, ad-miniftratofs or afligns by mdorfement of his order may aflign and transfer his right, title, intereft and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any Other, which being notified in die office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in die faid book of regifter for orders {which the officers (hall upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall entitle such aftignee, his executors, adroi-niftrators and afligns to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon'} and.fuch aftignee may in like manner aflien again, and fo Mies  quoties :and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fbch

perfon or perfons who have or hath made such affignments, to make void, releafe or difcharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof: and if the faid commiffioners or governors of the exciie for the time being, (hall refufe or negleft to pay into the exchequer the faid monies in such manner » they are before required or enjoyned to do, or (hall divert or milapply any part of the lame; or if any other officer mentioned in this aft, of or belonging to the exchequer, navy or ordnance, fhall offend againft this aft, or any daufe thereof, by diverting or mifapplying any monies whatfoever, contrary to the true intent jknd meaning of this aft. That then such commiflioner, governor or officer fo refilling or neglefting to pay, or diverting or mifapplying, as aforesaid, (hall forfeit and lofe his office or place, and is hereby difabled and made uncapable to hold or execute any office or place of truft for the future, and (hall be liable to pay the full value of any fum or Turns fo diverted or naif-applied unto any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame,

Sany aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of their ajefties courts of record at JVeJiminJler, wherein no cffoin,

Jiroteftion, priviledge, wager of law, or more than one impar-. ance (hall be granted or allowed.  I

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That no ftay of pro-' fecution upon any command, warrant, motion, order or di-reftion by non vult ulurius profequi, fhall be had, made, admitted, received or allowed by any court whatfoever, in any fuit or proceeding by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, or otherwife, for the recovery of all or any the pains, forfeiture^ or penalties, upon any perfon or perfons by this aft infli&ed or therein mentioned, or for or in order to the conviftion or d& ability of any perfon offending againft this aft.

XX. vf*

6go.) Ahh6 fcCundo GtfLllLMl & MARUB. C. 10*  *23

XX.  And whereas by an abl made in this  JeJJion of -

merit, intituled, An aft far granting unto their Majefties cer-in impofitions upon all Eajt India goods, and manufactures, c»p. j. id upon all wrought filks, and feveral other goods and mer-landize, to be imported sifter the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, it is enabled, hat  it Jbcdl be lawful for -any perfon or per fins  and lend

their  Majefties any pan or fums of money upon the feeurity of the

id  abl', ana whereas by another ah made in this  of

\rliament, intituled. An aft for the continuance of feveral for- Sef. a. e. 4. ier afts therein mentioned, for the laying feveral duties upon ines, vinegar, and tobacco, it is enabled, That it JbaU be lawful r any perfon or per fens to advance and lend to their Majejlies any m or Jams of money, as well upon thefeeurity of thefame as up-

I  the feeurity of two former abls therein mentioned, made in the <ign of the late King James, in such manner as in the faid laftmen-oned abl made in this prefent fejfion of parliament is exprejjcd: now > the end that it may appear what monies fhall anfe or be-ume payable to their Majefties by virtue of the faid afts, where-y the monies advanced to their Majefties upon the credit of ie fame may be the better fecured, be it enafted by the au-

lority aforefaid. That from and after the five and twentieth day An office of f December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, during the ontinuance of the faid afts refpeftively, there fhall be continu-d, and be within the city of London, an office for the receipt of on Eaft India

II  the duties and fums df money granted or payable to their goods and t»-Aajefties by virtue of the faid laft mentioned afts, or either of ba«o,&c. to hem j in which office all the monies arifing .by the fame with- ** m Londotu n the port of London,or in the out-ports, or ellewhere, fhall

te well and truly anfwered and paid to the receiver or receivers general of their Majefties cuftoms, to be appointed by their vfajefties; which faid recover or receivers general is and are lereby direfted and' required from time to time, at the faid >ffice, to feparate and keep apart the whole receipt of the faid nonies due and payable by virtue of the faid aft, intituled. An Cap. 4.

\bl for granting to their Majefties certain impofitions upon all Eaft

naia goods and  manufablures,and upon all wrought fills, and five-

•al other goods and merchandize, to be imported after the five and

Wentieth day ff/'Dccembcr, one thousand fix hundred and ninety: as

ilfo to feparate and keep apart the whole receipt of all monies

granted to their Majefties by the faid aft, intituled. An abl for Cap. $,

the continuance of feveral former abls therein mentioned, for the laying

feveral duties upon winr,,vinegar, and tobacco 5 or thereby made a

fund of credit as aforesaid, as the fame fhall refpeftively become

due, and be paid into the faid office by the feveral receivers,

colleftors, or any others who are or (hall be employed to pay

the fame, and (hall remain from time to time, after the pay-  t

ments which (hall be made thereout by virtue of any laws in

force, upon debentures for goods that fhall be refhipt, or for

com exported, or for difeounts upon bonds, where difeounts

are allowable by law, and of such allowances of damaged goods,

and of bills of portage, as have ufually been Made; and the

com-

124 Anno fecundo GulIelmi & Marije. c. toi

comptroller general of the accounts of the cuftoms for the time being is hereby alfo required and commanded to keep perfeft and aiftinft accounts, in books fairly written, of the laid feveral and refpeftive duties and fums of money, as the lame (hall re-fpeftively come in; to which books all perfons concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, without fee or charge. And the faid receiver or receivers general is and are hereby required and ftriftly enjoined, from time to time, to pay weekly, to wit, on Wednefday in every week, unlefs it be an holiday, and then the next day after which £hall not be an holiday, the faid feveral and refpeftive fums as aforesaid, into the receipt of their Majefties exchequer, diftinft and apart from all the other monies .which he or they (hall receive tor their Majefties ufe : and if the receiver or receivers general for the time being (hall jrefufe or negleft to pay into the receipt of the exchequer, the faid fums of money arifing as aforesaid, in such manner as he - or they are before required or etljoined to do, or (hall divertor mifapplyany part of the fame, then he or they for any fiich offence (hall forfeit his or their office of receiver or receivers general, and be incapable of any office, emplqvment, or place of truft whatfoever, and (hall be liable to pay the full value of any Turn or fums fo diverted or mifapplied, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, by any aftibn of debt, bill, plaint, or; i  information  in  any  of their Majefties courts of recora at Wcjl-

rmnjler, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or privi-lege, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed. Appropria- XXL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That out . J*®11 °yhc re- Df the money which (hall be levied and paid by virtue of this ad ° *nto rece*Pt °f* exchequer, as well upon loan as other-i wife, the fum of seven hundred thousand pounds (hall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to andtc: the payment of feamen that (Hall ferve in their Majefties navy royal, for the year one (houfand fix hundred ninety-one; and to and for the building of three (hips, to be of the third rate, to contain and meafure each of them one thouland and fifty . tons, and for providing guns, rigging, and other furniture ft* the (aid (hips j and to and for the paying for (lores, provifiom, and viftpajs to be fupplied for the faid navy; and to and ter the expences of their Majefties office of orda^nce in refpeft tr naval affairs, and for other neceffary ufes and fervices to be performed for the faid navy in the time aforefaid; and that out c; gli other the money which (hall be levied and paid into the money receipt of the exchequer, as well upon loan as other-wife, oy virtue of (his a ft, or any other aft of tbis.feflion d parliament, for granting aids or fupplies to their Majefties for reducing Ireland\ or profecuting the war againft France, otac than what is as aforefaid appropriated by this aft, and the Cap.u aft For granting an aid to their Majefties of the fum of fees ' hundred fifty; one thousand seven hundred and two pounds teen fallings, for the payment of feamen, and other paytperri relating to their Majefties navy, the fum of fifteen hundred . thousand pounds fhall be applied and appropriated, and ii - .  "  *  here-

rGgo] Anno ftcundo Gulielmi & Maria, c. i r—13.  **£

hereby appropriated to and for the payment of their Majesties land forces and armies that have ferved and (hall ferve in England or Inland, or elfewhere, and the paving for arms, ammunition, carriages, ahd all other incident charges neceflary to the fame, and not otherwife; and that all other Turns of money paid and payable into the exchequer by virtue of any of the faid a£ts, over and above the Turns appropriated to and for the ufes therein exprefled, during their reipeaive continuance,

(hall be applied and appropriated to and for the profecution of the (aid war againft France, and the reducing Ireland, and the payment of the debts that (hall be incurred by reafon of the faid war, and to no other ufe or purpose whatfoever.

XXIL Provided always, and be it enadted. That the faid Ships for be : three (hips of war herein laft mentioned to be built, (hall be, built in a yq^r, and are hereby directed to be built and compleated with guns, rigging, and other furniture, within the fpace of one year, to be . accounted from the twentieth day of March next enfuing.

XXIII. Provided always, ana be it enadted, That it (hall The King and may be lawful to and for their Majefties to make ufe of any may difpofe of Turn or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred thousand 5©°>opo\. not pounds in the whole, granted in this prefent fefiion of parlia- aPPrt>Pri*t#«* orient, and not particularly appropriated, fo as the fame be repaid and applied to the carrying on of the prefent war, out of such monies as (hall arife from their Majefties revenue before the four and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord me thousand fix hundred ninety and one; any thing to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. *

CAP. XI. (21.)

An aft for appointing and enabling commjflioners to examine, take, and ^ ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom. Exp. Rrviwd bj 5 8c 6 W.

& M. cap. 23. till 25 April, 1695.

CAP. XII. (22.)

An aft for ratting the militia of this kingdom, for the year one thousand fix hundred ninety and one, although the month's pay formerly ad* vanced be not repaid. Exp.

CAP. XIII. (23,).

An  ailfor preventing vexatious fusts  such  as  ailed

for their Majefties fervice* in defence of the kingdom.

WHEREAS in this prefent year of our  one thousand Jin

hundred and ninety, about the time that the coafts of this kingdom were invaded by the French, the lords and others of their itfties moft honourable privy  council* divers , and other

\ood fubjetls, being magiftrates and officers* or ailing in purfuanct ■ their orders did for their Majefties jervice, and the fsfety of the dom* apprehend aud  imprifonSeveral fufpeiled  and did

and ufe horfes and  arms* and did caufe the greateft part  of the militia

of this kingdom to be  roifed*confirmed and

is authorized by the ails made in the reign of King Charles the Second in that behalf* and to march and to he  in  divers

places upon that occafion: That tbofeproceedings in that extraordinary

juniJure* ■

All profecu-tions, &c. made void*

i__

ueiencranr

lad Annofecundo Gduelmi & MARI*. C-i4-  [1690.

jsusffure,  and the partusconcerned therein may be there-

fore •, and for the preventing the trouble and ebargts vjhtfh the good fubjeffs might be put to by the  of  their  Majejlits,

their heirs and fiuctjfors, or by the means of vexatious fiats of any perfon wbatfoever, for and by reqfon of their offings and doings aforefaid:

■ II. Be it enadted by the King and Queen’s mod excellent majesties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal* and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of rite tame, That all perfonal actions', fuits, jnmdtments, informations,, and all other profecu-tions whatfoever, for or by reafon of the premises, be, and are hereby difcharged and made void: And if any adtion or fuit, “*y plead the hereby declared to be difcharged, hath been or (hall be com-md^ecover lnence‘l or profecuted, every perfon fo fued may plead the gene-deuble cod*, ral iflue, and give this act and the foecial matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff (hall "become nonfuit,.or forbear further pro-fecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdidk pafs againit him, the (aid defendant thall recover his double Cofts, for which he (hall have the like remedy as in calc where cofts by law an tgiven to defendant*

CAP. XIV. (24.)' dtn aft far the more effectual  in execution an off,

tituled, An adfc for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France. Continued by 4 & 5 W.& M. cap. 25. for three years, if die war with France laft fo long.

t Wit M. At. VTT’HERpAS by an affmade in the firji year of their Afajefin TV reign, intituled,An adt for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France, it was , That if any French wines, vinegar, brandy, linen, filks, and other commodities, the growth, produff,or mamifaffure of France, or of the territories or dominions of tht French King, or any goods, commodities, v manufaffures, mixed with any goods or commodities being of tht growth, produff, or mnufaffurt of any of the dominions or territories of the French King,  Jhould be imported contrary to the find aff, tbej

Jbould be jlaved, Jpilt, dejlroyeor burnt, in such manner the feud aff  direffed: notwithfiand which, divers of the goods,

commodities, and manufaffures taken, or pretended to be taken, a prizes, have been imported, but not JiavedS/pilt, burnt, or defirtyti, according to tht provifion of the faidaff t For remedy whereof, and for the more effedtual putting the faid adt in execution :

II.  Be it enadted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent in-.  *  majefties,  by  and  with  the  advice  and  content of the lords fpiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, ana by the authority of the feme, That if any officer or officers of the cuftoms or prizes (hall wilfully or knowing* fuffer any of the faid goods, commodities, or manufadtures, im-• -ported as prizes or otherwife, contrary to the laid adt, to be admitted to an .entry, or to be imbeziiled, and not ftaved, fpilt,

burnt,

1*7

i 6go.] Anno fecundo Guliejlmi & Maria, c.14.

burnt, or deftroyed, in such manner as by the faid aCt is directed j every such officer or officers (hall, being thereof lawfully convidted, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, whereof one moiety to be to their Majefties, their heirs, and (ucceffors, and the other moiety to such perfon or perfons as (hall difcover ahd fue for the lame, and alfo (hall for ever afterwards be incapable of having or executing any office in their Majefties revenue.

E X P.

III.  And it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty upoa That if any perfon or perfons, at any time or times from and «»y felling after the first day of February, one thousand fix hundred and

ninety, (hall fell, 01; utter by retail, in or by any glafs bottle or ^  *  *

bottles, or in or % any other retail meafure, not made of pewter, and fealed according to law, any kind of wine or wines whatfoever, or any other liquor expofed to fale for wine, or (hall fell the fame for a greater price than by the aforementioned a<ft is appointed, and (hall be convicted thereof by the confeffioii of the party, or by the oath of two credible witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or place where such offence (hall be committed (who are hereby required and impowered to adminifter an oath to that purpose) such perfon bong profecuted for such offence within thirty days next after such offence committed; that then every per-(bn fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every such offence the penalty and fum of fifty (hillings, which, if not paid upon demand, (hall be levied by diftrels and (ale of the goods and chatties of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice or juftices before whom such conviction (hall be made; which warrant die faid juftice and juftices are hereby impowered and required to grant to the conftable, headborough, or tythingman of the parim or place where such offence (hall be committed, who are hereby required and authorized immediately to levy the fame accordingly, rendring the overplus to the owner thereof; the faid penalty, forfeiture, and monies fo levied, to be riven to the informer } and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be committed to the common gaol, thereto remain without bail or mainpfize, until he (hall pay the faid money and penalty, and all neceflary cofts and charges of (uch conviction and profecution} the faia cofts to be taxed by the juftice or juftices before whom the faid conviction was made.

IV.  Provided, That where any offender (hall be punilhedby PerionpuniA-force of this aCt, he (hall not be profecuted, nor incur the pe- ^«*enjP* nalty of any other law or ftatute for the fame offence; and that ot“w no writ or writs of Certiorari (hall be granted or allowed to tio certiorari, fuperfede or remove any conviction or proceedings in purfuance

of this aCt, but that execution, and all other proceedings, (hall and may be had and made thereupon; any fitch writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithftanding.  .pi

V.  And whereas feveral officers and informers have been ,

eebufed, beaten, and  wounded, to the hazard of their  , in the due Curbing m-

exeattionformer*.

a

i*8  Anno  tertio  Gulielmi  &  Marine.  C.r.  [169^

execution of their Jeveral trujls and feruices in their reJpeStive place:, by companies ana multitudes of men; and prohibited goods have bj force and violence, as well by land as by water, been forcibly camel and conveyed away \ be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That where any officer or informer, or any other jperfon or perfons impowered by this aft, or the aforefaid aft or prohibition, (hall be by any perfon or perfons forcibly hindred, abufed, beaten, or wounded in the due execution of this or the aforefaid ad,

•ftfetjCar.'si c. *0.

joCar.s.fbi*

c.4.

all and every perfon and perfons fo refilling, abufing, beating, or wounding the faid officer or informer, or other perfons impowered thereby, or such as (hall aft in their aid and afiiftance, (hall by the next juftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, be committed to prifon, there to remain till the next quarter feffi-ons \ and the juftices of the faid quarter feffions (hall and are hereby impowered to puni(h the offenders by fine, not exceeding five pounds; and the offender is to remain in prifon till he be difeharged both of the fine and imprifonment, by order of the faid juftices, or any two of them.

CAP. XV. (25.)

An aft for relief of poor prisoners for debt or damages. Explained h < & 6 W. Sc M. cap. S. EXP.

Anno Regni GULIELMI & MARLE tertio.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the twentieth . day of March, Anno Dom. 1689. the of the reign of our fovereign lord and , William ad Mary, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and §>ueen, defenders of the faith. See, and from thence continued by  prorogations  and  ad-

journments to the two and twentieth day of Oftober, 1691. being the third feffion of this prefent  .

CAP. I.

iW.&M. An aft for granting to their Majefties certain irapofitions upon beer, ale, fefll 1. c. 14.  and other Liquors, for one year. Excife upon beer, &c. given for a year,

a W. U M.'  Lodger* of carriers, &c. retailers. No private perfon ihall brew where

feff. 1. c. as.  there is a common brewer, except he has brewed within a year, am) be

5&6W.&M.  (hall pay excife. Juftices of peace, See. may try crimes about excife

ao. £4$.  Penalties here given, how recovered. Rebate upon exportation c

T *  mum. Sec- Brewer (hall not carry away part of bis guile before th<

whole be finished, nor mix ftrong worts with the fmall. Excife charge upon the common brewer. This aft in force for a year only. Officer of excife not to meddle in eleftions of parliament. Gagers to em notes of their laft gages. Revived by 4.  5  W.  Se  M,  cap. 5, to cestva

during that *8, and to the end of the next fejptm* EXP.

CAI

i6gi.J Anno tertie Gulielmi & Maria. c.a.  129

CAP. II.

An aft for the abrogating the oath of fuprmacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths.

WHEREAS by a ftatute made in Ireland in the fecondyear of the reign of our late fovereign lady Sheen Elizabeth, intituled^ An ad for reftoring to the crown the ancient jurifdidion over the eftate ecclefiaftical and fpiritual, and abolithing all foreign power repugnant to the fame, the perfons therein mentioned are thereby obliged to take the oath in the Paid aft exprejfed:

II.  Be it enabled by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent The oath majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- “"je falra* tual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent pariia- . abro»c« ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from ej4i • henceforth no perfon whatfoever refiding in Ireland (hall be obliged to take the faid oath by force or virtue of the faid rented ftatute, or any other ftatute whatfoever; but that the faid latute, and every other ftatute, for fo much only as concerns he faid oath, (hall be and are hereby repealed, utterly abrogat- „ rd and made void.

III.  And be it further enaded, That the oaths appointed, in- perfons ended, or required by this ad to be taken, from and after the irft day of January next, in the year of our Lord one thousand ix hundred ninety one, be taken by the perfons herein and lereafter mentioned, and by every such other perfon and per-bns, as were appointed ana required by the faid recited ad, or ny other ftatute whatfoever made in Ireland, to take the faid ibrogated oath, before such perfon or perfons, and in such court is hereafter in this ad is exprefied (that is to (ay) all and every irchbifhop and bifhop of the realm of Ireland, that now is, and 11 and every perfon of or above the degree of a baron of parlia-nent there, and all and every other perfon and perfons inhabi-ants of or refiding within the faid realm of Ireland, now having ny promotion, office, or employment ecclefiaftical, civil, or military, or receiving any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reafon f any patent or grant of their Majefties, or any of their prede-eflors, or being matter, governor, head, or fellow of the col-sge or univerfity of Dublin, or matter of any hofpital, or fchool, ir barrifter at law, clerk in chancery, attorney, or profeflor of iw, phyfick, or other fcicnce, that (hall inhabit, be, orVefide Perfons within whin tne city of Dublin, or within thirty miles of the fame, \o miles of n the first day of Hilary term next, or at any time during theD“WlP»to. lid terra* in tneir Majefties high court of Chancery in that king-J^^^1* om, or in the court of King's Bench there, in publick and open Bench. 6 ourt, between the hours of nine of the clock and twelve in the Drenoon; and all the faid perfons which inhabit at greater di- Perfons abort :ance from the faid city, at the general quarter feflions to ^theftffions!^ olden for that county, barony, or place in Ireland aforesaid,in ?here he or they (hall be or refide, in open court between the Vol.IX.  K  fai4

Penalty upon clergymen Dot taking oaths, 5cc.

Penalty a; other effem

ftty upon ’ perfon* ding.

4*30  Anno  tertio  Gulielmi  &  Marijb. [1691;

faid hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, at any time be-They muft re- fore the five and twentieth day of July next; and (hall likewife peat the deda- make and fubferibe, and audibly repeat, the declaration hereto tat™. and hereafter mentioned, and exprefied ; all which (hall be put Clerk s Re. on ,^01^ in the laid refpedtive courts; and every perfon taking the fame (hall pay to the clerk for recording thereof, one (hilling, and no more. And if any archbhhop or bilhop, or any other perfon having any ecclefiaftical dignity or promotion, or being a lecturer or curate, (hall neglect or refufe to take the faid —  oaths,  and  make  and  fubferibe  the  faid declaration, as afo&faid,

thc then he or they (hall be ipfo fafto deprived, and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived of his and their offices, dignities, and promotions ecclefiaftical, and incapable to be lecturer or curate in any place or cure whatfoever; and all and every other perfon having any office, or receiving any pay, falary, fee, or wages, by reafon as aforesaid, or being mafter, governor, head, or fellow of the faid univerfity or college, or mafter of any hof-pital, or fchool, barrifter at law„ clerk in chancery, attorney, or profeflor of law, phyfick, or otlier fcience, as aforefiud, that (hall neglect or refute to take the faid oaths, and make and fubferibe the faid declaration within the time, and in the manner aforefaid refpe&ively, (hall be ipfo fafto thenceforth adjudged uncapable and difabled in law, to all intents and purposes whit-foever, to have, occupy or enjoy such office, pay, (alary, fee, wages, mafter (hip, governor’s place, headfhip, fellowfhip, employment or employments, or any part of them, or any matter or thing aforesaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them, or any of them ; and every such office and place (hall be void, and is hereby adjudged to be void.

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority afortiaid, That eveiy perfon that (hall become a barrifter at law, attorney, clerk, or officer in chancery, or any other court, their deputy or deputies, or (hall fucceed or praftife as such in Ireland, at any time after the laft day of Hilary Term next, (hall and is hereby required to take the faid oaths, and make and fubferibe the hid declaration, in the court of King's Bench at Dublin^ in open coin in term time, between the hours aforesaid, to be recorded as i-forefaid, before he (hall be admitted to enjoy or exercife any place or office, or to pradtife or plead in any court of law or eauity, or any other court of record, or not of record; and that all perfons that (hall after the first day of March next be admii-Mtedoafti ^'to tec* *nto ZUJ °®ce or employment, ecclefiaftical or civil, or coik tele this and *nto anY capacity, in refpect or by reafon whereof they (hoi£d the dcclara- have been obliged to take the faid abrogated oath in the faid return.  cited  adfc mentioned, (hall take the faid oaths, and make ani

fubferibe the faid declaration hereby appointed, hereafter e\-prefled, in such manner, at such times, and before such pcH ions, as they fhould or ought to have taken the faid fonnd oath, by virtue of the faid recited act, in cafe the fame had cj| been hereby abrogated as aforefaid.

7  V.Jel

Harrifters, &c. to take the oaths before admitted to employment.

All perfons wlx> were to

1691.] Anno tertlo Gulielmi & MARiiB. c,2.  131

V.  And forafmuck as great Sfquiet and many dangerous attempts No member of have been made, to deprive their Mqjejlies and their royal predecejfors  ri^°

of the /hid realm Ireland, by the liberty which thepopi/h recufants there have had and taken to Jit and vote in parliament; be it enabled he has taken by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the laft day of Ja~ the new oath nuary next, no pcrfon that now is, or (hall be hereafter a peer declara-of that realm, or member of the houfe of peers there, (hall vote t,on' or make his proxy in the faid houfe of peers, or (it there during

Ka ;bate in the laid houfe j nor any perfon that after the faia y of January (hall be a member of the houfe of commons,

(hall be capable to vote in the faid houfe, or fit there during any debate in the fame, after their fpeaker is chofen, until he first take the oaths herein and hereafter mentioned and expi efied, and make, fubfcribe, and audibly repeat this declaration following :

/

I A. B. do folemnly and fincerely in the prefence of God profefs, te- T*16 dcdarfc Jtify, ana declare, That I do believe, that in the facrament tf the U0IU Lord7 s fupper there is not any tranfubflantiation of the elements of bread and wine into the body and blood of Chrifl, at or after the confecration thereof by arty perfon wbatfoever: and that the invocation or adoration of the virgin Mary, or any other faint, and the facrifice of the mafs3 as they are now ufed in the church ^Rome, are Juperjlitious and idolatrous. And I do folemnly in the prefence of God profefs, teflify, and declare, That I do make this declaration, and every part thereof in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words read unto me, as they are commonly underjlood by protejlants, without any evafton, equivocation, or mental refervation whatfotver, and without any difpenfation already granted me for this purpose by the pope, or any other authority or person whatfotver, or without any hope of any such difpenfation from any perfon or authority whatfotver, or without believing that I am or can be acquitted before God or man, or abfohed of this declaration, or any part thereof, although the pope, or any other perfon or perfons, or power wbatfoever, should difpenft with or annul tie fame, or declare that it was null and void from the beginning.

VI.  Which faid oaths and declaration (hall be in the next and How the oaths every fucceeding parliament to be held in Ireland, folemnly and are to be taken publickly made and fubferibed, betwixt the hours of nine in the thc mcm* morning and four in the afternoon, by every such peer and bcrs* member of the houfe of peers there, at the table in the middle of the faid houfe, before he take his place in the laid houfe of peers, and whilft a full houfe of peers is there prefent, and their fpeaker in his place 3 and by every such member of the houfe of commons, at the table in the middle of the faid houfe, and whilft a full houle of commons is there duly fitting with their fpeaker in his chair; and that the fame be done in either houfe in such like order or method as whereby each houfe is called over refpeftively; and during the making and fubferibing thereof, and taking the faid oaths, allbufinefs and debates in either houfe re-fpetfively (hall ceafe; and the clerk of such houfe refpeflively i$ clerk of each hereby required to record the fame in rolls prepared for that pur- lu>ui« mull re-

K 2  pofe,  coidthe oaths#

132  Anno  tertio  Guuelmi  &  Marine.  ca. [1691.

pofe, and every member of either houfe (hall pay to (uch re* fpedive clerk, for recording thereof, one (hilling, and no more. Pniuihment VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiaid, upon members That if any perfon that now is, or hereafter (hall be, a peer of otwhament,  or member of the houfe of peers, or member of the

b°ufc of commons there, or that (hall become a barrifter at law, ^  **  attorney,  clerk, or officer in chancery, or any other court, and

all and every deputy and deputies in any office whatfoever, (hall prefume to offend, contrary to this ad; that then every such peer and member, and such other perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall be thenceforth difabled to hold or execute any office or place of profit, or truff, ecclefiaftical, civil, or military, in any of their Majefties realms of Ireland or England, or dominion of fValeSy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy or in any of their Majeffies ifiands or foreign plantations, to the faid realms belonging ; and (hall be dilabled from thenceforth to fit or vote in either houfe of parliament of the faid realm of Irelandy or make a proxy in the houfe of peers there, or to fue or ufe any adian, bill, plaint, or information in courfe of law, or to proiecurc a-ny fuit in any court of equity, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any perfon, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, and (hall forfeit, for every wilful offence againft this ad, the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and received by him, her, or them that will fue for the fame, by any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at Dubliny wherein no efioin, protedion, or wager of law (hall lie or be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

VIII.  And be it further enaded. That the oaths that are intended and required to be taken by this ad, are the oaths in theie exprefs Words hereafter following:

The new oaths.

I A. B. do fincerely premife and fweary That I will be faithful ani bear true allegiance to their Majejlies King William and <%tucn Mary:

So help me God, {tfr.

I A. B. do fweary That I dofrom my heart abhor, detejly and abjure, as impious and hcreticaly that damnable doffrine and pofitiotiy That princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Romey may be depoled or murdered by their fubjeds, or any other whatfoever. And I do declarey That no foreign princey perfony prelatey Jlatey or potentate hathy or ought to havey any jurifaiflion, power, fuperiorityy pre-eminence, or aiubc-rityy ecclejtajlical or fpiritualy within this realm :

So help me God,

Peribns exempted.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enaded,That this ad (hall nor extend to any perfon now chaplain, fecretary, or attendant to any of their Majefties ambaffadors, envoys, minifters, or residents in any foreign courts, or preacher to any Englijb fadory,

or

*33

i6gi.] Anno tertio GuliSlmi & Maria. c.2.;

jt to any chaplains in their Majefties iervice by fea or land,' out of the kingdom of Ireland, fo as they take the oaths, and make ind fubfcnbe the faid declaration hereby required, within three Tionths after their return ; nor to any other perfon of the pro-eftant religion, now in office or place of truft or profit out of he kingdoms of Ireland or England, who (hall return into the aid realm of Ireland, and take the fame at any time before the ive and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred linety two, in the court of King's Bench there, the next term ifter their refpedtive arrival in that kingdom. Provided always.

That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend to the taking a-vay the office or place of vice trealurer of Jutland from William Harbord efquire, who is now employed by their Majefties as heir ambaflador extraordinary to mediate a peace between the Ihriftians and the Turks, but that he the faid William Harbord hall have liberty to take the faid oaths, and fubfcnbe the faid leclaration, as are directed by this prefent adt, any time within wo months after his return into the faid kingdom of Ireland j tny thing in this adt to the contrary notwithftanding,

X.  And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and Irifh archbi. rvery archbifhop and biftiop in the faid realm of Ireland, and P10?* he-svery other perlon and perlons now having any ecclefiaftical of- j^dmHfiarv ice, dignity, at promotion, or being a ledlurer or curate in the Term, *691. aid kingdom, that (hall happen to be in this realm of England (hall take the he first day of Hilary Term, which (hall be in the year of our oajh1*Jierf? . L»ord one thousand fix hundred ninety and one, (hall take the  14

aid oaths, and make, fubfcribe, and audibly repeat the faid declaration, before the end of the faid term, in their Majefties :ourt of Chancery, or in the court of King's Bench, in this realm of England, and (hall again take the faid oaths, and make, fub-'cribe, and audibly repeat the faid declaration before the five and :wentieth day of July, which-(hall be in the year of our Lord me thousand fix hundred ninety and two, in the court of Chan*

:ery9 or court of King's Bench, in the faid kingdom of Ireland, in

lie morning, and between the hours of nine and twelve, where

:he fame (hall be put upon record in the faid refpedtive courts,

n manner as aforefaid. And if any such archbifhop, or bifhop,

or other perfon in any ecclefiaftical office, dignity, or promo*

don, or being a lecturer or curate in the faid kingdom of Ire- Penalty for

}and, happening to be within this realm at the time aforesaid, not taking the

lhall negledt or refufe to take the faid oaths, and to make, fub- oaths hcr*#

fcribe, and repeat the faid declaration, within either of the times

before mentioned ; then he or they fhall be ipfo fafio deprived,

and is and are hereby adjudged to be deprived, of his or their

archbifhopricks, bifhopricks, and ecclefiaftical offices, dignities,

and promotions, and incapable to be ledturer or curate m any

place or cure whatfoever. And all and every other perfon or per- All other offi-

fons having any office, or receiving any pay, falary, fee, or cers in Ireland

wages, by reafon of any patent or grant from their Majefties, or being here,

any of their predeceflors, or being mafter, governor, head of here

any college in the unjvcrfity of Dublin» or mafter of any hofpital

K 3  nr

Penalty.

Perfons who were in Irifh garrifons, and have (ubmit-ted to the King, faved-

Tliey muft make their claim, &c. in Michaelmas term.

or fchool, or barrifter at law, clerk in chancery, attorney, or pro* feffor of law or phyfick, or other fcience*that mall refide or inhabit in this realm on the first day of the faid Hilary Term, (hall before the end of the faid term take the (aid oaths, and make, fubfcribe, and audibly repeat the faid declaration, in their Ma-jefties court of Chancery, or court of King's Bench, in this realm of England. And in cafe such other perfon or perfons, fo refidem and inhabiting in this realm of England, (hall negledt or refufc to take the (aid oaths, and make, fubfcribe, and repeat the (aid declaration, before the end of the laid Hilary Term, he or they (hal} be ipfo fatlo thenceforth adjudged incapable, and difabled in law, to af] intents and purposes whatfoever, to have, occupy and enjoy such office, pay, /alary, fee, wages, mafterfhip, gol vemorVplace, head (hip, fellowmip, and employment or employments, or any part of them; and every fiich office or place Ihall be void, and is hereby adjudged to be void; and if such other perfon or perforis fo reliding or inhabiting in the realm of England, on the faid first day of Hilary Term, (nail take the fail oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration as aforelaid, it (hall be as effe&ual to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had been then refident in Ireland, and had in manner, and in the time before mentioned, taken the faid oaths, and made, fubferibed, and repeated the faid declaration, in any of the (aid courts of the faid realm of Ireland.

XL Provided always. That this aSt, dr any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to hinder or dibble any perfon or perfons, who on the third of Oflober, one thouiand fix hundred ninety one, were inhabiting or redding in Lymerid, or any other garrifon then in the pofielhon of the Irijb, or any officers or fol-diers then in arms, by virtue of any commilfion of the late King James, or those authorized by him to grant the fame, in the leveral counties of Lymerick, Clare, Kerry, Cork, and Msyr^ or any of them, or any commiffioned officers then in their Maje-fties quarters, that did belong to the Irijh regiments then in being, or were then treated with, or who were not prifooers d war, and who had not then taken protection, and have fince returned and fubmitted to their Majeffies obedience, from ufing, exercifing, and pra&ifing his or their profeffion or calling of barrifter at law, clerk in chancery, or attorney or pra&icer of law or phyfick; but they may freely ufe, exercife, and prsc-tife the fame, as they did in the reign or the late King Charles the Second ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-(tending.

XII- Provided neverthelefs. That every such barrifter at lav, clerk in chancery, or attorney or pradticer of law or phyfick who (hall claim any benefit hereby, to be exempted from taking the oaths, and making, fubferibing, and repeating the declaration in this a& mentioned, in the court, and in the manner hereby appointed, (hall make out his claim thereunto, according to the refpedtive qualifications herein before exprefied, before the court of King's Bench in Ireland, in open court then

m

in term time, between the hours of nine and twelve in the morning, on or before the laft day of Michaelmas term next, to be there allowed and recorded * for the entry whereof upon re* cord there lhall be qnc (hilling paid, and no more; and in default of such claim made, to be excluded from the fame.

XIII.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadted, That if any 1-penalty

fuch perfon, before he hath taken the faid oath to be faithfuJ, *ndn^^^ and bear true allegiance to their Majefties, in the court of  fbrprac-#

Bench in Intend* or at the general quarter feffions of the peace tifing before in the county city or place, where such perfon (hall inhabit, and he has (worm procured the fame to be recorded, and obtained the certificate

thereof, (hall ufe, exercife, or pradtife such his calling or pro* feffion, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to (uch per-bn as will fue for the fame in any of their Majefties courts of ecord in Inland', by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, therein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed ;

Lnd further, such perfon fo ufing or exercifing his profeftion or railing, (hall be adjudged uncapable ever to me or exercife the aid profeftion or calling.

XIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Juftices of That it (hall and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the muft >eace, whereof one (hall be of the quorum, within any county,

rity, or town corporate in the faid kingdom of Ireland, and they to *11 perfon* tre hereby required, to diredt their warrant or warrants to any above eigh* ronftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, to fum* non any perfon of the age of eighteen years or upwards, to ap*

Jear before such juftices, at such time and place as (hall be men* ioned in (bch warrant, to take the oath before mentioned, to 3e faithful and bear true allegiance to their Majefties : and if uch perfon, being to fummoned, (hall not appear at the time pendty upon md place, having no lawful let or impediment, or appearing (hall first refufal. refufe to take the (aid oath, being tendred to him or her by the aid juftices; the (aid juftices (hall commit (uch perfon making default, or refuting to take the (aid oath, to the common ga<3

houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or main* prize for the fpace of three months, unlefs such offender (hall pay down to me juftices, or any of them, such fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings, as the faid juftices (hall require such offender to pay 5 which money (hall be paid to the churchwardens Ot overfeers of the poor c« such pan(h or place where such offender did laft inhabitj and at fomc time after the end of three months after such default or refufol, two or more of such juftices, .as aforesaid, (had have power, and art hereby required, to diredt their warrant in manner as aforesaid, to fum-mon such offender to appear before them to take the faid oath; Penalty upon and if such offender (hall be futomoned, and make default at the ftcondrefufah time and place appointed, not having any lawful let or impediment, or appearing, (hall refufe to take the faid oath, being tendred to him or her; the faid juftices (hall commit such often*, der to the conimbn gaol or hbuie of correction, there to remain for the (pace of fix months without bail or mainprize, unlefs

K4  such

Penalty upon third refulal.

16 'Ri s. c.

Declarations appointed for Quakers in place of the oaths, which exempt them from the penalties.

Taking declaration does not make them capable of office.

This aft not to be diipenf-ed with.

Anno tertio Golielmi & Mari/b. c.zl

fach offender (hall pay down to the faid juftices, or any of them, such fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor under five pounds, as the faid juftices (hall require, which faid money (hall be difpofed of to the relief of the poor of such pari(h or place, in manner as aforefaid; and unlels such offender (hall become bound with two fufficient foreties* with condition to appear at the next aflizes or general gaol delivery, to be hokkn for such county where such offender (hall inhabit or rcfide, and in the mean time to be of the good behaviour; at which affizes or gad delivery the faid oath (hall be tendred to such offender by the juftices of aflize or general gaol delivery. In their open aflizes or feflions 5 and if upon such tender foeh offender (hall refufe to take the faid oath, he (hall incur the danger and penalty of pr*~ tnunire, mentioned in the ftatute of prarmmire in the (Ixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, except women covert, who upon refofal of the faid oath (hall be by the faid juftices of aflize, in their open aflize or general gaol delivery, committed only to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till they will take the faid oath.

XV'. Provided neverthelefs, That whereas there are certain diflenters in Ireland commonly called Quakers* who fcruple the taking any oath, it ihall be fufficient for every such diflenter, he or fhe producing a certificate under the hands and feals of fix or more fufficient men of the congregration, to which he or (he belongs, owning him or her for one of them, to make and fob-feribe the following declaration:

I A. B. do fincerely promife and folemnty declare before God and tie world, That I will be true and faithful to King William and JQueen Mary; and I do folemnly pro/efs and declare, that I do from my heart abhor, deteft^ and renounce, as impious and heretical* that damnable doftrine and pofition, That princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome* may be depofed or murdered by their fubjefts, or any other whatfo-cver. And I do declare, That no foreign prince, per/bto* prelate^ Jiate, or potentate hath or ought to have any powers jurijdiflion* periorityy pre-eminence* or authority* ecclejiaftical or fpiritml* with-in this realm:

And every such diflenter fo fubfcribing (hall be and is hereby exempted from the penalties mentioned in this aft.

XVI. Provided neverthelefs, That no such perfon called Quaker, (hall by such declaration and fubfeription be capable to take, have, or hold, any office, employment, (dace, pay, (alary, fee, grant, wages, or any other place of profit or truft, where-unto any perfon taking the faid oaths, and making and fub-feribing the declaration in the courts aforesaid, (hall or may be in titled; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That this aft (hall not be difpenfed witn by any warrant or letters patents under

i<9i.] Anno tcrdo Gulielmi & Mari/b. C.3— ft*  137

der the great Teal of England or Ireland; but that all such warrants, and daufes of difpenfation thereof in any such warrants or letters patents, are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no effect; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary not* withstanding.

CAP. III.

A a aft for the better ascertaining the tythes of hemp and flax. Four Shfl- EXP* lings per acre to be paid for tvthe of flax or hemp, to be recovered as other tythes. Land difchargea by Modus Saved. To continue for Seven years. — no duty tn this aft is enlarged to 5 r. tyu&u W.}. c. x6.

CAP. IV.  ^

An aft for preferving two (hips lading of bay Salt, taken as prize, for the EXP. benefit of their Majefties navy.

CAP. V.

An aft for granting an aid to their Majefties of the fum of Sixteen hundred EXP. fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds, eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous war againft France. (3 & 4 W. Sc M.)

C A P. VI.

An aft for railing money by a poll, payable quarterly for one year, for EXP. the carrying on a vigorous war againft France.

CAP. VII.  _

An aft for railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thou&nd EXP. fix hundred ninety and two, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. VIII.

An aft far the encouragement of the breeding and feeding of

cattle.

FO R the encouragement of breeding and fatting of cattle Eeef, pork, for the common good and welfare of this kingdom, be it Gutter, chf^cs enabled by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent majefties, by e^rted and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern- cuftom-free. poral, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety one, and from thence forward, it (hall be lawful for all and every perfon or perfons, native or foreign, at any time or times, to ftup, lade, carry, and tranfport, or exjport, from and out of any port, harbour, or place within the kingdom of Eng-bandy dominion of Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy into any part of the world in amity with their Majefties, all forts of beef, pork, or hog’s-fleSh, butter, cheefe, or candles, free from any cuftozn or impofition whatfoever; the aft made in the fecond year of their prefent Majefties, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majefties a fubftdy of tonnage and poundage, and J & M. ether fums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported,  *• c*  4-

or any other law, ftatute, ufage, or other prohibition to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP.

Anno tertio& quarto Guliblmi 6c Maria, c.9. [1691;

C A P. IX-

i£»  /* & dtatay clergy from fame offendersy and to bring

others to punjjbnmt.

Any perfon T70RASMUCH as divers wicked and ill~difpofed perfons art en~ convict of rob- J} couraged to commit robberies upon merts perfeui, and in tbeir Kn/.houfe* " houfeSy and other offenderSy by the privilegiy as toe law now is9 of wherein there demanding the benefit of tbeir clergy; be it therefore enaAed by the is any or no King's and Queen’s moft excellent majefties, and by and with oerfon, See. or the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and mateiftall commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the an* loie his clergy, thority of the lame. That all and every perfon or perfons that (hall at any time from and after the first day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety one, rob any other perfon, or (hall feloniouily take away any goods or chattels, being in any dwelling-houfe, the owner or any other per* fon being therein, and put in fear, or (hall rob any dwelling-houfe in the day-time, any perfon being therein, or (hall comfort, aid, abet, afllft, counfel, hire, or command any perfon or perfons to commit any of the faid offences, or to break, anj dwelling-houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, thereunto belonging, or therewith ufed, in the day-time, and felonioufly take away any money, goods, or chattel, of the value of five (hillings or upwards, therein being, although no perfon (hall be within such dwelling-houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, or (ball counfel, hire, or command any perfon to commit any burglary, being thereof convicted or attainted,or being indiAea thereof (hall ftand mute, or will not direAly anfwer to the indiAment, or (hall peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty perfons returned to be of the jury, (hall not have the benefit ot his or their clergy. Perfons indiA- II. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefiud. That ed for a crime if any perfon or perfons whatsoever be indiAed of any offence, convlahthelng ^°r w^»ch, by virtue of any former ftatute, he or they are exdud-would noty cd from having the benefit of his or their clergy, it he or they have their had been thereof conviAed by vcrdiA or confeflion ; if he or dergy, ifthey they (land mute, or will not anfwer direAly to the felony, or fhTunot c^a^enSc peremptorily above the number of twenty per-have it! "  &>n* returned to be of the jury, or (hall be outlawed thereupon,

(hall not be admitted to the benefit of his or their clergy.

PerfonsindiA- III. And be it further enaAed by the authority atore&d, •d of a crime That if any perfon or perfons hereafter be indiAed of felony for as above, in a dealing 0f any goods or chattel in any county within this reaim uThey^an/* °f England^ dominion of WaleSy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, mute;&c.fhall and thereof be conviAed or attainted, or upon his or their ar-jiot have it. raignment (hall ftand mute, or will not direAly anfwer to the indiAment, or ftiall challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty perfons returned to be of the jury, he or they {hail be totally excluded from having the benefit of his or tbeir clergy, if it appear upon evidence or examination before the juftioes, that the (aid goods or chattel were taken by robbery or burglary,

or

rtyrj Anno teitk>& quarto Gulieimi & Mauls, c.9.  i39

or in any other manner, in any other county, whereof if such perfon or perfons had been conviAed by a jury of the faid other county, be or they are excluded, by virtue of this or any other a A, from having tne benefit of his or their clergy.

IV.  And forajmuch as thieves and robbers are mush encouraged to ®uycr*^-commit such offences, becaufe a great number of perfons make it their rC°^tel^cefr trade and bujmefs to deal in the buying of ftolen goods \ be it there- farieS t0 fo~ fore enaAed by the authority atorefaid, That if any perfon or looy. perfons (hall buy or receive any goods or chattel that (hall be fe-fonioufly taken or ftolen from any other perfon, knowing the

fame to be ftolen, he or they (hall betaken and deemed an ac-ceflary or acceflaries to such felony after the faA, and (hall incur the fame punifhment, as an acceffary or acceflaries to the felon^ after the felony committed.

V.  And whereas it is a frequent practice for idle and diforderfy perfons to hire lodgings with on intent to have an opportunity to take away, imbezil, or purloin the goods and furniture being in fetch lodgings ; be it therefore enaAed and declared by the authority afore- Stedinggoods faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall take away, with an in- Jr?™

tent to fteal, imbezil, or purloin any chattel, bedding, or fur- fdony* fliture, which by contraA or agreement he or they are to ufe, of fhall be let to him or them to ufe, in or with such lodging, such taking, imbezilling, or purloining, (hall be to all intents and purposes taken, reputed, and adjudged to be larceny and felony, and the offender (nail fuffer as in cafe of felony.

VI.  And whereas by the laws of this realm, women convified of Women con- r felony forJleaVmg ofgoods and chattel of the value of ten Jhillings and ^crimes upwards, and for other felonies, where a man is to have the benefit of

his clergy, are to fuffer death; be it therefore enaAed and declar- clergy, upon ed by the authority aforefaij}, That where a man being conviAed prayer punifli-of any felony for which he may demand the benefit of his cler- as men. gy, if a woman be conviAed for the fame or like offence, upon & m c her prayer to have the benefit of this ftatute, judgment of death ^' *4’ (hall not be given againft her upon such conviAion, or execu- ivomm to bento tion awarded upon any outlawry for such offence, but (hall fuffer cUrgy but once. the fame punifhment as a man (hould fuffer, that has the benefit of his clergy allowed him in the like cafe; that is to fay,

(hall be burnt m the hand by the gaoler in open court, and further be kept in prifon for such time as the juftices in their difere-tion (hall think fit, fo as the fame do not exceed one year’s imprisonment*

VII.  And forafmuch as such men who have once had their clergy, where a per-

and such women who Jball have once the benefit of this Jlatute, may fon has had happen to be indifled for an offence committed afterwards in fome other  clergy in,

county, be it therefore enaAed, That the clerk of the crown,

clerk of the peace, clerk of the aflizes, where such man or wo-

man (hall be ConviAed, fhall at the requefl of the profecutor, (hall certify it.

or any other in their Majefties behalf, certify a tranfeript, briefly

and in few words containing the effcA and tenor of every in-

diriment and conviAion of such man or woman, of his having

the benefit of the clergy, or her having the benefit of this ftatute,

and

14a  Aano tertio & quartoGulielmi & Mari*. c.io. [1691;

'  and addition of every such perfon or perfons, and the certainty

of the felony and conviction, to the judges and juftices in such other county where such man or woman malt be indiAed, which certificate being produced in court, (hall be a fuffident proof that such man hath before had the benefit of his clergy, and that such woman hath had the benefit of this ftatute. Mod* perpetual by6 & 7 JPL 3. cap. 14./ 1.

CAP. X.

An att for the more effectual difeovery and pumjhment of deer fteaUrs.

13 R. s. ft. 1. \KT HERE AS notwithstanding tie many good laws before thif c. 13.  W  time madty and f ill in forcey which do prohibit unlawful

* e? 7'C’ If‘ twrfingy huntingy or tilling of deer ; yet in as much as the penalties 3  thereby providely are found by daily experience not to he fujjtcient t§

7jac.fi civ deter divers lewd9 Jlurdyy and dijorderly perfonSy who confederate 13 Car. a. flat, together in great numberSy mating amongfl themfelves at it were a *•c' ,0*  brotherhood and fraternityy whereby if any of them JhaU be defcoverti

*.*3. & if**'1*an^ oorruidedy which feldom happens becaufi of their great force and 5* clandejline manner of combination they by a common contribution (far the moji part) advance and payy for such perfons fo apprehendedy tie pecuniary penalties Iwhicb are out JmaU) infilled on such offenders^ by reafon whereof the other confederates efcape difeovery and condign pumjhment: therefore for the snort effedual difeovery and pu* nifhment of such perfons, perfon convift II. Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent before a ju^icc majelties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-of peace of ritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflemhled, an^ aut^ority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons wards bunt  lhall from and after the twenty fifth day of March, in the year

deer forfeits of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety two, unlawfully 40  courfe, hunt, take in toy Is, kill, wound, or take away any

red or fallow deer in any foreft, chafe, purlieu, paddock, wood, park, or other ground indofed, where deer are, have, or ihall be ufually kept, within the realm of Englaniy or dominion of Walesy without the confent of the owner or perfon chiefly in* trufted with the cuftody thereof, or Ihall be aiding or aflifting therein, and (hall be convided thereof by the coniefiion of the party, or by the oath of ope or mpre credible witnefs or wit* nefies, before one or more juftices of the peace of the fame county wherein the offence fl>all be committed, or the party offenaing apprehended (which oath the faid juftice or juftices hereby are impowered to adnpnifter) and such perfons being profecuted for inch offence within twelve months after such oN By 9 6eo. 1.  fence done j that then every such perfon fo offending by un-

c.f. 13.  lawful courfing or hunting only, when no deer is taken,

irssror killed, (hall forfeit for every such offence the fum wart.  m itwenty pounds ; and in cafe any deer (hall by such perfon or

"for each deer perfons be wounded, taken in toy Is, or killed, that for each wounded 30I. 4cer fo iwpunded, killed, or taken, such perfon 0r perfons (hall

rc(pe£livcly

i6qi.]Anno terdo & quarnGtruiM-Mi & Marine, c.io. 141'

irfpedtively forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds, to be levied Penalty levied by way of diftrefs upon the goods and chattels of every futh offender, by warrant under the juftice or justices hand before whom such conviction or. convictions (hall be made, the one third part of such forfeitures to be given to the informer or informers, the other part to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the offence (hall be committed, and the other third part to the owner of such deer; and for want of fufiicient diftrefs, that Perfon to he then such perfons (hall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one imorifoned whole year, without bail or mainprize, and fhall be fet in the f pillory by the fpace of one. hour, on fome market day in the Carers! ° next adjoining town to the place where such offence was committed, by the chief officer or officers of such market town, or by his or their under officer or officers.

III.  And be it further enaCted, That every conftable, head- Conftables borough, or tythingman (being thereunto authorized by the may fcarch warrant of one or more juftices of peace, under his or their fofPjcious # hands and feals) fhall and may have full power and authority

(and hereby is required) to enter into and iearch (in such man- his warrant, ner and with such power as in cafe where goods are ftolen or If venifon, &c. fufpedfced to be ftolen) the houfe or houfes, out-houfes or other he found, and places belonging to such houfes of fufpedted perfons; and in  can-

cafe any venifon or fkin of any deer, or toyis, fhall there be not give a good found, such officer fhall apprehend such offender, and carry account, it is a him before fome juftice of the peace of the fame county; convifidon of and if such perfon do not give a good account how he came dccr lteahn£« by such venifon, fkins, or toyis, such as fhall fatisfy the faid juftice, or elfe fhall not in fome convenient time, to be fet him by the faid juftice, produce the party of whom he bought such venifon, (kins, or toyis, or fome other credible witnefs to depofe upon oath such falc of the faid venifon or (kins; that i Salk. 383. then such perfon not giving such good account, nor producing any such witnefs as aforesaid, (hall be convidted by the faid juftice of such offence, who, on such convidtion, fhall be fubjedt unto the forfeitures and penalties hereby infiidted for the killing of any one deer, in the lame manner as if thereof convidted as aforefaid.

IV.  And tp the end that no perfons convidted of any of the Conftable may offences as aforesaid, may efcape punifhment by their flight

or other removal after such convidtion, be it further enaded returned! ** * by and with the authority aforefaid* That it fhall and may be lawful for, and hereby power and authority is given (after convidtion as aforefaid) to the conftable or other officer, or perfon or perfons profecuting, to detain in cuftody such offender or offenders (in cafe he or they fhall not prefently pay the monies due by the faid convidtion) during such realonable time as a return may be conveniently had and made to the warrant for the diftrefs upon such convidtion, fo as such detainer do not exceed two days.

V.  And to the end all owners of deer in any inclo&d ground Perfops having may be indemnified in the juft defence of such their right, be g^roujod^ it enadted, That any owner of such deer* or any perfon or per- 8

T  ions

142 Anno tertio & quarto Ghlielmi & Marine. C.i u [1691.

may oppofc fons acting by, from, and under him, Audi and may oppofe and °®cn^cr*‘# refift such offenders in the fame manner, and be equally indemnified for ib doing, as if such faCt had been committed within any ancient chafcor park whatfoever.

No certiorari VI. And whereas divers offenders duty conviffed, do comment} fendcp1 >  procure writs of certiorari to remove such convUtion into fuperior

curity^pay" cmrt% at Wefttninfter, in hopes thereby to dsfiourage and weary eta the profecutor fitch perfons injured by great delays, expences, and incertainties; be full cofts, See. it therefore enaCted, That no certiorari (hall be allowed to remove any conviction made, or other proceeding of, for, or concerning any matter or thing in this aft, unlefs the party or parties againft whom such conviction (hall be made, (hall before the allowance of such certiorari, become bounden to the per-

x Salk, 378.

tS°i

Enforced and enlarged by |[Geo«i.c.z5.

Perfons pu-

fon or perfons profecuting, in the fum of fifty pounds, with such fufficient furenes as the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom such offender was convicted, (hall think fit, with condition to pay unto the (aid profecutors, within one month after such convfction confirmed, or a procedendo granted, their foil colb and damages, to be afcertained upon tneir oaths; and that in default thereof it (hall be lawful for the faid juftice and juftices, and others, to proceed to the due execution of such conviction, in such manner as if no certiorari had been awarded, nifhed b* this ^11. Provided ***** whcre any offender (hall be punifhed by aft,pumfhable force of this aCt, that he (hall not be profecuted, nor inearths no other way. penalty of any other law or ftatute for the fame offence.

Perfons fued VIII. Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons what-for any thing foever (hall be filed or profecuted for or by reafon of any matter ofthis aft^ or thinS wh*ch he or they (hall do in purfuance of this ad, it plead* general ®*aU and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo fued lfliie. 5 or profecuted to plead the general iflue, and give the fpeebi matter in evidence.

Peribns con- IX. Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore-^uSc^for6 *  That if any perfon or perfons (hall in the night-time pull

pulling down down and deftroy, or caufe to be pulled down and deftroyed, the pales of the pales or walls of any park, foreft, chafe, purlieu, paddock, any park im- wood, or other ground inclofed, where any red or fallow Aoa pnfoned for (hall be then kept, that such perfon or perfons fo offending, By^Geo?!*' being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible wit-~ : * nefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county wherein the offence (hall be committed, (hall, by warrant from such juftice or juftices as aforefak!, differ imprifonment for three months, without bail or mainprize

C. 15. f. 6 fucb offenders art fubjeS to the penally in-fitted by this

aQ for killing one deer. By 5 Geo. z. c. »8. Deer fiealers are to be tranjported*

CAP. XI.

An aft for the better explanation and [applying the  c!

■theformer laws, for the fett lenient of the poor. ij&ifCsur.i. TXTHEREAS one aft of parliament made in the ■ «.is.  V  fourteenth  yean  of  hie  late  maje/ly  King  Charles the

intituled,An aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom (except what relates to the corporation therein

tonflitn'A

rfpi.]Anno tertio & quano Guuelmi & Maria, c.i i. 143

tmfituudthereby) was  revived and continued alterations,

by  mother alt made in thefirjl year of the  King fanes Second,

end have been found by experience to be good and v&okjme , may Jbortfy expire:

II.  Be k therefore enacted by the King’s and Queen’s ntoft ijfci+Car.*. excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confeat of the

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefentc'17'reviv * parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That the faid adts, as to what relates to the fettlements of the poor, fhall be in force from the first day of March, one thou (and fix hundred ninety one.

III.  But forafmuth as the faid alts art fomewhat dcftB 'ne and The note of dosibtfvl} for (implying and explaining the fame, be it further ‘et,Le™ent .

provided and enaaed by the authority aforefaid. That the -JJ“he ^"urch, forty days continuance of such perfon in a parifh or town, in- and regiftred ’ tended by the faid adts to make a fettlement, (hall be accounted in the poor's from the publication of a notice in writing, which he or (he book' ihall deliver, of die houfe of his or her abode, and the number of his or her family, if he or Ihe have any, to the churchwarden or overleer of the poor, which faid notice in writing the (aid churchwarden or overfeer of the poor is or am hereby required to read, or caufe to be read publickly, immediately after divine fervice, in the church or chapel of the faid parifh or town, on the next Lord’s day when there (hall be divine fervice in the fame; and the faid churchwarden or overfeer of the poor is or are hereby required to regifter, or caufe to be regiftred the faid notice in writing in the book kept for the poor’s accounts.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That no fbldier. No foldiers. Teaman, (hipwright, or other artificer or workman employed

in their Majefties fervice, (hall have any fettlement in any fore parifh, port town, or other town, by delivery and publication Con. of a notice in writing as aforesaid, unlefs the fame be after the difmiflion of such perfon out of their Majefties fervice.

V.  And be it further enadted, That if any churchwarden or Penalty upon overfeer of the poor fhall refofe or negledt to read or caufe to ®hurc^F' be tead, such notice in writing as aforesaid, in such manner, rt"g place, and time as aforesaid, he or they for every such offence gjfter, (upon proof thereof by two credible witneiles upon oath, before any juftice of the peace of the fame county, riding, or di-

vifion, city, or town corporate, where complaint thereof fhall be made) (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the ufe of the party grieved, to be levied by diftrefs and fiue of the offender or offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace within the (aid jurifdidtions refpedtively, to the conftable of the parifh or town where such offender or offenders dwell, the overplus, if any be, to be' returned to the owner or owners, and for want of such fufficient diftrefs, the faid juftice (hall commit him or them to the common gaol of the faid county, city, or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fp«ce of on* month 5 and if any churchwarden or overfetr of the poor (hall refufe or neglect to

i4<> Anno tertio & quarto Gulielmi & Maria. c.ia. [1691'.

publish monies relating to the churches and parijbes whereunto they do belong^ do often mifpend the faid monies, and take the fame to their own ufe> to the great prejudice of such parijheSy and the poor, and other inhabitants thereof; and becaufe that many times the judges when aHions are brought againfl such churchwardens and overfcerj, to recover the monies Jo mifpent, takeny or mifapplied by the perfm aforesaid, refufe to admit the parijbioners to be witneffes in such cafei. Parishioners, who are the only perfons that can make proof thereof: wherefore to except alms- prevent all such evil and deceitful practices of churchwardens, ev\dcncc+? ^ over^eers> other perfons, be it enadted and declared, gainft church- That in all adtions to be brought m their Majefties courts or wardens, &c. record at IPeJlmtnJier, or at the aflizes, for the recovery of any of their mif- fum ot fums of money fo mifpent or taken by churchwjr-pendrng the jen$ or overfeers 0f the poor, the evidence of the parilhioners, poors money. or a them, other than of such as receive alms or any penfioo or gift out of such collections or publick monies of such parish or parifhes refpedVively, whereof the defendant or defendants is or are inhabitant or inhabitants, (hall be taken and admitted in all such cafes in the courts aforefaid; any cuftom, rule, order, or uiage to the contrary notwithstanding.

All laws about highways to be put m execution.

Parilhioners • annually to make a lilt of fufEcient perfons upon 26

6f December.

CAR XII.

At ail for the repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling the rates of carriage of goods.

X7ITHERE AS the free and easy intercourfe and means of cencry- \ " * ing and carrying goods and merchandizes from one market-teaz to another, contributes very much to the advancement of trade,  .

creafe of wealth, and raftng the value of lands, as well as to thnefi and convenience of the Jubjeft in general j for which ends there]w divers good and necejfarv laws have been heretofore made for the «s-largingy repairings ana amending the highways and common reads *; this kingdom : notwithjlanding which lawsy the fame are not in mezy parts fufficiently amended and repaired, but remain almoft impajfabl-; all which is auafioned, not only by reafon of fome ambiguities in the j&i laws, but by want of a fuffident provijion to compel the execution j the fame; for remedy whereof:

II.  Be it enadted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excelled majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ip> ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every law and ftatute now in force,, for or touching the enlarging repairing, or amending highways and common roads, and even* article#and thing in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or repealed, (hall be duly put in execution, according ta the tenor of the faid laws, and under the penalties therein contained, to be railed, levied, and difpofed of, asia and by the (aid laws is directed.

III.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That from henceforth, upon the fix and twentieth day .1 December in every year, unlefs that day (hall be Sunday, ar.J then on tire seven and twentieth, the conftables, headborougi

tythingme.

tCgi-] Anno teitio & quarto Gulielmi & Marije. c.12.  147

ythingmen, churchwardens, furveyor or furveyors.of the high-vavs, and inhabitants in every parifh, fhall. aflemble together, ind the major part of them as .are fo aflembled (hall make a ift of the'names of a competent number of the inhabitants in heir parifh, who have an eftate in lpds, tenements, or here-itaments, in their own right or t^eir wives, of the value of in pounds by the year, or a perlonal eftate of the value of one undred pounds, or ?re occupiers or tenants of houfes, lands, snements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty ounds, if any such there be, or if there be no fucluperibns 1 the parifh, then the faid lift to be of the moil fufficicnt in-abitants of such parifh; and fhall return such lift unto two or Lift to be re* lore of the juftices of the peace in or near the divifion of the turned to two junty in which their parifh lies, at a fpecial feflions to be held °?thc »r that purpose within the faid divifion, on the third day of ° ***** anuary next following, unlefs it fhall happen on a Sunday, and len to be the fourth of the fame month, or within fifteen days ler: for which purpose the faid juftices are hereby authorized juftices (hall id required to hold a fpecial feftions at fome place within that hold a feflionj, vilion where the pari(h lies, and to give notice of. the time ^*7 td place where they intend to hold the fame, to the can- on* tbles, headboroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, and fur- to be fijrvey-yors of the highways of every parifh within the faid divifion, ors of the lead ten days before the holding of the faid feflions; and the highways, id juftices (hall then and there, out of the faid lifts, accord-g to their diferetion, and the largenefs of the parifh, by war-nt under their hands and feals, nominate and appoint one, ro9 or more, as they (hall think fit and approve of, being of :e fufficiency as aforesaid, to be furveyor or furveyGrs of the ghways of every parifh within the divifion, or for any hamlet, ecindt, liberty, tything, or town, of and in the fame divifion r the year enfuing; which nomination and appointment (ball, ConfUbie to : the conftables, neadboroughs, tythingmen, or furveyors of e highways for the time being, or fome of them, be notified mmatM>c-the perfon or perfons fo nominated* chofen, and appointed the faid juftices, within fix days after such nomination, by ving him or them with the faia warrant or warrants, or by iving the fame, or a true copy thereof, at his or their houfes ufual places of abode;, and from thenceforth the perfon or rfons, fo nominated and appointed, (hall be furveyor or fur-yors of the highways for the parifh, town, village, hamlet, ecindt, or tything, for which he (hall have been fo nomi-ted, chofen, and appointed, for the year enfuing, and fhall ce upon him and. them respectively, and duly execute, the d office, according to the laws ana ftatutes heretofore made r the enlarging, amending, or repairing of highways, and b this prefent alt; and if the faid perfons fo nominated, and ved with the faid warrant, (hall refufe pr negiedt fb to do, he si- Penalty they fo refufing and negledting (hall forfeit the fum of five >unds, to be levied on his or their goods and chattels, by &c. after feS? Clrefs and fale of the fame, by warrant under the hand and vice*

La  >  feal

148 Anno tertio & quarto UUlielmi ac MARL®, c.n. [1691.

feal of two or more juftices of the peace of the fame divifion, or in default thereof any neighbouring juftices of the peace for the faid county, which warrant the faid juftices are hereby impowered and required to make upon information of any one credible witnefs upon oath ; the one moiety of which faid forfeiture (hall go to him that (hall inform, and the other moiety for and towards the repair of the highways of the lame parifh, rendring the overplus, if any be, to the party or parties whole goods (hall be diftrained, the charges of the diftrefs and Juftices may (ale being first deduced ; and in cafe of such negled or refuhl appoint other as aforesaid, the faid juftices are hereby impowered to nominate a^tcr and appoint fome other fit perfon or perfons to perform the laid u  office, who, upon like notice of such nomination and appoint-

ment, (hall take upon him or them and duly execute the (aid office, and if he or they negle<5t or refufe fo to do, (hall forfeit the like fum of five pounds, to be levied and difpofed of u aos. Penalty aforefaid; and if the conftables, headboroughs, tythingraci, churchwardens, and furveyor or furveyors of the highways of returning1^ any Pari(h, town, liberty, or precindfc, or fome of them, Ihail lift,  not return the faid lift or names, in such manner as in this act

is directed, every of them fo negledting (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied in the manner, and employed to the u(es aforefaid.

5$, Penalty IV. And be it further enafled by the authority aforeH, upon  That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall lay in any highway,

A^nthe ** not h^ng twenty foot broad, any (lone, timoer, ftraw, dung, highway. or other matter, whereby the fame (hall be any ways obftru&d or annoyed, on pain to forfeit for every such offence the fen of five millings, to be levied and difpofed of as is aforefaid. Owner of  V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,

i^d^i°tadce ^hat if any timber, (lone, hay, ftraw, ftubble, or other rmttz away timber, f°r t^ie ma^ng of dung, or on any other pretence whatfoever, Ac. lying in' (hall be laid in any such highway as aforesaid, whereby the the highway, fame (hall be anyways obftrudtea or annoyed; the owners er poffeffors of the lands next adjoining to the fame (hall clear the laid way by removing the faid timber, (lone, hay, ftraw, dung, or other matter, and have, take, and difpofe of the fame to hi and their own ufe $ and if any such owner or occupier of lands PcnaJ)ttfor  next adjoining to the faid highways, (hall negledl to  clear the

neglecting.  fa;j wayS Qf the faid nufances, or to cleanfe or fcower their

ditches, gutters, and drains, adjoining to the faid highway:, or caufe the earth taken out thereof to be carried away, and lay fufficient trunks, tunnels, or bridges, where any cartway* are, into the faid grounds, for the fpace of ten days after notice to him, her, or them given by the faid furveyors, or any ot them, he, Ihe, or they, fo negledling (hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of five (hillings, to be levied and difpofed of in manner aforefaid.

5s. Penalty VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, "P-owner  That no tree, bufh, or ihrub, (hall be permitted to  ftand or

uptfecs, Ac!  6row in ayiY highway not full twenty foot broad, but  the fan*

' y %  Ail

2

1691.] Anno tcrtio & quarto Gulielmi & Marl®. c.12, 149

/hall be cut down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the owner or owners of the land or foil where the fame doth or (hall (land or grow, within ten days after notice to him or them

iriven by the laid furveyors, or any of them, on pain to forfeit or eveiy negleft the fum of five (Killings, to be levied and dif-pofed of as is aforefaid.

VTL And be it further enadted by the authority , aforesaid, Pofleflors (hall That the pofleflbrs of the land next adjoining to such high- prune the ways, where they are not twenty foot broad, (hall from time to hedges, time, and at all times, keep their hedges plalht, cut, or pruned, fo as no tree, bu(h, or (hrub, (hall (land or grow in such highway, nor any bough or branch be fuffered to hang over the fame, or any part thereof j but the faid hedges (hall be kept cut and pared right up from the roots, and not permitted in any fort to fpreaa into or hang over the highway, or any part thereof, to the end that there may be a free and clear pafiage for travellers, and all forts of carriages loaden, without being any ways prejudiced or obftrudted by any hedges, trees, bpughs, or branches whatfoever, and that the fun may freely (Hine into the faid ways, to dry and amend the fame.

VIII.  And be it father ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Surveyor (hall That every furveyor of the highways, appointed as in and by prefent the this a& is direfted, (hall within fourteen days next after his fir ft acceptance of the faid office, and fo from time to time every four months, during his being furveyor, take a view of four months, all the roads, common highways, watercourfes, bridges, caufe-ways, and pavements within the parilh, town, village, hamlet, precindt, or tything, for which he is appointed furveyor, that are to be repaired by the faid parilh, town, village, hamlet, pre-cinft, or tything, and (hall make a prefentment upon oath, in what date and condition he finds the fame refpedttvely, to fome juftice of the peace of the fame divifion, if then refident there,

Dtherwife to fome neighbouring juftice of the peace for the faid county, and in default thereof (hall incur the penalty aforesaid, Negleft puts if he or they had refufed or negle&ed to accept and execute nifhed as re-the faid office, unlefs he (hall have fome reafonable excufe for emitting the fame, to be allowed of by two juftices of the peace ^ *■ of the fame divifion of the county, or in default thereof by the f. negUaitf two neighbouring juftices; and what defaults or annoyances labourers to be they (hall find in any of the faid highways, caufeways, bridges, dfo prefatted. Pitches, hedges, trees, watercourfes, drains, or gutters, next in the idjoining to the fame, they (hall from time to time, the next church, and if Sunday immediately after fermon ended, give publick notice of not amended rhe lame in the parilh church, and if the fame (hall not be re- within 30 moved, repaired, and amended, within thirty days after such o^all repafr notice given, that then the faid furveyor or furveyors of the faid them> and be lighways (hall within thirty days remove, repair, and amend repaid by the he fame, and difpofe of the fame annoyances to and for the Pc|,fon who epair of the faid highways; and the faid furveyor and furveyors ought torc* hall be reimburfed what charges and expences they (hall be n fo doing, by the parties who (hould have done the fame;

L 3  and

150 Anno tertio & quarto Gulielmi &  C.i?,  £1691.

and in cafe the faid parties (hall upon demand refufe or negled How the fur- to pay the faid furveyors their faid charges, then the laid fur-veyor (hall re- Veyors (hall apply him or themfelves to any juftice of the peace bwfements. within the divifion of the county whereiii such highway is, and in default thereof, to any neighbouring juftice for the faid county, and upon his or their making oath before such juftice of the notice to the defaulter in manner aforefaid (Which oath the faid juftice is impowered and required to adminifter) that then the faid furveyors fhall be repaid all such their charges as {hall be allowed to be reafonable by the faid juftice, to be levied in manner aforefaid.

Juftices of IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, peace once in That tHe juftices of the peace of every county (Hall in their ho?d ^pettv  divifions once in four months hold a fpecial feffiom,

feffionsfwSere and fhall thereunto fummon all the furveyors of highways they are to re- within that divifion t6 come before them, and (hall give them ceive prefent- a charge to «do their duty, and declare to them what they are uktthtzc Q^>6cd to do by virtue of this or any former aft; after which counts of the ^’faid furveyors of the highways mall make a prefentmem furveyors. to them upon oath (which oath the faid juftices are hereby im-powered to give) of* the ftate and condition of the hignways within their refpePtive parifhes, towns, Villages, hamlets, preempts, or tythings, for which they are appointed furveyors, and what offences and neglePb any are guilty of, contrary ta the meaning of this or any other ftatutc made concerning the highways, or any thing relating thereunto; and before any furveyor of the highways, (hall go out or be difeharged from his office, he (hall at (ome such lpecial feflions'of the faid juftices, to be held as aforesaid, give an account upon oath of 2! money that has come to his hands, which ought to be employed in amending of the highways, and how he hath dll-Penalty upon P0^ °f the fame 5 and in cafe any monies (hall remain in his furveyor, not hands, he (hall deliver the fame to the furveyors of the high-paying fur pi us ways that (hall ferve for the fame parifh, town, village, hamlet, money to his preempt, or tything, for the year enfume, and in cafe of failure, ucc ors. tQ forfejt t^e d0UbJe value of what (hall be adjudged to be c his hands by the faid jufhees, to be levied and difpofed of as is aforefaid.

408. Penalty X. And lt ^urther cnaPted by the authority aforesaid, upon furvey- That if any furveyor of the highways, after his acceptance d ors negleft. his faid office, (hail neglePt his duty in any thing required of . him by this aPt, Tie (hall forfeit for every such offence the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and difpofed of as is aforefaid.

1 Penalty  XI.  And be it further enaPted by the authority aforesaid,

upon the neg- That if any juftice of the peace (hall neglePt or refufe to do le& of juftice what is required of him by this apt, such juftice fo negleeTir; of peace. or refufing (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds j one moi<rr whereof (hall go to the perfon that (hall fue for the fame, the other moiety to be employed to and for the repair and amendment of the highways of the parifti where the perfon who (hail

fw

i6gi.] Anno tertio& quarto GulIElmi & Marine. c.12.  151

fue for the fame inhabits, to be recovered in any of their Ma-jefties courts of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law fliall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

XII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Surveyors may That it fliall and may be lawful to ana for the furveyors of the highways aforesaid, where the ditches and drains already made are not fufficient to carry off the water that lies upon the 5^ highways, to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands next adjoining to the faid highways, and keep them fcoured, cleanfed, and open, and come upon any of the faid lands with their workmen for fo doing.

Xm. And whereas divers parijhes and townjhips have not any Surveyor lay-gravely fonts, quarries, nor any other materials fitting or convenient  m£m

for the amending or repairing of the highways within the faid parijhes  flbnf

and townjhips, by reafon whereof the furveyors of the highways of &c! (hall lie such parijhes and townjhips are forced to lay out their own money for repaid by an the buying of such materials as are necejfary for that purpose ; and there being no provifion made in or by any law now in force, for the  ^

retmbwrfing the faid furveyors the monies they have fo laid out: For remedy whereof be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That upon notice given by the furveyor or furveyors of the highways to the jumces of the peace at their fpecial leffions, and oath made of what fum or Turns of money be or they have or hath fo laid out and expended upon amending and repairing of the laid highways, thejuftices of the peace, or any two of them, at their fpecial leffions, are hereby impowered, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe an equal rate to be made for the reimburfing the faid fiirveyor or furveyors the monies by him or them laid out as aforesaid, upon all the inhabitants of Inch parifh or townlhips, where such monies are fo expended, . according to the rules and methods prefcribed in an aft of parliament made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the 43 EH*, c. s» late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An dft for the better relief of the *)ocr of this kingdom, which rate being confirmed and allowed by :he faid iuftices in their fpecial feffions, fliall be collefted and gathered by the faid furveyor or furveyors of the highways; and f any perlbn or perfons refufe to pay the monies io aflefled on him or them, that then the fame fliall be levied by the faid fur-/eyors by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the per-"ons fb refilling, rend ring to the party the overplus, reafonable rharges for making the laid diftrefs first to be dedufted*

XIV.  And whereas in purfuance of theJiatute made in the fifth 5 eViz. c. 13.

1ear of the reign of the late §>ueen Elizabeth, many parijhes and Fines (hall be Places are oftentimes prefented upon the knowledge and view of a jujlice furvevor and f peace, or other wife, for not repairing and amending their high- nuQrt returned stays, and the fines impofed and fet on such prefentmevts, and other into the ex-ines and ijfues for not repairing and amending the highways, are re- chequer. urned into the court of Exchequer, or other courts, and such fines md ijfues againfi such parijhes for not amending their highways, are }evied on fome particular-inhabitants of such parijhes or places, and

L 4  there

152 Anno tertio&quartoGulielmi & Marim. C.w. ^1691*

there being no provifeon made for the mating of a rate to reimburfe Juch particular inhabitants; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid. That no fine, iffue, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall hereafter be returned into the court of Exchequer, or other court, but (hall be levied and paid into the hands of the fur-veyors of such parifh or place, to be applied towards the repair If fine laid and amendment of such highway; and that if any fine, penalty, habitant* how or forfeiture, impofed on any parifh or place for not repairing he (hall be re- the highways, (hall hereafter be levied on any one or more of paid.  the inhabitants of such parifh or place, that then such inhabi-

tant pr inhabitants (hall make his or their complaint to the juftices of the peaoe at their fpecial feflions, and the (aid juftices, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and authorized, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe a rate to be made, according to the form and manner aforesaid, for the reimburfing such inhabitant or inhabitants the monies fo levied on him or them as aforesaid, which rate fo made and confirmed by two juftices; as aforesaid, (hall be co:-‘  ledted and levied by the furveyor or furveyors of the highways

of such parifh or place fo prelented or indidted as aforesaid, and the faid furveyor or furveyors, fhall within one month next after the making and confirming the rate aforesaid, pay unto the inhabitant or inhabitants such money fo levied on him or them as aforefaid.

tobcVtbot9 XV. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the wide.  furveyors of the highways fhall and are hereby required to make

every cart way leading to any market town, eight foot wide at the Jeaft, and, as near as may be, even and level.

Inhabitants  * XVI. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

withm the  aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for anyinha-

what carts * bitant anY °f the parifhes within the weekly bills of mor-rhey may life, tality, who dwells off from the pavement, or ufes bis carts zs See a W.&M. well off as upon the pavement, and to and for any brewer,andto ff. a. c. *. f.19. ancj for any fcavenger, or pther perfon employed m carrying away Rep. 18 Geo. tj,e anj f0jj ^ ftrects> ]anes, and alleys, to make uti ’  of any cart, car, or dray, with wheels fhod with iron, and nar-

rower than fix inches in the fellies,' and drawn with more than two horfes; any a<ft of parliament, law, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithfranding.

Juftices may A VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in lefllons or- That where the juftices of the peace of any county, city, bo-mentto be* rough, or other place, or the major psurt or them, at their gc-made, to re- neral or quarter leflions, fhall be fully fatisfied, that the coin-pair the ways, mon highways, caufeways, bridges, ftreets, or pavpments, Explained bv within any parifh, townfhip, hamlet, or other place within their % cC°; *f 6 refpedive jurifdiftion, cannot otherwifebe fufficientjy amended, • repair^ paved, cleanfed, and fupported, by means of tlx: laws now in force, without the help of this prefent adk, in all such cafes, one or more afleffment or affeffments upon all and every the inhabitants, owners, and occupiers of lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, or any perfonal eftate ufually

i6gi.] Annotcrdo & quartoGulielmi & Marije. c. 12.  153

rateable to the poor, within any such parifh, townlhip, hamlet, or other place, lhall be made, levied, collected, and allowed by such perfoo and perfons, and in such manner, as the laid jullices by their order at such felGons lhall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby railed lhall be employed and accounted for according to the orders and directions of the faid jullices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cieanfing, and fuppordng such highways, caufeways, llreets, pavements, and bridges, from time to time, as need (hall require ; and the faid alTeflrnents lhall be levied by diflrefs and fale of the goods of every perfon fo aflefled (not paying the lame within ten days after demand) rendring the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained, to the owner and owners ■ thereof; the necelTary charges of making and felling such di-ftrefs being first deducted.

XVIII.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCted, That no Afleflment not such afleflment or afleflments, to be made in any one year, (hall to exceed 6d. exceed the rate of fix pence in the pound of the yearly value *“the Pound-of any lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments fo afleff-

ed, nor the rate of fix pence for twenty pounds in perfonal eftatc,

XIX. Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons lhall  *&*

find him or themfelves aggrieved with any afleflment or rate,  to*t2e

or other aCt, by the faid jullices of peace, that then it lhall be fcffions. lawfiil for the jullices of the peace at their general quarter fef-

fions, or the greater number of them, to take such'order therein as to them lhall be thought convenient, and the fame to conclude and bind all the faid parties.

XX.  Provided alfo, That no perfon lhall be punilhed for Perfon hereby

any offence againft this ad, unlefs such offender be profecuted punilhed. to for the fame within fix months after the offence committed ;  fo1**

and that no perfon, who (hall be punilhed for any offence by month*. and virtue of this aCt, (hall be punilhed for the fame offence by vir- punilhable no tue of any other aCt or law whatfoever.  other way.

XXI.  And be it further enaCted and declared by the autho- Breadth of rity aforesaid, That no horfe caufeway, or caufewav for horfes horfe caufc* travelling upon or in any publick highway, be lels or under way*' three foot in breadth.

XXII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Middlefex (hall and may be lawful to and for the jullices of the peace of Jufticei may the county of Middlefex, at their general quarter lemons, toM^KenfinS make rates for the paving the town of Ktnfingtm within the [on. *’ faid county, in all such places thereof as they lhall think convenient, and to amend, repair, and cleanfe the fame, upon old

llreets and houfes, as well as new, in such manner as is di-re&ed by one adl made in the fecond year of their Majellies reign, for paving and cieanfing the llreets in the cities of London and WejlminjUr.

XXIII.  And be It further enabled by the authority aforesaid, No Certiorari That all matters conceminphighways, caufeways, pavements, ai»y order, and bridges, mentioned in this aA, dull be determined in the up0D

county •

carnage.

154 Anno tertio&quarto Guliel'Mi & Mari*. C.t3,14. [1691;

county where the fame do lie, and not elfewhete: And that no presentment, indiftment, or order, made by virtue of this aft, lhall be removed by Certiorari out of the laid county into any other court.

a^artofettle  And  whereas divers waggoners and other carriers, hj

the rates of combination amongjl themfebves, have raifed the prices of carriage cf goods in many places to exceffme rates, to the great injjery of'trader be it therefore enafted "by the authority afbrefaid. That the juftices of the peace of every county and other place within the realm of England, or dominion of Wahsy (hall have power and authority, and are hereby injoined and required, at their next refpedtive quarter or general feflions after Eajler day yearly, to aflefs and rate the prices of all land carriage of goods whatfb-ever, to be brought into any place or places within their re-fpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, by any common waggoner or carrier, and the rates and affeflrnents fo made, to cernty to the feveral mayors and other chief officers of each refpeftive market town within the limits and jurifdiftions of fitch juftices of the peace, to be hung up in fome publick place in every such market town, to which all perfons may refort For their information ; and that no such common waggoner or carrier (hall take for carriage of such goods and merchandizes above the rate and prices fo fet, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence the ftun of five pounds, to be levied by diftrels and fate of his and their goods, by warrant of any two juftices of the peace where such waggoner or carrier fhallrefide, in manner a. forefaid, to the ufe ofthe party grieved.

Perfons profe- XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, •utod for exe* That if any aftion or fuit (hall be hereafter commenced or pro-Sa*”* ^cutw* ag**nft any perfon or perfonsby this a (ft authorized to Put t*ie ^afnc in execution, every perfon or perfons fo fued may and have ' plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fecial matter double colts, in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance. or if a verdid pafs againft him or her, the faid defendant and defendants (hall recover his and their double cofts, for which he and they (ha! have the like remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

cap. xra.

An aft againft correfponding with their Maieftjes enemies.

*  During  the  prefent  war, exporting of any arms, etc. into France, high

treafon, 4c.

CAR XIV.

5I. penalty upon earner, taking above the rate.

An aft for relief of creditors  fraudulent

9|"g TT7HEREAS  it is not reafonable or l, that by the freftict r

777! Kmafton’ » V . eontrivanee of any debtors their  be defrauded

v. Clarke, in of their juji debts; and neverthelefs it hath often fo happened thu Chan. Trin. where feveral perfons having by bonds or other specialties bound them-Gedtoi/v Han- Jehus ^Hir heirs*and have afterwards died  fee-fmpleif

eodcJnChan!  Mi  in  manors,  meffuages,lands* tenements, and hereditaments, ir

Jfin#. i.il

jfyi.] Anno tcxdo & quarto GPXJELMJ& Marine. c. 14.  J55

bad power or authority do difpofe of or charge the fame by their wills or if aments, have to the  iufrauang of  fitch ,

lajl wills or tejlamtvts devifed the fame, or  thereof  in  such

manner as fitch creditors have bjl their laid debts : For remedying of which, and for the maintenance or juft and upright dealing,

II.  Be it enacted and declared by the King’s and Queen’s will* fnrodu-moft excellent majeftjes, by and with the advice and con- lent againft fent of the lords fpiritual and temnbral, and commons, in this creditor*, prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the lame.

That all wills and teftaments, limitations, difpofitions, or appointments, of or concerning any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any rent, profit, term, or charge out of the lame, whereof any perfon or perfons, at the time of his, her, or their deceafcj mail be feizedin fee-fimple, in pofieftion, reverfion, or remainder, ot have power to difpofe of the fame by his, her, or their laft wills or teftaments, to be made after the five and twentieth day of , in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred ninety and two, (hall ' be deemed and taken (only as againft such creditor or creditors as aforesaid,’ his, her, and their heirs, fuccefiors, executors, ad-miniftrators, and affigns, and every of them) to be fraudulent, and clearly, abfolutely, and utterly void, fruftrate, and of none effedt; any pretence, odour, feigned or prefumed confideration or any other matter or tiling to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  And for the means that such creditors maybe enabled to Dd* upon recover their laid debts, be it further enaded by the authority bond jointly aforefaid. That in the cafes before mentioned, every such credi- luable againft tor fhall and may have and maintain his, her, and their adtion

and actions of debt, upon his, her, and their faid bonds and obUgor, Ipecialties, againft the heir and heirs at law of such obligor or obligors, ana such devifee or devifees, jointly by virtue of this adf; and such devifee or devifees (hall be liable and charge- Devj(-ee able for a falfe plea by him or them pleaded, in the fame man- chargeable for ner as any heir fhould have been for any falfe plea by him a falfe plea, as pleaded, or for not confefiing the lands or tenements tohimanhe*r* defeended.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- Dev'rfe forraif-forefaid, That whore there hath been or (hail be any limitation jng portions, or appointment, devife or difpofition, of or concerning any ma- pumant to a nors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments for the raaaiage ?"** railing or payment of any teal and juft debt or debts, or anytrat ’g00d* portion or portions, fum or fums of money, for any child or children of any perfon, other than the heir at law, according

to, or in purfuance of, any marriage contract or agreement in writing bona fid* made before such marriage, the fame and every of thein (hall be ui full force ; and the fame manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall and may be holden and enjoyed by every such perfon or perfons, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, for whom the faid limitation, appointment, devift, or difpofition was made, and by his, her, and their truftec or truftees, his, her, and

theif

If the heir alienes before adtion brought, he Jhall be liable

156 Anno tertio & quarto Gulielmi & Marine, c.14. [1691.

their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, for such e-ftate or intereft as (hall be fo limited or appointed, devifcd or difpofed, until such debt or debts, portion or portions, (hall be raifed, paid, and fatisfied ; any thmg in this a & contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And whereas feveralperfons being heirs at lawj to avoid tit payment of such juft debts, as tn regard of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments defending to them they have by law been liable to pay, have fold, aliened, or made over such lands, tenements, or heredity

llie v^,uc of menth before any procefs was or could be ijjiied out againft them; be the land. further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in all ca/es where any heir at law (hall be liable to pay the debt of his an-ceftor in regard of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments dc-fcending to him, and (hall fell, aliene, or make over the lame, before any adtion brought, or procefs fued but againft him, that such heir at law (hall be anfwerable for such debt or debts, in an adtion or adtions of debt, to the value of the faid land fo by Creditors Pre. him fold, aliened, or made over; in which cafes all creditors addons againft be preferred, as in adtipns againft executors and admini-rxecutors. ftrators, and such executions (hall be taken out upon any judgment or judgments fo obtained againft such heir, to the value of the faia land, as if the feme were his own proper debt or debts; faying that the lands, tenements and hereditaments k-na fide aliened before the adtion brought, (hall not be liable to filch execution.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadted by tbe authority aforesaid, That where any adtion of debt upon am rSpecialty is brought againft any heir, he may plead rtens per aefcaty at the time of the original writ brought, or the bill filed againd him; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbftaad-

Upon runs per ing ; and the plaintiff in such adtion may reply, that he had dejcent plead- lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from his anceftor before uir7 of the ^g^ial wr>t brought, or bill filed; and if upon iflue joined value of the thereupon it be founa for the plaintiff, the jury (hall enquire lands. Other- of the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo de-wife, if judg- feended, and thereupon judgment (hall be given, and execution Sffion^for11’ be awarded as aforefaid; but if judgment be given againft e °r such heir by confeffion of the adtion» without confefiing the affets defeended, or upon demurrer, or nihil dicit, it (hall be for the debt and damages, without any writ to enquire of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo defeended.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That all and chargeable as every devifec and devifees, made liable by this adfc, (hall be li-

able and chargeable in the fame manner as the heir at law by force of this adt, notwithftanding the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to him or them devifed, (hall be aliened before the adtion brought. Provided always, That this a$ (hall be in fpree for three years, and to the end of the next feflion of par-Ijament after the expiration of the faid three years, and no longer. Made perpetual bybti 7  3.  cap. 14.

feflion/ for debt and damages. Carthcw 353, 354-Devi fee

To continue fqc 3 years.

CAP.

15T

1691.} Anno temo&quarto Gulielmi & Marias. 0.15.

CAP. XV.

An aft far the better ordering and collecting the duty upon low wines* and jtrong waters, and preventing the abufes therein.

FO R the preventing of the frauds of diftillers, makers, and Penalty upon other retailers of low wines, fpirits, and ftrong waters, be diftiller fetting it enabled by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and wifhout notice temporal, and commons, now ip parliament aflembled, and by given to offi-authority of the fame. That no common diftiller or maker cer. of low wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters for fale, (hall at any time from and after the first day of Marche one thousand fix hundred ninety and one, fet up, make nfe of, or alter any tqn, calk,, wafhbatch, copper, (till, or other veuel, for the brewing or making of any worts, wa(h, low wines, fpirits, . or ftrong waters for fale, or (hall keep or make ufe of any private or concealed warehoufe, cellar, or other place, for the laying of any wa(h, * low wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters for fale, without first giving notice thereof at the next office of excife, within the limits or jurisdiction whereof he or they do or (hall inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every tun, calk, walhbatch, copper, ftill, or other vetTel fo fet up, uled, or altered, and for every private or concealed warehoufe, cellar, or other place fo ufed as aforefaid; and that all and every other perfon or pcrfons, in whose occupation anyhoufe, out-houfe, or other place what-foever, is or fliall be, where any such private or concealed tun, calk, wafhbatch, copper, ftill, or other veficl (hall be found or difcovered, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to their Majefties, their heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the fame.

II.  And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty upo* f any common diftiller or maker of low wines, fpirits, or ftrong diftillers ron-vaters, (hall at any time hereafter hide, conceal, or convey any pints# ow wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters for fale, from the light or fiew of the gager or gagers appointed fo to take account of the ame, whereby their Majefties (hall or may be defrauded of any he duties due for the fame, that every such common diftiller or naker of such low wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters, for every gallon of low wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters for fale, fo hid, pneealed, or conveyed as aforesaid, (hall forfeit the fum of [ve (hillings each gallon; all which penalties to be fued for, re-overed, and levied in such manner, as by one a<ft of parliament jiade in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles uCir*a.c.24, be Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards ed liveriesy and tenures in Capite and by knights fervice, and fur-fiance y and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof:

>d alfo as by one other a eft of parliament made in the fifteenth

ter of his laid Majesty's reign, intituled. An additional aft for 15 Car.i.c.tx.

1

1

i

f5&

Di (tiller giving notice, arc. excepted.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & MARiiB. c.i,*.  [169:.

the better ordering and collecting the duties of excife, and preventing the abufes therein, or in either of them, or by any other law now in force, relating to the revenue of excife on beer and ale, is direfted.

III.  Provided always. That this aft, nor any the forfeitures or penalties therein contained, (hall be conftrued to extend to any common diftiller, or other pdrfo'n or periods, who (hall from and after the faid first day of AUsr'ch, one thdufand fix hundred ninety and one, give notice t6 the* ofc'Cer of excife for the place or divifiorx where fach diftifier or other perion (hall lire, as by this aft is appointed;

Anno Regni GULIELMI ® MARI® quarto.

A T  the parliament begun  the  twen

JTl 0/^ March, Anno Dom. 1989, in the feemd year of the reign of  our  Jovereign lord and , W illiam  andMzry,

by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, Fratlfce and Irdand, King and Queen, defenders of the faith, See. and from thence continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to the fotirtb’ day of November, 1692. being the fourth feffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

EXP.

Firft land tax iW.&M. fcff. 1. c. so.

An aft for granting to their Majefties an aid of four (hillings in the pound for one year, tor carrying on a vigorous war* againlt France.

CAP. II.

Ad a£t that the inhabitants of the province of York maj difpofe of their perfonal ejiates by their wills, notwiti-jtanding the cujlom of that province.

WHERE AS by cujiom within the province of York, or other ufage, the widows and younger children of perfons dying inhabitants of that province, are intituled to a part of the goods ad chattels of their late husbands and fathers (called her and their red-finable part) notwithjlanding any difpofition of the fame by their bid-bands and fathers lajl wills and tejlamentiy and notwithjlanding an jointures made for the livelihood of the faid widows by their busbar.is in their life-time, which are competent, and according to agreement, whereby many perfons are dtfabled' from making fufficient provifur. for their younger children: For remedy thereof 5 Perfons within  II. Be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s molt excellent

theprovince majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual r  and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,

ofali thwr * anc^ tbc authority of the fame, That from and after the fix perfonal eftate. and twentieth day of March, onethoufarid fix hundred ninety and three, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perform,

inhabiting

1691.] Anno quarto Guli£LMI.& Marine. c. 3.  r$91

inhabiting or refiding, or who (hall , have any goods- or chattels/ within the province of Tbri, by their laft wills and- teftaments, to give, bequeath, and difpofe of all and fingular their goods,, chattels, debts, and other perfonal eftate to their executor or executors, or to such other perfon or perfonsas the faid teftator or teftators (hall think fit, in as large and ample manner, aB by the laws and ftatutes of this realm any perfon oxt jperfons may* give and difpofe of the fame within the province of Canterbury* or elfewhcre* And that from and after the faid (be and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix: hundred ninety and three, the* widows, children, and other the kindred of such teftator or teftators (hall be barred to claim or demand any part of the goods, chattels, or other perfonal. eftate of such teftator or teftators, in any other manner than as by the faid laft wills and teftaments is limited and appointed 5 any law, ftatute, or ufage. to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained Freemen of (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the citizens of the^r£an<1 cities of York and Chejier, who are or (hall be freemen of the cx" faid refjpeftive cities, inhabiting therein, or within the fuburbs hftan rtftiL thereof, at the time of their death, but that -every such: citizen’s odty % & 3 vidow and children fhall and may have and enjoy such reafon- Anns; c. 5. ible part and proportion of the teftators perfonal eftate, as (he >r they might or ought to have had by the cuftom. of the pro* ince of York% before the making, of thi$ aft*

CAR III.

in aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties* of excije upon beer9 ale9 and other Uquors9 for fecuring1' certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to such perfons as fhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on' she war againfk France* The money advanced upon this ad, being deficient, is> fupplied by 5 W. fc? M* cap. 5..

Jtfqjl gracious Sovereigns,

17 E your moft loyal and dutiful fubjeftr the commons, in / V parliament afiembled, being fenfible of the great and ne-flary expences in which your Majefties are engaged, for caring on the prefcnt war againft the French King; and being firous to fupply the fame in such manner as may be leaft grie~

•us to your Majefties fubjefts: Therefore for the encourage-;nt of luch perfons as (hall voluntarilycontribute to the advanc-g and paying into your Majefties Exchequer, towards carrying tlie faid war, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the 11 of ten hundred thousand pounds, upon the refpeftive ms and recompences hereafter mentioned, we your Majefties d dutiful fubjefts the commons,, in parliament afiembled, ve given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto

your

Additional excife, ^.upon beer, ale, and other liquors, granted for 99 years.

Continued for ever by x Geo. x flat. *. c. I*.

f.S.

Particular

rates.

Beer, &c. above 6 s. per barrel, 9d.

Beer and ale 6 s. or under per barrel, 3d.

Vinegar Eng-lifh per barrel, is. 6d. Vinegar made for pickles f or fale to pay duty per 8 Ann x, C7. f. 4. Explained as to vinegar tneafure by 10 &11 W. 3. c. 11. f. 15. Vinegar foreign per barrel, 48.

Beer, &c. imported barrel, 3 s. Cyder, See, imported per tun, 4!.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & MaRIJE. c.3.  [1692;

your Majefties the feveral additional rates and dudes of excife herein after mentioned, for and during the term hereafter ex-prefled, and do befeechvour Majefties that it may be enacted: II. And be. it ena&ea by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament af-femblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the five and twentieth day of January* one thousand fix hundred ninety and two, there (hall be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflol-s, during the fpace and term of ninety and nine years, from the faid five and twentieth day of January, one thousand fix hundred ninety and two, and no longer, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors herein after ex-prefled, by way of excife, over and above all other duties, charges, and hnpofitions, by any former or other aft or a&s fa and impofed, or to be fet and impofed, in manner and form following, (that is to fay),

(1) For every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty of excife, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpe&ive-ly, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above all other duties payable for the fame, nine pence. (2) For every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the faid common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpe&ively as aforesaid, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above ad I other duties payable for the fame, three pence. (3) For every barrel of vinegar beer, brewed or made of any Engtijb materials, by any common brewer, or any other penon, for fale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and lo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above all other duties of excife payable for the fame, one (hilling and fix pence. (4) For every barrel of vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, made here for fale, that hath run through foreign rape,’ or made with or pafling through any foreign materials, or any mixture with foreign materials, to be paid by the maker thereof and fo prc~ portionably for a greater or lefler quantity, four (hillings. (5) For every barrel or beer, ale, or mum, imported from beyond the feas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity be paid by the importer before landing, over and above tk

to

duties payable for the fame, three (hillings. (6) For every ten of cyder, or perry, imported from beyond the feas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above all other duties payable

t6$2.] Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marias, c.3* '  161

able for the fame four pounds. (7) For every gallon of Angle Single brandy brandy, fpirits, or aqua vita, imported from beyond the feas*  5“

to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above K50 on» other duties payable for the fame, fix pence. (8) For every Double bran-gallon of brandy, fpirits, or aqua vita, above proof, common- dy imported ly called double brandy, imported from beyond the feas, to be per gallon, 1«. paid by the importer before landing, over and above all other duties payable for the fame, one (hilling. (9) For all cyder Cyder, Sec re-and perry made and fold by retail, upon every hogfhead, to be tailed, 1 •. 3 d. paid by the retailer thereof, over and above all other duties Pcr hogfoead.

Eble for the fame, and fo proportionably for a greater or*

’ meafure, one (hilling and three pence. (10) For all me- Metfceglin, theglin or mead made for fale, either by retail or otherwife, to &c. per gallon, be paid by the maker, for every gallon, three pence.  3 d.

III. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the The manner feveral rates, duties, and impofitions upon beer, ale, cyder, bow the duties and other liquors aforesaid, be levied, collefted, and paid unto coU their Majefties, their heirs and fuccefiors, during the faid fpace * and term of ninety and nine years, in the fame manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties ana forfeitures, as are mentioned in the aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti- 1* Car.*. €.*42 tuled. An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and. for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof; and alfo in and by another ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of the 11 Car.a.c^j* faid late King Charles the Second, intituled, A grant of certain impofitions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of bis Majejly's revenue during his life 5 and alfo in and by another aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the faid late King ijCar.a. c.u. Charles the Second, intituled, An additional aft, for the better ordering; and collefting the duty of excife, and preventing the abufes therein ; or by any other law in force relating to the faid revenue of excife; and that the aforefaid afts, and every article, rule, and daufe therein mentioned, as for and concerning only

:he rates, duties, and impofitions by this aft granted, (hall be........

>f full force and effeft, to all intents and purposes, during the

Paid term of ninety and nine years, in like manner as if the

lame were at large and particularly recited and fet down in the

body of this aft; and that the faid rates and duties of excife, Cbmmiffioner*

by this aft granted, (hall from time to time be within the re- cmv^bVdu!-

zeipt and government of the chief commifiioners and govern-tics.

ors of the receipt of the excife for the time being,

IV.  And be it further enaftedby the authority aforesaid, Tbe monies to That the faid commifiioners and governors for management and be kept apart, receipt of the excife, at the head office in London for the time *nd]5*'fnlo being, (hall feparate and keep apart all and every the monies ^Exdie-irifing by the rates and duties of excife hereby granted, as the quer. lame (hall from time to time arife, or be paid into the faid office of excife, by the receivers or colleftors of the lame, or by any Vol. IX.  M  other

i6z  Anno  quarto  Gulielmi & Mari#. c,j. [1692,

other perfon whatfoever. And the faid commiflioners and governors of excife for the time being are hereby required and ftriftly enjoined, from time to time, to pay weekly (wz,) on Wednefday in every week, if it  be not a holiday, and if it be,

then the next day after that is  not a holiday, all and every the

monies arifing by the rates and duties of excife hereby granted, into the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer, diftind and apart from the other monies which the faid commiflioners and governors of excife (hall receive for the ufe of their Majefties, their heirs, and fuccefTors.

Boole in the V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,That Exchequer of there (hall be provided and kept in their Majefties Extkpr payments  (^t is to fay) in the office of  the auditor of the receipts, one

*  book in which all the faid weekly monies, which (hall be paid

into the Exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be entered apart and diW from all other monies paid or payable to their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, upon any account whatfoever. Pemltyupcm VL And be it further enafted, That if the faid commit-^fexc^°ne^- ^oners an^ governors of excife, for the time being, (hall refufe le&ing to pay or negleft to pay into the Exchequer all or any the laid weekly or misapply- fuftis appointed to be paid as aforesaid, in such manner as they ing the money, are before by this aft required to do, or (hall divert ormi&p-ply any of toe fame, then they, for any such offence (hall forfeit their offices of commiflioners and governors for the management and receipt of the excife, and be incapable of any office or place oftruft whatfoever, and (hall be liable to pay the foil value of any fum or fums fo diverted or milapplied, to any perfon or perfons, who will fue for the fame, by an? adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of thei Majefties courts of record at JVeJlminJler, wherein no dm protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or othe privilege, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted a allowed.

VQ. And be it further enafted, That all the faid fums (os aforefaid appointed to be paid weekly into the receipt of & Exchequer, during the faid term of ninety and nine years, M be the yearly fond for the feveral and refpeftive purposes herai after mentioned and exprefled.

VIII.  And be it further enadted. That it (hall and mayh lawful for any perfons, natives or foreigners, to contributes wards the advancing of the faid fum of ten hundred thoubn pounds, for the purposes aforesaid, by paying into the recsf of their Majefties Exchequer, at any time before the Md: of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, such ti or fums of money, and upon such terms refpeftiyely, ash in after mentioned and exprefled (that is to fay) that out ( 100,000!. to be the monies arifing by virtue of this aft, the fum of one hts butccftUl dred thousand pounds yearly, until the four and twenty #700 and day of June, one thousand seven hundred, be feparateda kept apart, as the yearly fond to be divided amongft i

pcrfei

Thefe duties to be a fund.

Natives and foreigners may contribute

1,000,000 I. before May.

1692.] Anno quarto Gulielmi & Mari**;. c.3.  163

perfons contributing to the raifing the faid fum of ten hun- afterwards dred thousand pounds; and that from and after the faid 70,000 four and twentieth day of June, pne thousand seven hundred, out of the monies arifing by virtue of this a£t, the fum of fe-venty thousand pounds be yearly feparated and kept apart, as the yearly fund, to be divided as herein after is mentioned; that any perfon who will become a contributor, (hall and may Contributorof advance the fum of one hundred pounds at the leaft, fof £9?^ which fum fo advanced he is to name to the auditor of the during the life receipt, or the clerk of the pells, in the Exchequer for the time which he being, his own, or fome other life, during which lie (hall be names, intitled to receive a (hare or dividend of the faid yearly fund, as hereafter is exprefied; that every contributor may advance Any as many fums of one hundred pounds as he (hall think fit, may contri-for which fums fo advanced he is to name to the auditor of buteas many the receipt, or the clerk of the pells, for the time being, t|un<!5Cfj! M one or more life or lives (fo as no more lives be named, L*v£# ^*n than there are diftindhundred pounds advanced) during which be named, life or lives he lhall be.intituled to receive fo many (hares or dividends of the (aid yearly fund, as there are hundred pounds jy him advanced; that all the faid lives (hall be named by :he feveral contributors, their executors, or adminiftrators, or uch as (hall be employed by them to pay in the faid fums, vithin fourteen days after the four and twentieth day of June,

>ne thousand fix hundred ninety and three: That in the faid Books to be >ffice of auditor of the receipts, and in the office of the kept of the :lerk of the pells feverally, there be provided and kept one namc*°f the >r more book or books, in which (hall be fairly entred the ^^non^nSes, tames of all who (hall be contributors, and of all perfons and the fums >y whose hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any of the contributed, aid fums, and alfo the feveral fums fo paid, and the time /hen the fame are refpe&ively paid, the (aid entry to be made pon payment of the faid fums; and alfo in the faid books here (hall be entred the feveral nominees, for whose lives re*

>e<5Hvely the feveral dividends of the laid yearly fond (hall be ayable, at the times when the fame (hall be nominated as a->refaid: To which books it (hall be lawful for the refpeltive >ntributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, from me to time, at all feafonable times, to have refort, and to in*

\c6t the fame without fee or reward: And as well the faid Contributor veral contributors, as the faid nominees, (hall be deferibed in UP<?I1 payment te faid books by their* chriftian and iumames, additions, hw taL laces of abode, and other deferiptions, which (hall belt af- iy and order main the periods; and every contributor, upon payment of for his (bare, te fum of one or more hundred pounds as aforesaid, lhall im* ediately have one or more taljy or tallies levied, importing e receipt of the confideration money, for which the con* ibutor is to receive one or more (hares or dividends of the !d yearly fond, during the life or lives of the nominee or >zninees, whether such nominee be the contributor himfelfr

M 2  or

Order not * made void by removal or revocation of any officer. Tne whole yearly funds proportion-ably paid to the contributors, if the whole fum be advanced.

Payable half jeariy.

Survivors to have advantage of the death of the nominees till only (even be left, and then the King to have the dead man's (hare.

If the whole fum be not advanced, the contributors (hall be paid such part of the annual funds as it \pr,port km-able to the advance.

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Maria. c*g* [1692.

or herfelf, or any other perfon, and an order for payment there* of accordingly, bearing the fame date with the tally ; which orders (hall be figned by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, now being, or by the treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and after the ligning thereof, the lame mall be Arm, good, valid, and effedual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any commiffioners or commiffioner of the treafury, or lord high treafurer, or treafurer of the Exchequer, or by, or upon the determination of the power or office of any commiffion-er or commiffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer, or treafurer of th^Exchequer, nor (hall any commiffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer, or treafurer of the Exchequer, now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void such orders fo figned as aforesaid, or any of them. And the faid refpe&ive yearly funds of one hundred thousand pounds, and feventy thousand pounds (in cafe the whole fum of ten hun. dred thouland pounds lhall be advanced upon credit of the (aid funds) (hall be equally divided amongft the contributors, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, during the lives of their re-fpe&ive nominees* in proportion to the fums by them advanced, yearly and every year, by two equal half yearly payments, that is to fay, the four and twentieth day of December* and the four and twentieth day of June; the Am payment to be made the four and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three; and upon the death of every nominee, the (hare or (hares of the faid funds, which was or were payable during his life, (hall be equally divided amongft the reft of the contributors, whole nominees (hall be living; and fo free time to time upon the death of every nominee* whatfoeve: (hare or dividend was payable during the life of such nominee, (hall be equally divided amongft the reft of the contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, during the lives cf their refpe&ive nominees; fo that from time to time the whok refpe&ive yearly funds (hall be divided at>d paid amongft tfec contributors, whose nominees do furvive, until such time as there (hallbe but fevennominees living; after which time there (hall be no more advantage of furvivormip; but upon the death of every of the faid seven nominees, a feventh (hare of the fed yearly funds (hall be anfwered to the ufe of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors. And in cafe the whole fum of tsa hundred thousand pounds (hall not by the first day of Atayy or one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, be advanced ad paid by such contributors upon the terms aforesaid, that thr. there (hall be divided to and amongft such contributors u (hall, before the faid first day of May, have advanced and paid as aforesaid, towards the fame yearly and every year, by two eqoil payments as afore&dj fo much only of the faid yearly funds.

1692.] Anno quarto GulielMi & Marine, c.3.  165

osihall bear proportion to the faid fum fo advanced after the rates aforesaid, that is to fay, fo much only of the laid yearly hinds, as (hall, during the first seven years, to commence from the find four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety three, anfwer yearly the fum of ten pounds for every hundred pounds fo advanced and paid; and from and after the expiration of the fiud seven years, during the lives of the fiud nominees, and the furvivor of them, yearly and every year, by two equal payments as aforesaid, the lum of seven pounds for every hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to be divided as aforesaid, with the like benefit and advantage of furvivorfhip, as is herein directed, in cafe the whole fum of ten hundred thoufend pounds (hail be advanced and paid upon the terms aforefaid; and from and after the faid first day of one thoufond fix hundred ninety and three, no contributors (hall advance any further fums upon the terms and advantages aforefaid.

IX.  And for the encouragement of $e contributors to ad- Ten pounds vance and pay forthwith into the receipt of the Exchequer the fums by them intended to be advanced upon the terms afore- ^tribotora faid, it is enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every such from the pap-contributor (hall receive out of the faid yearly funds, tor all meat till the monies by him fo advanced and paid, from the refpe&ive days *4*h®f June> of payment, unto the faid four and twentieth day of , one  ,

thousand fix hundred ninety three, intereft for the feme, at the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum: which intereft (hall be mentioned and exprefied in the order hereby appointed to be given, upon payment of any such fums.

X- And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law- Contributor ful for any contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, map aifignor at any time during the life of his or their refpe&ive nominee, derifc tus in-by any writing under hand and leal, or by his or their laft willtere“* in writing, to aflign or devife any one or more (hare or (hare* of the fold fund, payable during the life of any one or more nominee or nominees, to any perfon or perfons, and fo toties quoties; and no such aflignments to be revocable, fo as an en- Entry of the try or memorandum of such affignment or will be made in aflignment, books to be kept for that purpose, in the faid office of the re- >’ 5“ ceipt, within the fpace of two months after such aflignment or the execution, ideath of the devifor; and that upon the producing such aflign- to be filed in * mcnt, or will, or probat thereof, in the faid office of receipt, to the receipt be entred as aforesaid, the party fo producing the fame (hall °®ce-bring therewith an affidavit, taken before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in caufes depending in any of the courts at Wejlminjler, of the due execution of the faid aflign-ment or will, which affidavits (hall be feveraily filed in the laid office; which faid entry or memorandum the faid officers in the (aid receipt of the Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the foid affidavits ; and in default of such If no affign-aflignment or devife by deed or will the intereft of such con- raent, intereft tributor (hall go to his executors and adminiftrators, for the exe'

. M3  lifccoton*

i6 6

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marijb. c.3. [1692.

life of the nominee, such nominee being fbme other pcribn as aforefaid.

Guardians XI. And be it further enadted, That it (ball and may be may advance ]awful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofcl of the SnrsCunderin* moncy any infant under the age of twelve years, for the ufe twelve. and benefit of such infant, to advance and pay for the purpose aforesaid, the fum of one hundred poundis of the monies or foch infant, and (hall thereupon, within such time as is herein before appointed for the naming of lives, name the faid infant to be a nominee; and such infant, upon the payment of the fum, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this ad, and be intituled to have and receive, during his or her life, a (hare of .the faid funds in such manner ana proportion as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum of one hundred pounds fo advanced, is hereby & .charged. .

Contributor XII. And to the intent and purpose that all deceits in it* upon.de«nan.d-ceiving any (hare of the faid yearly fund may "be prevented, a fo.arc> and that the full advantage of furvivorftnp may be had, be it oertifcauf * ena<^e^ by the authority aforefaid. That every contributor, his from the mi. executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, upon their demanding niiter and any half yearly payment of his or their refpedtiye (hares (unleh church-war- the nominee appear in perfon at the faid receipt) (hall produce mince’s Me. a ceitificate of the life of his or their refpedtive nominee, figned by the minifter and churchwardens of the parifh where such nominee (hall be then living, upon the day when the faid hair yearly payment (hall become due (if such nominee (hall be then refiding in the kingdom of England* dominion of Wales, or ton of Berwick upon Tweed) which certificate the (aid minifterd churchwardens are hereby required to make without fee or reward? and the faid certificates fhall be filed in the (aid office d receipt of the Exchequer.

If nominee XIII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any nominee be out of the (hall, at the time of such demand, be refident in Scotland, or te-* land, certiti- yond the feas, and any one or more of the barons of the Exthtpa fromTba** ^or the t*tne bring fhall certify, that upon proof to him or them yon. a " made (which proof he and they is and are hereby authorize: and required to take in a fummary way) it doth feenv probate to him or them, that the faid nominee is living (which create is to be given, and examination made, without any fee charge) the laid certificate, being filed as aforesaid, (halite; fufficient warrant for the payment of the faid half yearly flureo the refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns.

Contributor XlV. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any perfoa, neglecting to who by the intent of this adt fhall be intituled to receive «r half yearly * half yearly payment of his (hare of the faid funds, fhall at» payment goes time negledl to demand the fame in manner as aforesaid, imd to die reft, within twenty days before the next half yearly payment fd become due, he (hall lofe and forfeit such half yearly paymet: fo negledted to be demanded, and the fame fhall be divided

•  amooft

1692.] Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marlb. c.g.  1

amoagft the contributors, as if his refpedtive nominee had been dead, and fo from time to time upon every default. Provided neverthelefs, That if such contributor (hall afterwards make a demand in due time in manner aforesaid, for any following half yearly payment, such contributor (hall for the future have his (hare of the faid funds, as if such default had not been made.

XV.  And to the indent it may appear and be afcertained up- Account to be on every half yearly payment, unto and amongft what perfons, made within and in what proportions the faid funds are to be diftributed, be 20 days of

it ena&ed. That in the faid office of auditor of the receipt, ^ent of the every half year, within twenty days before the refpedtive days death* of no-of payment, there (hall be made up an account of the fevend minces, nominees whose deaths are come to knowledge, and of the fe-vcral contributors who have made default in making demand as aforesaid, that fo the reftof the contributors may have the advantage thereof.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall receive any one or more half yearly payments of the faid funds after the death of any nominee, for whose life such (hare was payable, it (hall be lawful for any contributor to require the lame to be repaid into the receipt of the Exchequer^ for the benefit of the contributors. And in cafe of refufal or neglect to Contributor pay in the lame within one month after such demand, such per-

Ion fo refufing or neglecting (hall forfeit treble the fura fo re-raved, to be recovered by adtion of debt in any of their Ma- death how jellies courts at JVeJlminjterj in the name of such contributor punilhed. who (ball make the demand as aforefaid; in which adtion no -effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XVII.  And be it further enadted for the better encouraging °[~ perfons to advance the faid fum of ten hundred thousand pounds

upon the terms aforefaid. That ah receipts and iffues, and all * other things directed by this act, to be performed in the Exchequery (hall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any fee, gratuity, or reward for the fame. And in cafe any of the officers of the Exchequer (hall take or demand any such fee or reward, or (hall divert or mifapply any of the faid weekly fums, to be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, for making up the aforefaid funds, or (hall pay or ifTue out the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this a<t, or (hall not keep books and regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this adfc they are required to perform, every such officer (hall forfeit his omce, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of truft whatsoever, and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages, with pofts of fuit, to every contributor, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to be recovered by action of debt, bill plaint or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at Wefiminjlef, wherein no efioin, protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of rdfraint, or mpre than one imparlance (hall be grantee}

M 4  QV

Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marijb. c.g. [1694;

or allowed; and in the faid adion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have his full cofts, one third part of which fum fo to be recovered (hall be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the benefit of the faid contributors, and the other two third parts (hall be to the ufe of the profecutor. And in cafe there (hall be any collufion, or faint profecution between the plaintiff aid defendant in such adion, it (hall be lawful for any other contributor to bring another adtion, wherein he (hall recover as Officer not aforesaid, to the ufes aforefaid. Provided always, and be it pumihablc for enaded, That in cafe any officer of the Exchequer (hall make ne^uiwna" payment of any (hare or fhares of the faid funds, upon such cer-forgedeerti- tificate as is before direded, such officer (hall not incur any pe-ficate, except nalty, forfeiture, or difability, or be liable to any adtion of the privy to it. contributors for doing thereof, although the faid certificate be forged or falfe, or the faid nominee be dead, unlefs the End officer did know at the time of such payment that the faid nominee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe. Contributor XVIII. And be it further enaded, That every contributor, to certify his executors, adminiftrators, or affi^ns, within one month next death ot his after notice of the death of his or their refpedtive nominee, fliaE r«°turnChis tad- such death to the auditor of the receipt of the Exhtqvc lr> upon 10L* for the time being, and (hall alfo, within three months after Penalty. such notice, deliver, or caufe to be delivered up to the faid auditor his or their tally and order, by which he or they were or was intituled, during the life of such nominee, to receive aor (hare of the £1 id fund, in cafe such tally and order be in his or their hands or power *, and in default thereof such contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall forfeit theta of ten pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt as afoimd, and to be had and received to the ufe of any perfon who M fue for the fame.

A claufe of XIX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if loan, to make the whole fum of ten hundred thousand pounds be not ad-up the fum of vanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this ad, before tk 1,000,000 .four an(j twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hun&e ninety three; that then it (hall and may be lawful for tk: Majefties, or their officers in the receipt of their Majefties b-chequer, by their command and appointment, to borrow zni take into the faid receipt, for their Majefties ufe, by way a loan, any fum or fums of money, which, together with At whole value or amount of all the fums of money, which (hal before the fcid four and twentieth day of June, be advincri and paid upon the terms and advantage of furvivorfhip as tfore-faid, or upon the terms hereafter in this ad mentioned, (ha! not exceed the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds j whid fum or fums, fo taken up by way of loan, (hall and maybe charged upon the credit ot their Majefties Exchequer in gencri and tallies of loan, and orders of repayment of the fame (hall be levied accordingly; which orders (Kadi be aflignable and tram-ferrable from one perfon to another.

XX. And it is hereby enaded, That all and every fum 2ad fums pf money fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforefaid

together

i 691.] Anno quarto Goliblmi & Mariju c. 3.  169

together with die intereft for the lame, not exceeding, die rate S€ren pounds of seven pounds  per centum per  annum, to be paid every three

months until fetisfeltion of the principal, or fo much thereof as tender, and (hall not be repaid out of such monies as lhall be advanced up- the charge of on the terms hereafter in this alt mentioned, at or after the faid the principal four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred nine- *j*~ ty three, and before tne twenty ninth day of September next foil- the next par" lowing (all which faid monies lo to be advanced from and after liameot slid,* the faid four and twentieth day of June, and before the faid and if no aid, twenty ninth day of September, (hall oe applied and appropriat-1° the next ed, and are appropriated, for the difchatging the Several loans KTenue* made upon this alt, lo far as the fame will extend) lhall be payable, and be paid or fatisfied unto the refpeltive lender or lenders of the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftratois, or affigns, out of any of the next aids or fupplies to be granted to their Majefties in parliament, and lhall be transferred and transferrable thereunto, as foon as any such aid or fupply lhall be granted j and in cafe no such aid or fupply (hall be granted ' to their Majefties before the Second day of  ,  one thou-

Fand fix hundred ninety three, then the laid (urn and fums of money fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid, and the intereft thereof, or fo much thereof as lhall not be repaid out of the monies which (hall be advanced before the aid twenty ninth day of September as aforefeid, lhall be payable and be paid ind fatisfied to the laid lender or lenders, his or their executors, idminiftrators,or affigns refpedively, by and out of any of their Majefties treafure, which from henceforth lhall come into, be, or remain in the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer, not being ilready appropriated to any particular ufes by any alt or alts of parliament before this time made.

XXI.  And be it further enalted. That for the better and If «oo,oool. more effieltual fupply of their Majefties prelent occafions, that advanced f the fum of five hundred thou land pounds, part of the laid um of ten hundred thousand pounds, be not advanced and borrow* raid into the Exchequer upon this alt, before the first day of 500,000!. May, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, that then it lhall m^e>to be ind may be lawful for their Majefties to borrow, upon intereft is aforefeid, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five by thu aft nindred thousand pounds, to be paid out of such other monies betwixt that is lhall be advanced upon this alt between the first day of May, timeand Sep* me thousand fix hundred ninety three, and the laid twenty linth day of  September,one thousand fix hundred ninety three, o,ort( next

n cafe tne money fo advanced lhall be fufficient for tne pay- aid charge-nent thereof, or otherwife fo much thereof as the feme lhall ex- able, end to pay; and the rafidue of the faid fum of five hundred houfand pounds, fo taken up upon loan, which lhall remain mpaid out of the monies advanced upon this alt as aforefeid, hall be taken and reckoned as part of the faid lum, before di-eltcd to be and made payable out of any of the next aids or applies to be granted to their Majefties in parliament, or out f their Majefties treafure as aforefeid.

XXII. And

170  Anno .quarto Gulielmi & Maria c.3. [1691

If the whde XXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefiid, That in cafe the whole fum of ten hundred thousand pounds May, perfons not advanced by the laid contributors, and jpaid into the contributing Exchequer* before the faid first day of May* one thousand fix hun-Iball have the dred ninety and three, upon the terms and advantage offur-advantage of vivorfhip as aforesaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to for*i^ofthe  anY P*1*00 or pcrfons, natives or foreigners, after tk

nominee. faid first day of May* one thousand fix hundred ninety three, and before the nine and twentieth day of September then nett following, to advance and pay into their Majeftics Excbqw, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole (together with what (hall have been before the (aid first day of Usj advanced by the faid contributors as afore(aid) the faid fum of tea hundred thousand pounds, upon the terms following, that is ic fay. That every such perform out of the monies arifing by the rates and duties of excife granted by this ad, (hall have and receive, for every fum of one hundred pounds by them refpec-tively advanced and paid, a yearly annuity, rent, or payment of fourteen pounds of lawful Engb/h money (and proportion for a greater fum ) and for and during the life of such perfon fo advancing or paying the fame, or during any other life to be nominated by-the perfon advancing or paying any such fums aforesaid, the fame to be nominated within fix days after payment of the faid fum; which yearly annuities, rents, or payments, (hall commence from the nine and twentieth dav it September* one thousand fix hundred ninety three, and (hall be paid and payable at the four moil jufual rafts in the year ; that is to fay, at the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary* the nativity of Sant John Baptiji* and the feaft of Saint Michael the arcnangel, b| even and equal portions; and every perfon, on payment of as; such fum or fums as aforesaid, (hall immediately have ooe a more tally or tallies importing the receipt of the confidential money, and orders for payment of the faid annuities, bearing the fame date with the tally, the (aid orders to be figned in tk fame manner as is in this ad before mentioned, touching orkn to be given to the before mentioned contributors, and not to It determinable, revokable, or countermandable, as touching tk before mentioned-orders is ena&ed ; which faid orders mbe aflignable and transferable in such and the fame manner a is before mentioned touching the faid orders given to the contributors as aforesaid, upon the terms and advantages in this d first mentioned; and all the monies arifing by the ratesd duties hereby granted (over and befides fo much ,as (hall bea , proportion, after the rates aforesaid, to the whole fum whki (hall be advanced by the contributors before the faid first day a May* one thousand fix hundred ninety and three) areandftd be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated, u and for the payment of the faid annuities or yearly rents or fums, after the rate, of fourteen pounds per annum for every dred pounds advanced as afQreuid* according to th$ true intem

vi

j6gi.] Anno qturto Gulielmi & Marine, c.3,  171

and meaning of this a&, and (ball not be divertible or diverted Pendtietup-to any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever, under the like ^-^cert) ** penalties, forfeitures, and diiabilides, in refped to all and every the officers above mentioned, as are before appointed and enabled, in cafe of diverting or misapplying any part of. the monies which ought to be paid tothe contributors, who are to have the advantage of furvivorlhip as aforefaid; and the faid officers re-peltively are hereby required to keep books and raiders, and nake entries of the names of all perions who (hall advance any money after the faid first day of May as.afore&id, and oftbefeveral 'urns fo advanced, and the times of paying in the feme refpec-ively, and the names of fucb perions for whose lives the feveral innuities and yearly payments are to be payable, without fee or Intend after award as aforefeid (to which .books all penons concerned (hallthe rate lave accefs as aforefeid) all which .the faid officers are to do ininnd tUt* ind perform under the like penalties and. forfeitures and dif- September. bilities1 as aforefaid ; and every, perfoo, who (hall advance and >ay any such fum as aforefeid, after the faiddfift day of May, hall receive out of the money; granted by this aft, for all. monies >y him fo advanced and paid, from the refpedive days of pay-nent unto the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one houfand fix hundred ninety three, filtered for the feme, at the ate of ten pounds ptr untum-ptr mown.

XX11I. Provided alio, and be it enabled. That if anv con- perfimt con-ributor, wfio, on or before rite faid first day of May, (hall have tributinp up-idvanced anv fum or fuqns of money, in refpedt whereof fucli furvivor-ontributor (hall be intituled to<have a proportionable (hare of  ia-

he faid Yearly funds, with the . benefits of furvivorlhip as afore- t0 the advan-aid, (hall at any time after the faid first day of May, and before tage of 14 per he faid nine and twentieth day •oi Stptember, be minded or de- cent- for irous (in lieu aod (atisfabtion of such proportionable (hare"of lie faid funds, with such benefits of furvivorlhip) to have an 'early annuity, rent, or payment of fourteen pounds of lawful Inglijb money for every or any (urn of one'hundred pounds, by uch contributor fo-advanced, to be paid during the life of his, ler, or their nominee before mentioned, and (hall fignify filch efire to the faid auditor of the receipt,- or the clerk of the pells,

Or the time being,< that then the faid auditor of the receipt, or lerk of the peUs, fhall caufean entry or memorial thereof ta be nadein a bookor books, for this purpose to-be-kept in the find eccipt; and- the faid entry or memorial being figned by the faid ontributor, such contributori bis executors, adminiftrators, and (figns, during the-fife of the (aid nominee (whether such nomi-tee (hall be the contributor, or any other perfon) (hall have and eceivefor evety fum,of one hundred pounds, which (hall have teen fo advanced, a yearly annuity, rent, oVpaymentof fourteen rounds as aforefeid, at the fourfeafts aforesaid, by equal portions, n such manner, andwith such and the fame advantages, as if such rontributor had originally paid in the monies,by him advanced, iter the faid first day of May, one thoufend fix hundred ninety hrec.

XXIV. Pro-

i7 z Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marijb. c.4. [1691

King after XXIV. Provided always, that after such entry or manorial change (hall (hajj be made in thefaid hook or books, and finned by the coo-vantage ot' * f'butor as aforesaid, all further payments which (houldgn* furvivor. due to such contributor for his proportionable part of the faf yearly funds, (hall ceafe and determine for their Majeflieskw fit, any thing contained in this ad to the contrary nottifr (binding.

The annual XXV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe there (in-plus of the beany furplus or remainder of the monies anting by the duVh*  an^ duties granted by this ad, at the end of any year, dung

Ipart \f tb?’ *be faid term of ninety nine years, after all the bid fcvtnl pt-t^rregttt Fund, portions of the (aid yearly funds, and all and every the w> a Geo. a. c. ties, rents, and yearly payments, and all inteieft piyabuby **•f- *• this ad, (hall be fully (atisfied, paid, and difdurgn, (ad furplus or remainder (hall be to the ufe of their Majeffies, that heirs and fucceflors.

Monies lent XXVI. And be it further enaded, That any monks leatj to be tax free, by , or payable to, any perfon or perfons, upon or by virtuerf this ad, (nail not be charged or chargeable with any rates, dtt-ties or impofitions whatfoever.

Grants of the  XXVIl. Provided always, and it is hereby furtherdedarei

*naded by the authority aforefaid. That all grata wife-* ’  * fitions of any of the monies arifiiig, or which (hall I* coMed,

by the authority of this ad, hereafter to be made by their Ma-jefties, their heirs or fucceflors, to any other perfon or periccs, or in any other manner, or for any longer term or inteieft tha by this ad is appointed, (hall be and are hereby declared ml and void to all intents and purpose* whatfoever.

V  C  A  Pa  IV.

Ah aft for taking  fpecia bails in the country, cBiis

and fuits defending in the courts of King’s Bench, Cm-mon Pleas, and Exchequer at Weftminfter.

FOR the greater eafe and benefit of all perfons whatfoere, a taking the recognizances of fpecial hauls upon ill iffitai and fuits depending, or to be depending, in any of the can of King’s Bench, Common Pitas, or Exchequer at WtJimnh;h it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Majeas, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritml ad temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemtded, Chief juftice am* J»y the authority of the fame, that the chief juftice and ode &c. may make the juftices of die court of King's Bench for the time being, a •njr perfons, any two of them, whereof the chief juftice for the time beds except attor- to be one for the faid court of King's  and the chief info

ci'tors com- *k* court Common Pleas and other the juftices there forth miffionen to time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief juftietd take bail in the the fame court to be one for the (aid court of Comm Pk, a country. alfo the chief baron and barons of the quoif of the court i Exchequer for the time being, or any two of them, whereof ti chief baron for the time bong to be one of the (aid corn 9

i6gi.] Anno quarto Gulielmi & Marl®, c.4.  173

Exchequer* (hall or may, by one or more commiffion or com*

miflions under the feveral Teals of the faid refpedtive courts,

from time to time, as need (hail require, impower such and To

many perfons, other than common attorneys and folicitors, as

they (hail think fit and neceffaiy, in all and every the feveral

(hires and counties within the kingdom of England* dominion

of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* to take and re- Juftices,to

ceive all and every such recognizance or recognizances of bail or receive the

bails, as any perfon or perfons (hall be willing or defirous to

acknowledge or make before any of the perfons fo impowered, oFd^exwu-

in any aftion or fuit depending or hereafter to be depending in tion.

the faid refpeftive courts, or any of them, in such manner and

form, and by such recognizance or bail-piece, as thejuftices and

barons of the faid refpective courts have ufed to take the fame;

which (aid recognizance or recognizances of bail, or bail-piece,

fo taken as aforesaid, (hall be tranfmitted to fome or one of the

juftices or barons of the faid refpeftive courts where such action

or fuit (hall be depending, who, upon affidavit made of the due

taking of the recognizance of such bail or bail-piece by fome

credible perfon prefent at the taking thereof, such juftice or

baron (hall receive the fame, upon payment of such fees as have

been ufually received for the taking of fpecial bails by the iufticee

and barons clerks, and other the officers of the faid relpedtive

courts; which recognizance of bail or bail-piece, fo taken and Bail taken be-

tranfmitted, (hall be of the like effeft as if the fame were taken low to be at de

it bene efft before any of the faid juftices and barons $ for the

taking of every whicn recognizance or recognizances of bail or crs l0n’

bail-piece, the perfon or perfons fo impowered (hall receive only

the fum or fee of two (hillings, and no more*

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Power given to the juftices and barons refpe&ively in the feveral courts (hall juftices, &c. to make such rules and orders for the juftifying of such bails, and JnJ^*.rulc,1for making of the fame abfolute, as to them (hall feem meet, fo as towder^ thecogaizor orcognizors of such bail or bails be not compelled the periods to appear in perfon in any of the faid courts, to juftify him or appearance* themfelves, but the fame may and is hereby direded to be determined by affidavit or affidavits duly taken before the faid commiffioners, who are hereby impowered and required to take the fame, and alfo to examine the fureties upon oath, touching iQfu^n the value of their refpedtive eftates, unlefs the cognizor or cog- f*ved. * nizors of such bail do live within the cities of London and Wejt-mnfter, or within ten miles thereof.

Ill* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Juftices of af-any judge of affize in his circuit (hall qnd may take and receive f|Z? may take all and every such recognizance and recognizances of bailor- 1' bails as any perfon (hall be willing and defirous to make and ac<-knowledge before him, which being tranfmitted in like manner as aforesaid, (hall (without oath) be received in manner as aforo-faid, upon payment of the ufual fees.

IV.  And be it further ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid. Felony for any That any perfon or perfons who (half before any perfon or per- perfon to be

fons TOulinanotbq: man's name.

174 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marine. c.5. [1692,

fons impowered by virtue of this a&, as aforesaid, to takebai] or as Ja. 1. c. »6. bails, reprefent or perfonate any other perfon or perfons, where-by the perfon or perfons fo reprefonted and perionated may be liable to the payment of any. film or fums of money for debtor damages to be recovered in the fame fuit or a&ion, wherein such perfon or perfons are reprefented and perforated, as if they had really acknowledged and entered into the fame, being law. fully convifted thereof, lhall be adjudged, efteemed, and taken to be felons, and fuffer the pains of death, and incur such for* feitures and penalties as felons in other cafes convided or at. tainted do by the law of England lofe and forfeit

CAP. V.

An a£l for granting to their Majefties certain additional portions upon feveral goods and merchandize forth fa cuting the prefent war againfi France.

Impofh 169s. 117 E your Majefties mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the VV commons aflembled in parliament, for a further fuppij of your Majefties extraordinary occafiohs, and the dfcfoal pro fecution of the war againft France, have chearfully and unani-moufly given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto your Majeftie* the additional and other rates, impofitions, h ties and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchant zes to be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion ot Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or from thence exported, as herein after exprefled, during such time, and in feci manner and form as herein after followeth j and do humbh pray your Majefties that it may be enabled :

This aS made 1&- And be it enadted by the King’s and Queen’s mod a* perutiuU by cellent Majefties, by and with the advice and confent of ft ?  1,1 ^or^s fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent pr

ptaledintart l*ament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Tz as to rating there (hall be anfwered and paid to their Majefties and the? goods ad wk- fucceflors, for the feveral goods and merchandizes hcraitc remf by 11 Geo. mentioned, over and above ail impofitions, duties, and charge

1.  c 7. . 1. already impofed and payable upon and for the fame in the bit of rates of merchandize by a£t of parliament eftablifhed, d the direction therein contained or otherwife, the further nta and duties following (that is to fay)

Amber beads,  (i) For every hundred pounds value of amber beads impoft

aol. per tool, ed after the first day of March, one thousand fix hundred niitf| two, and before the first day of March, one thousand fix te? dred nitiety fix, twenty pounds more than the fame are chares with in the faid book of rates, andfo proportionably for a pi Amber rough, er or kfler quantity. (2) For amber rough, imported wida 10I. per tool, the time aforesaid, ten pounds for every hundred poundsvu more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of nft Amber oil, anc* *n proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (3) h jol. per tool, amber oil, or oil of amber, imported within the time aforei^ ten pounds for every hundred pounds value, more thin i

1692.] Anno quarto &quintoGuLiELMi & Maria. C.5.  175

fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (4) For anchovies. Anchovies, jl* the little barrel, not exceeding fixteen pounds of fi(h, imported Per I00‘* within the faid time, for every hundred pounds value, five pounds more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity* f$) For alhes called wood, weed, or foap afhes, imported with- Athes, 6s. per n the faid time, fix (hillings the laft, more than the fame is l**t‘ rharged with in the faid book of rates. (6) For barbers aprons Barbers ind cheques, imported within the faid time, eight pence the aprons, 8d. >iece each, more than the fame are charged with in the faid Piecc->ook of rates. (7) For every hundred weight of battery, Bittery, 5s. >a(hrones, or kettles, (containing one hundred and twelve J°olb. >ounds) imported within the faid time, five (hillings more than he fame are charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in •roportion for any greater or lefler quantity., (8) For every Battery metal, undred weight (containing one hundred and twelve pounds; 51. per ioolb. f metal prepared for battery, imported within the faid time, ve (hillings more than is now paid for the fame by the faid 00k of rates, and fo in proportion as aforefaid. (9) For every Books, 43. per undred weight of books unbound (containing one hundred xoolb. nd twelve pounds) imported within the faid time, four (hil-ngs more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of ttes, and fo in proportion as aforefaid. (10) For black called Lampblack, mp black imported within the faid time, twenty pounds for *°1- P**100^ rery hundred pounds value, more than the fame is charged ith in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any rcater or lefler quantity. (11) For boultel reins imported Boultel reins, ithin the faid time, ten pounds for every hundred pounds va- ,ol‘ Pcr lool‘ le, more than the fame is charged witn in the faid book of tes, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

2) For every grols of bracelets, or necklaces of glafs import- Bracelets,

1 within the laid time, two (hillings and fixpence, *more than 2$. 6d. per .e fame are charged with in the faid book of rates, or by any fisher ftatute now in force. (13) For brafs wrought imported Brafs, 5I. pet ithin the faid time, five pounds for every hundred pounds tool, lue, more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of tes, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. .

4) For buckrams imported within the faid time, five pounds Buckrams, 5I. r every hundred pounds value, more than the fame are charged per xool. th in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any eater or lefler quantity. (15) For buttons of hair imported Hair buttons, thin the faid time, ten pounds for every hundred pounds va- lo1* Per .looI\ 5, more than the fame are charged with in the faid book of es, and fo in proportion for any.greater or lefler quantity, prohibitedL 6) For bridles dreft and undreit, imported within the faid 5 w.&M. le, five pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than c- *0 t fame are charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in ^ >portion for any greater or leflfer quantity. (17) For every jjjYcon° 4*1. □nd of bacon imported within the faid time, four pence, per U>*

0 ba paid from the firjl day of next feJfion> 5 W 6 W. & M. cap. 2.

2  "  ‘  feff.

176  Anno quarto & quinto G ulie lmi & Mari/e. c.5. [1691

Calves (kirn, feft. 4.] (ig) For calves (kins imported within the faid 6m 5I. per tool. five pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than the fam are charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportio Carpets, 5I. for any greater or teller quantity. (19) For carpets of all fan per tool* imported within the faid time, five pounds for every hundn pounds value, more than the fame are charged with in theft book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lei Catlings, 1 Sd. quantity. (20) For every glrofs of catlings and luteftrings in P**1 S*0** ported within the faid time, eighteen pence thegrofe, more tha the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and io i Scotch coals, proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (21) ForccaJ sL per tool. Scotch imported within the faid time, five pounds for every b dred pounds value, more than the fame are charged with in th< faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or Itfe Canes, 11.5s. quantity. (22) For every thousand of canes, called walb per looo* canes, imported within the faid time, five and twenty (hillings!

more than is now paid for the fame, and fo in proportion *1 Rattans, 5s. aforefaid. (23) For canes called rattans, imported within tbt per 1000. faid time, five (hillings the thousand more than is now paid la Copper,7».6d. the fame, and fo in proportion as aforefaid. (24) For even per ioolb. hundred weight of copper, called rofe brick, copper coyn, ani all cad copper (containing one hundred and twelve pounds) imported within the faid time, seven (hillings and fix pence mart than the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and b Copperplates, in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity. (25) For even sss. 6d. per hundred weight of copper, part wrought, as plates, baruo^ or raifed (containing one hundred and twelve pounds) impend within the faid time, twelve (hillings and fixpence more than now paid for the lame, and fo in proportion for any greaterar lefler quantity. (26) For every hundred weight of copper fair wrought, 17s. wrought (containing one hundred and twelve pounds) impest* 6d. per ioolb. ed within the faid time, feventeen (hillings and fix pence ran than is now paid for the fame, and fo in proportion as aforc&L Coral, sol. per (27) For coral beads, and all poliflied coral imported tool.  the faid time, twenty pounds for every hundred pounds

more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of

Cotton manu- an<* *n ProPcrt^0n f°r any  or lefler quantity. (28)

fa&ures, 5u *11 manufactures of cotton only (except dimity) not bnr per took from Eaft India or China, imported within the faid time, pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than the are charged witn in the faid book of rates, and fo in pro] Couries, 10I. for any greater or lefler quantity. (20) For every hu: per tool. pounds value of couries imported within the faid time,

. pounds more than is now paid for the fame, and fo in pro| Elephants tion as aforefaid. (30) For elephants teeth imported withirt Teeth,10I.per faid time, ten pounds for every hundred pounds value, t 100I.  than the fame are charged with in the faid book of rates,

Flax rough, f° m proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (21)

5I. per tool.* flax rough imported within the faid time, five poundsfore hundred pounds value, more than the fame is charged tlie faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any gresf

ioolb.

Copper

1692.] Aimo quarto &quiiitoGuuELMi& Marine, c.5.  177

lefler quantity. (3a) For flax drefled or wrought, imported Flax wrought, within the (aid time, fifteen pounds for every hundred pounds ■sV P*1*XGo1* value, more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and lb in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

[33) For every hundred pounds value of tow imported within Tow, sl.per he faid time, five pounds more than the fame is charged with iool. is aforesaid, and fo in proportion as aforeiaid. (34) For every Flannel, id. rard of flannel imported within the faid time, two pence more per yard, han the fame is charged With in the faid book of rates. (35) Fme, 3d. ror every yard of firiae imported within the faid time, three h^Pcnn3r P** >cnce halfpenny more than the fame is charged with in the faid yard*

K>ok of rates. (36) For every hundred pounds value of furs For*, 5L per >f all forts imported within the faid time, five pounds more iool. han the fame are charged with in the faid bopk of rates, and b in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (37) For Gold thread, pld and filver thread, and wire counterfeit, imported within &c. 5). per he faid time, five pounds for every hundred pounds value,l0Q^ nore than the lame are charged with In the faid book of rates,

;nd fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (38) Goats hair, •'or every pound of goats hair, called carmenia wooll, imported Canmms,^d9 vithin the faid time, four pence more than the fame is charged P*1*lb# nth in the faid book of rates. (39) For every pound of goats lair of any other fort, imported within the fain time, two pence common, id. nore than the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, per lb.

40) For hides of all forts drefled and undrefled (except buff Hides, 5L per nd lolh) imported within the faid time, five pounds for every iool. * tundred pounds value, more than the fame is charged with in he faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or tiler quantity. (41) For every buff hide imported within the Buff, Um per lid time, two Ihillings more than the fame is charged with in piece, he faid book of rates. (42) For every lolh hide imported Lolh hides, vithin the faid time, one (hilling more than the fame is charged lf* P1*** vith in the faid book of rates. (43) For hemp rough imported Hemp, 5L per vithin the faid time, five pounds for every hundred pounds va- iool je, more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of ates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

44) For diamonds, pearls, rubies, emeralds, and all other Diamonds, vl.

jwels and precious (tones imported within the faid time, twenty P®* *ool.

hillings for every hundred pounds value, to be affirmed by the 6«Geo.»#

rath of the importer, in Uftu of all impofitions and duties now c' 7‘

ay able for the feme, and fo in proportion for any greater or

etter quantity. (45) For every pound of indicq or foreign Indico, *d,

plantation, not being of the growth of any of thq dominions Perl^*

>r plantations belongipg to the crown of England, imported

vithin the laid time, four pence more than the lame is charged

vith in the faid book of rates. (46) For every pound of in- Plantation 4n-

lico pf the growth of the dominion's or plantations belonging dico, ad. per*

o the crown of England, imported within the faid time, two lb»

>encc more than the lame is charged with in the faid book of ates. (47) For all iron, iron pot$? kettles, backs for chim- By?& * w. 3. lies* iron flit or hagunored into rods, frying pans, anvil$ c;,70. c 17. ’ VoImIX/  ,N  wrought  Bar ir*a

178 Anno quarto&quintoGuLiELMl&MARlJE. 05. [1691,

wrought, See. wrought Angle, white and black plates, double white and black plates, and all other ironwares imported from Ireland within the duly free. ° time, the lame refpe&ive duties as are laid on iron and iron xW.& M.1T. s. wares imported from any foreign part, by one aft made in the c. 4.  fecond year of their Majefties reign, intituled. An afl for grant-

ing to their Majejlies certain impofttions upon nil Eaft Indiagoods ad manufactures? and upon all wrought filksj and feveral other gni and merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth Lj tj Lattin, 10I. December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety. (48) For lattii per tool* (haven, black lattin, and round bottoms, imported within the * (aid time, ten pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than the lame are charged with in the faid book of rates, and Leather, 5L fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (49) For per tool. leather of all forts imported within the faid time, five pound;

for every hundred pounds value, more than the fame is charged with in the laid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any Lime juice, greater or lefler quantity. (50) For all lime and lemon juict sol. per 100L imported within the faid time, twenty pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than the fame are charged with in the laid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefit Litmus, $1. quantity. (51) For litmus imported within the feme time, per iooI. five pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than the fans is charged with in the laid book of rates, and fo in proportion Lapis calami- as aforefaid. (52) For all lapis calaminaris exported within the aam, il. per fajj time, twenty (hillings for every ton, over and above ill By 7 Sc S W. other duties payable for uie fame, and fo in proportion for any

j.  c. \o.f. it. greater or lefler quantity. (53) For madder of all forts import. */. mA/MTbe ed within the faid time, five pounds for every hundred pods value, more than the fame is charged with in the faid book i lamLamex-~ ntes> and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantin, ported. (54) For orchal imported within the faid time, five pounds^ Madder, 5L every hundred pounds value thereof, more than the fame a charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion a aforefaid. (55) For pintadoes or calicoc cupboard ciatia, imported within the faid time, and not brought from Eaft Ink .  or China^ five pounds for every hundred pounds value, meet

5L tjian tjlc fame arc charged with in the faid book of rates, d Kteh°°half m proportion as aforefaid. (56) For pitch imported vrkia the laid time, not being of the produft of any of the domino or plantations of the crowq of England or Scotland? one mokt| more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of rata

(57)  For all forts of plate of fiiver, gilt or ungilt, imp^ within the fame time, five pounds for every hundred poaos value, more than the fame is charged with in the faid boot rates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantt

(58)  For rice imported within the faid time, five pounds every hundred pounds value, more than the fame is char? with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for t greater or lefler quantity. (59) For rozin of all fprtsim^ ed within the laid time (except French rozin) not being of i groduft of any of the dominions or plantations belonging

per tool. Orcba), 5I

rtr tool. Geo. 1.1 f. 10.

more than ufual rate.

Silver plate, 5I. per 100I.

Rice, 5I. per sool.

Rozin. tot. per 100k

1692.] ArmoquarCo&qumtoGuLiELMi&MARiJE, c.$.  179

he crown of England or Scotland, ten pounds for every hun-

red pounds value, more than the fame is charged with in the

tid book of rates, and fo in proportion as aforefaid. (60) For Salt, 58. per

irery weigh of lilt imported within the faid time (except such

Jt as (hall be ufed iii curing of fUh) five (hillings more than

le lame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in be paid, fee

roportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (61) For (ilk 1 Geo. 1. c.10.

irown of all torts, into the gum, imported within the faid  fik

me, five pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than ;j rar iooL*

ie fame is charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in 5

oportion for any greater or lefler quantity. (62) For every Wrought filk,

>und of (ilk wrought, other than alamodes and luftrings, im- m. per lb.

irted within the faid time, two (hillings more than the fame

charged with in the faid book of rates, or by an a& of this

efent parliament made in the fecond year of their Majefties

ign, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefiies certain im- *

Htions upon all Eaft India goods and manufafturcs, and upon all c*

•ought Jilts, and feveral other goods and merchandize, to be im-wted after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand hundred and ninety.  (63)  For  filk ferret or floret, imported Silk ferret,

thin the faid time, one moiety more than the fame is charged half more than th in the faid book of rates. (64) For (kins of all forts im- 5^ r*[e* rted within the faid time, five pounds for every hundred I00|/ 5 ^ unds value, more than the fame is charged with in the faid ak of rates, and to in proportion for any greater or lefler intity. (65) For all tarr imported within the faid time, not Tarr, half ng of the product of any of the dominions or plantations mo1^tban onging to the crown of England or Scotland, one moiety more.ufua ***** in the fame is charged with in the faid book of rates. (66) Ticks, 5I. per r ticks and tickins (except Scotijb ticks and ticking) imported I0°i*

:hin the fame time, five pounds for every hundred pounds ue, more than the fame is charged with in the faid book of es, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.

0 For every dozen pounds of thread outnel imported within Thread out-faid time, Four (hillings more than the fame is charged with nel, 4s. per the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greaterdozcn ^ lefler quantity. (68) For all tapiftry and dornix imported Tapi dry, &c. bin the faid time (except such as are manufactured in, or 10I. per 10ok ught from, any part of the French king’s dominions) ten tnds for every hundred pounds value, more than the fame harged with in the faid book of rates, and to in proportion, any greater or lefler quantity. (69) For all wrought incle Inkle wrought >orted within the faid time, one moiety more than what is v paid for the fame. (70) For all pantiles imported within Pan-tiles, 8s. laid time, eight (hillings the thpufand more than the fame P*r tho'“and* charged with in the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion iforefaid. (71) For all forts of dying wood imported with- Dying wood, he faid time, (except red wood from Guiney, drugs and log- 51-P«r l0°l*

>d) five pounds for every hundred pounds value, more than * Gj!°- tmc# fame are charged with in die faid book of rates, and fo in *5# *,0’ portion for any greater or lefler quantity. (72) For all wax wax,.5!, per

N 2  called  tool*

180  Anno quarto &quintoGuLiELMi&Maria: c.£ [16^

called bees wax, imported within the fakl time, five pounds fa every hundred pounds value, more than the fame is charged with m the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for anj French wine, greater or lefler quantity. (73) For every tun of French vu* tl. per tun. imported within the faid time, eight pounds above all duties 4 ^*£2* rca^y charged thereupon in the laid book of rates, or by aj

rr the duties on 0*c,p kw, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler qua* rench wines, tiry. (74) Upon all French goods and merchandize (except fee 7 & 8 w. 3. wine, brandy, fait, and vinegar) which (hall be imported witi-cao. 1 Geo.I. *m the laid tune, five and twenty pounds for every hundred ttat. ».c. 1*. . p0unds vajuc thereof, more than the lame are charged wkhia French goods, the faid book of rates, and fo in proportion for any greater ok tj). per 100L lefler quantity, (75) For all filks called alamodes and ki/trss^ By 1 Geo. a. imported witnin the faid time, from any ports or places vba&J f 1. a. French cvcr» ^tccn pounds for every hundred pounds value, um wine itef/half than is paid for the fame by any law now in force. (76) For pen as nvtm.. all lattin, brafs, or copper wire, imported within the faid tim^ Sulu, 15I. per fix (hillings the hundred weight (containing one hundred id I^utin 6a. twelve pounds) above all other duties payable for the faux, per too lb. (77) Upon all goods and merchandizes not particularly ratd Goods not in in the faid book of rates, paying duty at value, imported with the book of in the laid time, five pounds for every hundred pounds vahi ntm*  thereof, to be affirmed upon the oath of the importer, accord

ing to the direction of the faid book of rates 3 except mum, zjs such goods and merchandizes as are particularly charged bythi • W. he M.  or an aft of this prefent parliament, intituled. An aSfi

mu ±. granting to their Majefties certain impofitions upon all Eaft Inis gooods and manufahlures^ and upon all wrought Jdks, and jeon other goods and merchandizes, to be imported after the five cnd&r* tietb day of December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety. (;j| Brandy Angle, For every gallon of firong water. Aqua vita, or brandy, cor,* as. per gallon, monly called Jingle brandy or ftrong waters, imported within: .4 laid time, to be paid by the importer before landing, two til-lings over and above the duties of excife and cuftoms it ^ time before the fecond year of their Majefties reign payable the fame, r Intended of duties payable by ftatute in force, 5 W i Brandy dou- capm 2.j  (79)  For  every gallon of ftrong waters, IpifA

V*r or brandy above proof, called double brandy, imported wru •  the faid time, to be paid by the importer before landing, fcj

(hillings over and above the duties of excife and cuftoms air* time before the fecond year of their Majefties reign payables the fame. [Intended of duties payable by ftatute in force. ib*4 Tax upon III. And whereas by one aft made in the Jecondyear of their jL * w- jefiies reign, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties < taken away!°* vera* additional duties of excife upon beer, ale, andothe.

quors, for four years, from the time that an aft for doub’: the duty of excite upon beer, ale, and other liquors, dur: the fpace of one year, doth expire, it is amongft other thin: afledj that for every gallon of Jingle brandy, fpirits, or Aqua rj imported from beyond the Jeasy Jhouli be paid by the importer I* landsqg, over, andobovc the duties payable for the fame, four Jhi&\

»

r692.] Anno quarto&quintoGuLiELMi&MARi a. C.5.  181

vtd for wiry gallon of brandy* fpirits* or Aqua vitae, above proof ommotdy called double brandy, imported from beyond the feas* bould be paid by the importer before landing* over and above the duxes payable for the fame* eight Jbittings; be it enadted by the au-hority aforefiud, that the faid two claufes laft recited in the faid dt mentioned, concerning fingle brandy, (pints, ox Aqua vita* nd brandy, fpirits. Or Aquavit a* above proof, called double brandy* re and (hall be, from the first day of March* one thousand fix lundred ninety two, repealed j any thine; in the (aid lad men-toned adt to the contrary notwithftanmng.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That the feveral Rates afore- * ites and impofitions, hereby impofed upon the refpedtive goods mentioned

ad merchandizes aforesaid, (hall be colledted and paid according

\ the refpedtive rates and proportions herein exprefled, and be

lifed, levied, colledted, and paid unto their Majefttes during

ie time before mentioned, except where it is otherwife hereby

iredted, in the lame manner and form, and by such rules,

leans, and ways, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as

e mentioned and exprefled in one adt of parliament, made in

ie twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in-

ruled, AJubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage* and - % t -

her fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported* *1#

id the rules, diredtions, and orders thereunto annexed, or

ly other law now in force, relating to the colledtion of their

[ajefties cuftoms : which faid adt and ads, and every article,

le, and claufe therein contained, (hall (land and be in force

r the purposes aforesaid, during the continuance of this adt.

V.  And be it further enadted, That the feveral rates and duties R^es upon xm throng water. Aqua vita* or brandy, commonly called brandv howto gle brandy, or ftrong water, ahd upon ftrong water, fpirits, or be colfeded. andy above proof, called doubly brandy* (hall be raifed, levied,

•liedted, and paid unto their Majeities, their heirs andfuccefiors,

(ring the time before mentioned in the fame manner and rm, an^ by such rules, means, and ways, and under such nalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled, and dieted in one adt of parliament made in the twelfth year of the ign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An adt for i*Car.s.c.i4« \tng away the court of wards and liveries* and tenures in Capite, i by knights Jervice* and purveyance* and for fettling a revenue on bis Majtjty in lieu thereof; and alfo in another adt of par-ment made in the fifteenth year of his reign, intituled. An c ditionaladt for the better ordering and colliding the duty of excife* s d preventing the abufes therein, or in either of them, or in any her law now in force relating to the revenue of excife.

VI.  And be it further enadted. That for all additional duties Merchant to reby impofed upon the aforementioned goods and merchan- give fecurity zes to be imported as aforesaid, the importer, giving fecurity ^ Wa

the cuftom houfe, (hall have time, not exceeding twelve prone. onths, for the payment of the fame from the importation, to rebatedfor ■ paid by four equal and quarterly payments; or in cafe such prefent pay-iportcr mall pay ready money, he (hall have after the rate ofmtnt-

N 3  ton

Brandy imported in veflels not 60 gallons forfeited.

i&2>  Anno quarto SrquiptoGuLiELMr&MARijE. 0*5. (1692.

ten pounds per centum of the faid duty for a year abated to him, and if the goods and merchandizes aforementioned, imported a* aforesaid, for which the duties hereby granted, paid or fe-1% r t 1 curc<lat the importation thereof, be again exported by any mer-aUnbuiuntbs c^ant Englijb, within twelve months, or by ftrangers within enlarged to nine months after the importation, then the aforefaid duty (hJ three yean, by be wholly repaid, or the 1‘ecurity vacated, as to what (hall be 7 Geo. 1.flat. 1. fQ exported, except all brandy, for which the aforefaid duty (hall not be repaid.

Rebate to ex- VII. Provided neverthelefs. That the feveral duties charge! j*rt1fr by this a<ft upon all amber beads, amber rough, coral beads,

' r • * c* and polifhed coral, and all cowries, (hall be repaid to theme-chant exporting the fame within three years after the importation thereof; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.  And for preventing the frauds frequently ufed in importing of ftrong water, fpirits, Aqua vita, or brandy, in final! quantities, whereby the fame is more eafily conveyed away without payment of the duties thereof; be it enacted. That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, one tbou-fand fix hundred ninety three, no brandy, fingle or double, (hall be imported from parts beyond the feas, in any vefiel or cafk, which (hall not contain fixty gallons at the leaft, upon pain of forfeiting the faid brandy, or the value thereof, fo to be imported as aforesaid, whereof one half (hall be to their Ms-jetties, and the other half to such perfons as (hall inform orb for the fame, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in ay of their Majefties courts of record at tVeJiminfler, wherein to efloin, wager of law, or prote&ion (half be allowed, nor any snore than one imparlance.

IX.  And be it further ena&ed. That all and every the oSce and officers, who (hall be concerned in levying the duties oiling by this adt, do keep a feparate and didtindt account thereof, and pay the fame in fpecie into their Majefties exchequer weekly; and upon negledt and refufal of the fame, every officer offending (hall be forejudged from, and fhall forfeit his place or ofia

aW.&M.ff.*. X. And whereas by the faid aft, intituled, an aft for granting c. 4.  to  their Majefties certain impofitlons on all Eafi India goods and

merchandize, and upon all wrought filks, and upon farm) other goods and merchandize, to be imported after the fa? and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ad ninety, the fum of ten pounds is impofed on every hundred paste value of grocery ware and drugs, wherein the feveral forts of raijx. mentioned in the faid book of rates, are included, and fiiewife tbejx of five pounds for every hundred pounds value of currants, whid. fad by experience to leJJ'enthe importation thereof: Wherefore fa remedy thereof, and the encouragement of merchants to import New duties *^e kid g'oods, be it enadted, That from and after the ffte ari /aid,by 1 Ann* twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety and c. jr.  three,  and thenceforth, during the continuance of the faid a*

tte

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer weekly.

The fum bf 5I. per tool, upon raifins, and &1.10s.

m6$2.] Aimoquarto&quintoGuLl£LMi&MA&i^. €*5.  183

the Aim of five pounds only (hall be paid for every hundred pounds value of raifins of. any fort to be imported after the faid time, over and above the rates thereon charged in the laid book of rates: and fifty (hillings, and no more, for every hundred pounds value of currants imported after the faid time, and thenceforth during the continuance of the laft mentioned a61, over and above .the rates chaxged thereon in the faid book of ates (the laid ad, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding) the fame to be collected as in and by the aid ad is direded and appointed.

XI.  And whereas by the faid book of rates a value is impofed on The length

very piece of calico, without mention  the length whereof such piece and breadth

build confiji; be it further enaded, That no piece of calico mported from and after the first day of March, one thousand 1

ix hundred ninety two, during the continuance, of the faid laft ecited ad, of the breadth of one yard and a quarter, or under, hall exceed in length ten yards, and no piece of calico imported after the (aid time, during the continuance of the faid d, above that breadth, (hall exceed fix yards; and if any iece of calico (hall exceed those lengths, the fame (hall be sued according to the refpedive length of ten yards, and fix ards for each piece, and pay for the lame in that proportion ye a greater or teller quantity, according to the fum rated upon ach piece of calico in the faid book of rates; and that the ibfidy, as well the additional duties upon callicoes by the ud laft recited ad appointed, (hall be colleded and paia ac-curding to that admeasurement of each piece of calico ib im-orted from and after the (aid time, and not otherwife; any ling in the faid book of rates or in the faid ad to the contrary otwithftanding.

XII.  And for the better afcertaining, explaining, and fettling Meafure of ic meafures of Eaft country linen, be it enaded, That all

nen of Pruffta, Polonia, or any part of the Eaft countiy (ex- Uncn fcltledt tpt Ruffia) above the breadth of three quarters and half quar- -sr of a yard, (hall pay as broad Germany linen, during the sntinuance of the faid laft recited ad ; and all whited hinder-inds from the fame countries, under that breadth, (hall pay uring the faid time, as narrow Eaft country linen.

XIII.  And whereas by one aft made in the first yaar of their 1 W.&M.1S

dajefties reign, intituled, An ad for the charging and colleding *•c* 6-  .

le duties upon coffee, tea, and chocolate, at the cuftom to

oufe, it is enafted, >that from and after the five and twentieth day I00lb. Cocos.

r December, -one thousand fix hundred eighty nine, five pounds and nuts to 6d.

velve JbiUings Jball be paid for every hundred weight of coffee im- Per Tea to

orted into any parts within this kingdom, dominion of Wales, or chocolate is!

mm of Berwick upon Tweedy accounting one hundred and twelve

9unds to the hundred weight, over and btfides what was then paid See ibtwte on

r payable for the fame, at the cuftom houfe; and for every hundred » ^ & kL

wight of cocoa nuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, eight

ounds and eight JbiUings, over and befides what was then paid for ™XOu ’ * ,

be fame, at the cuftom houfc-, and for every pound weight of tea 18 Geo. »•

X 4  imported  c.

. 184 Afmoquliti&quintoGlTLlELMI&MARL®. c.5. [1691.

imparted five /hillings; and for every pound weight of chocolate read! made five /hillings, over and befides what was then charged on tea or chocolate refpefliveh, at the cuftom houfe; which duties are fo exzefiwe, that few of the Jaid goods or merchandizes have been entered at the cuftom houfe fince the making of the find aff9 or any duty anfwerd to their Majefiies for the fame : Wherefore for reducing the faid duties to a more reafonabte rate and impofition, for the encouragement and advancement of trade, and the greater imports, tion of the faid refpedive goods a$d merchandizes, be it enacted, That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thou(and fix hundred ninety and three, there uniI be anfwered and paid unto their Majefties for every hundred weight of coffee imported, containing as aforesaid, during the continuance of the laid laft mentioned aft, the fum of fix 2nd fifty (hillings, and no more: and for every pound of cocos nuts imported from any of the dominions or plantations belonging to the crown ot England, after the (aid time, during the continuance of the faid ad, the fum of fix pence, and no more; and from any other countries or places after the hid time, during the continuance of the faid ad, eight’pence: and for every pound of .tea imported after the (aid time, from any place from which it may be by law imported, one (hilling, and no more: and for every pound weight of chocolate ready made, imported after the time aforesaid, during the continuance of the (aid ad, one (hilling, and no more; any thing in the laid M recited ad, or any other matter or thing to the contrary in anr wife notwithftanaing. Provided always, That the rates asj duties hereby appointed to be paid as aforeiaid, for the laid ret pedive merchandizes of coffee, cocoa nuts, tea, and chocolate, lhall be paid, and anfwered to their Majefties, during the continuance of the faid ad, over and above the refpeddve dubs charged or chargeable upon every of them in the laid book c? rates before the making of the faid ad.

Ahmodes XIV. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority im- aforefaid^ for the better encouragement of the manufa&ure of plain filks, called ahmodes and htftrings, in this kingdom, none of the (aid, foreign filks (hall be imported into this kingdom after the five and twentieth day of Afarchy one thousand tx hundred ninety three, but upon notice first riven to the coa-miffioners or farmers of their Majefties cultoms for the me. being, of the quality and quantity, with marks, numbers, package, of such filks fo intended to be imported, with the name of the (hip and mafter or commander, on which they arc to be laden, and the place into which they intend to import the fame, and taking a licence under the hands of the commiiliorr ers or farmers for the time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid, which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee c reward, or any other charge, to the perfons demanding the fame; any law, cuftom* or ufage to the contrary notwhh-

Handing.

i6ga.] Anno quarto& quinto Guliklmi & MaRi/e. c.5. 185

Sanding: and in cafe any of the faid goods {hall be imported without such notice being first given, and licence taken out, as aforesaid, the feme {hall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the ufe of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall feize or fue for the feme in any of their Maj cities courts of record at JVejlminfter, wherein no e/loin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XV.  Provided always, and be it edaCted by the authority a-forefaid. That the officers of the cuftoms {hall not take or receive from the merchant exporting any of the commodities chargeable by this or any other aCt with any additional duties, above what is chargeable by the book of rates, any fee or reward for palling any debenture for repayment of the duties to be paid back on exportation, according to the feid a<5ts, but {hall only receive fiich fees as were payable for debentures for the repayment of the half fubfidy,'according to the book of rates, and no more: nor (hall any fee or reward be taken for any oath to be adminiftred at any cuftom houfe upon this aCh

XVI.  And whereas by an afi made in the third year of their Ma~ 3 W. & M. c.i.

jejlies rtign, intituled,An aft for granting to their Majefties cer- That collect tain impofitions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for one year, *°rtnot it is enabled, That notottefior, fupervifor,  , or other officer,

tonterned in the charging,  coBefitng, or managing the duty of  , and (hall give

(ball either by  letter, mtjjagt, or word of mouth, endeavour to per- notea of their

conti-

/wade any eleftorto give, or diffwadt any elefior from giving his *“§*•» vote for arty perfon or per font that Jhall be in nomination to be defied nued’ a member or members ofparliament: and whereas by the faid afi it is further declared and enafied. That true notes in writing gauges, made or taken by the faid gaugers, (ball be left by them with all brewers, makers, or retailers of beer, ale, or other exciftable liquort refpefiively, or fome of their fervants, at the time of their taking the faid gauges, containing the quantity and quality of the liquors ft gauged, under the fevered penalties in the fad afi  j  be  it  declared

and enaCted, That the faid aCt, fo far as relates to elections of members to ferve in parliament, and leaving true notes in writing of the laft gauges made or taken by the feid gaugers, with the feveral penalties refpeCtively relating thereunto, be, from and after the first day of March next, hereby revived, and (hall continue and be in force during the continuance of this aCt, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and 10 longer.

XVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, cianfe of ere-Fhat it (hall and may be lawful to ana for any perlon or per- dit for ons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to ad- $*0,0001. ranee and lend to their Maiefties into the receipt of their Exche-mer, upon the credit of this aCt, any fum or fums of money lot exceeding the fum of five hundred and ten thousand pounds n~ the whole j and to have and receive, for the forbearance of ill such monies as (hall be lent, intereft not exceeding the rate >f eight pounds per centum per annum.

XVIII.  And

Money to be paid into the Exchequer weekly.

A particular book to be kept, tallies how to be

186 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marije. c.5. [169a,

XVIII.  And be it farther eitaded and ordained by die authority aforesaid, That all and every the officer and officers, who (hall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arifing by this ad, do keep a feparate and diftind account thereof, and pay the fame in fpecii into the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer weekly on JVednefiay in every week, unlefs it be an holiday, and then the* next day after which (hall not be an holiday; and upon negled or rerafal of the fame (hall incur the penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, as other the offices of the Exchequer herein after mentioned (hall be liable to; which moneys fo paid in, (hall be applied to the ufes hereafter mentioned in this aft, and no otherwife. •

XIX.  And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in their Majefties Excht-

_________ quer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of the receipts,

givenTrcgiftcr one book, in which all monies, that (hall be paid into the Ex-to be in courfe chequer by virtue of this ad, (hall be entred and regiftred apart Pn~ and diftind from all other monies paid or payable to their Ma-* jefties upon any account whatfoever; and that all and every «  perfon  and  perfons,  natives  or foreigners, bodies politick* or cor-

porate, who (hall lend any money to their Majefties upon the credit of this ad, and pay the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer 9 (hall immediately have a talley of loan (truck, for the fame, and an order for his or their repayment, bearing die fame date with the talley; in which order (nail be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance, not exceeding the rates aforesaid, for his or their confide ration, to be paid every three months, until repayment of his or their principal $ and that all orders for repayment of money (hall be regiftred in courfe, according to the date of the talley refpedively, withom preference of one before another$ and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftred in the faid book, fb as that the perfan, native or foreigner, his, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders fei entred in the faid book, (hall be taken and accounted as the firil perfon to be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue of this ad; and he or they, who (hall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fccond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in by this ad (hall be in the fame order Babk to the fatisfadion of the faid refpedive parties, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fucceffively, without preference or one before another* and not otherwile, and not to be divertibk to any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever | and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredly or indiredly, be demanded cr taken of any of their Majefties fubjeds for providing or makif^ any such books, regifters, entries, view or fearch as aforefri^ or in or for the payment of money lent, or the intereft as afarr-faid, by any of their Majefties officer or officers, their clerks of deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the parry

grievrf

ifyz.\ Anno‘quarto & qumtoGuLfBLMl & MAkim. c. 5. 187

grieved by the party offending, with cofts of fidt; or if the officer himfidf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to k»fo his place alfo. And if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this a ft, by any such officer or officers, then die party offending (haH be liable by action of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, damages, and cofts, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged .from his place or office; and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mailer, then such deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to such adtiori, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office. And in cafe the auditor (hall not diredt the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as afore diredfed* then he or they lhall be judged to forfeit, and their refpedtive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such adtiori, debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner as aforeiaid. All which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers aforeiaid, or any their deputies or clerks, Khali and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at Wefininfler, wherein no efibin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed-

XX.  Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it what (hall not happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment as a- be an undue ferefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor preference, of the receipt to be regiftred, then it lhall be interpreted no undue preference which of those he enters foil, fo he enters them all the feme day.

XXL. Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, i^the auditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the teller do pay fuhfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their money, and bring their order, before other perfons that,did not come to demand their money, and bring their order in their courfe, foas there be fo much money referved as will fetisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for. them.

XXII.  And be it further toadied by the authority aforeiaid. Money in the That every perfon or perfons, to whom any monies (nail be due Exchequer by virtue at this adt, after order entred in the book of regifter how aforefeid for payment thereof, his executors, adminiftrators, or over* affigns, by inclorfement of his order, may alfigri and transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of receipt aforeiaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the boo^ of regifter aforefaid for orders (which the officers lhall, upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly

make)

1,1*6,5161 ios.app atedout year's tax to the nary

Ante, c.t.

188 Anno quarto & quin to Gixlielmi & Maria. C.5. [1692,

make) (hall indtle such aflignee, his executors, -adminiftrators, and affigns to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon: arid such affignee may in like manner affign again, and lo fit-ties ; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such perfon or perfons, who have or hath made such affignments, to make void, teleafe, or difeharge the lame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXIII.  And be it eroded by the authority aforesaid, That

1.  approprj- out of the money which (hall be levied and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon loan as Otherwife, by virtue of r  this ad, or any other ad of this feffion of parliament for grant-

ing aids or fupplies to their Majefties (other than an ad, intituled, An oRfer granting to their an cud of four in the pound for one par, for carrying on a vigorous war France) the fum of twelve hundred twenty fix thoufiuid five hundred and fixteen pounds ten (hillings, (hall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated to and for the payment of officers and feamcn trot rove ferved, and (hall ferve in their Majefties navy royal, and for the paying for (lores, ptovifions, and viduals, fupplied and to he fupplied for the (aid navy, and to and for the expences of their Majefties office of otdnanee in refped to naval affairs, and for other neceffiuy ufes and fcrvkes Fnnifhment * performed and to be performed in and for the laid navy, and upon officer not otherwife. And if any officer any way belonging to their milappiying. Majefties revenue, or to the exchequer, navy, or ordnance re-fpe&ively, (hall wittingly and wilfully divert or mifapply any pan of the money hereby appropriated, to any other purpose, than 1 to the ufes hereby directed, contrary to the true intent of this J ad, such officer and officers fo offending (hall forfeit his and their office and place, and is and are hereby difahled and made incapable to hold or execute the faid office, or any other office whatsoever.

Foreign (lores XXIV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it eroded by the an-fold to the na- thority aforefaid. That the new or additional duties itnpofed by SbTdrii this ad, (hall not extend to affcd such foreign (lores as bate 7 ’ been fold to the ufe of their Majefties navy, by contrad with the navy board, before the first day of  one thou land

fix hundred ninety two, fo as a certificate be given from the commiffioners of the navy, that such foreign (lores have been fa v  contracted for by them for their Majefties fervice as'aforefeid, and

fo as the importer of the fame do make oath before the commit doners appointed to manage the cuftoms (which oath they an hereby impowered to admmifter) of the truth of the find eon-trad, and that he will deliver the (aid goods into their Majeftia (lores, purfuant to the contrad fo certified by the commiffioo* ers of the navy.

An oath to be XXV. Ana as well that the revenue of the cuftoms may be taken by the more duly and regularly anfwered, as to render the feveral im-

bLtv%pSenl I

their Majefties 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a$ well the commiffioners as the patent officers, and an?

c*

169*0 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marijc. C.6,7. 189

of their deputies, clerks, or fervattts, who have or (hall have any employment in or about their Majefties cuftoms, (hall before the nineteenth day of April next, or at their refpeftive ad-millions hereafter to such'employment, take their corporal oaths for the true and faithful execution, to the bed of their knowledge and power, of their feveral trulls and employments committed to their charge and infpeftion, and thfet they will not take or receive any reward or gratuity, dircftly or indirectly, other than their respective falanes, and what is or (hall be allowed them from the crown, or the regular fees eftablifhed by law, for any fervice done or to be done in the execution of their employment in the cuftoms upon any account whatfoever.

CAP. VI.

An a£ for railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thoufhnd fix EXP. hundred ninety and three, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. VII.

Amo# to prevent abufes committed by the traders in butter and cbeefc.

FORASMUCH as divers countries of this kingdom confift chief} of dairy farms, and are in great meafure Jupported by the fale of hitter and chiefs, the growth and product of the fame j. and by an aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefy King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for reforming  14Car.s.

abufes in the weighing and falfe packing of butter, the weight thereof is afeertednei* ana the goodnejs of the butter is fecured* under the pains and penalties therein mentioned: and whereas the cheefemon-gers of London, their faftors or agents (without any authority) have appointed in all or moft of the fea port towns in the faid counties a certain officer, called a weigher, who oftentimes, feveral weeks after the chcefe and butter hath been bought and approved by the fac~ tors and agents of the faid cheefemongers at the feller*s houfe, have taken upon them (without any authority) to weigh and fearcb the faid butter when the fame comes to the fea ports to be flipped, and there pretend tint the fame is faulty, and fet rates of deduction thereupon* and gwe notes thereof to the factors who bought such butter; and when the faftor comes to Pay the feller for the fame, they demand an abatement accordingly, which if the feller refu/etb to allow, there aro frequent indiftments or informations exhibited againff the fellers, upon the faid aft of the fourteenth of the faid late King, and great oppref-Jms have been ana are daily committed, to the great lofs and damage $f divers land owners andfarmers in the faid counties, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft: for prevention whereof,

II.  Be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Seller of but* majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- ter, Set. dif-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That after the “ ^"car.a. faftor or buyer hath bought and contracted for the faid commo- c.»6. after tbs dity, and approved the fame at the feller’s hpufe, or the place buyer hath where he expofes the lame fo fale, by fcarching and weighing

the the commo*

dity.

Penalty upon feller changing, See. the commodity after ibid.

190 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marijs. c.7. [1692.

the fame (if be think fit) the feller (hall not after be charged, or chargeable with, or liable to, any of the penalties in the laid recited aft of the fourteenthyear of the (aid late King Charks the Second mentioned or inmfted, upon any pretence of want of weight, falfe parting, or mouldy butter, or the tare or weight not being fet upon the calk, or otherwife; but from thenceforth fhall be and is hereby difcharged of and from the faid aft j any other law, fiatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.  And for the preventing any fraud in the feller, after the faftor or buyer hath bought and contra&ed for the faid butter, and approved of the fame ; be it further enafted by the authority atorefaid. That the faid faftor or buyer (hall fet his feai or mark upon the faid butter, or the caik in which it is, or his name at length ; and in cafe the fame (hall afterwards be exchanged or be opened, and the cafk wherein the fame is put up changed, or any bad and decayed butter fhall be mixed and packed up with found and good butter, or any other fraud bo committed by the feller, and the offender be thereof convifted upon oath made of the faid offence before one or more of their Majeftiesjuftice or juftices of the peace by one or moft witnefs or witnefles (which oath the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) or upon confcffion of the offender or offenders before such juftice or juftices, the faid party or parties fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for eve-

Sfuch firkin and offence, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of e offender’s goods and chattels, the overplus to be reftomi after all charges of the faid diftrefs defrayed: and every conftabk of the parifh, or chief conftable of the hundred, where such offence (hall be committed, are hereby authorized and required to levy the fame accordingly by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid iuftice or juftices fo to do.

The weighers IV. And to the end the trade for butter and cheefe may not of butter and be ingrafted by particular perfons, but may be free and open to feicToffajfthat ^ perfbns, and efpecially to all the cheefemongers who arc free belongs to the t*lc °f London; be it further enafted by the authority a-London forefaid. That all and every warehoufe-keeper, weigher, fearcher, cheefemong- or fhipper of butter and cheefe, at any port or place in this ers, Sea. kingdom, fhaH receive into his or their pofleffion or warehouJV, all butter and cheefe that fhall be brought to him or them tor any of die cheefemongers free of the city of London, or other perfon making the faid commodities, and fhall take due care thereof until the fame fhall be (hipped, and fhall (hip the faii butter and cheefe fucceflively, as it fhall come to his or their hands refpeftively (without undue preferring one man’s good* before another’s) on the next (hip, or hoy, or veftcl, that fhafl come to such port or place to lade butter or cheefe for Lands* Fee to the (except the owners of the faid goods fhall give orders to the con-weigher.  trary)  and fhall receive for his and their refpeftive care and paint

therein, of the owners of the faid goods, the fum of two (killings and fix pence for every load, and no more, and fo proportionally :

1692.] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marijb. 0.7. 191

tionaUy: and if any such perfon or perforrs, or bis or their fer-vant or fervants, (hall refufe or neglect to receive such goods, or to take due care thereof, or ihall not (hip the faid goods as they come to his or their hands fucceffively as aforesaid, that every such offender and offenders, being thereof convi A in manner as penalty upon aforesaid, (hall forfeit for every firkin of butter ten (hillings, and weighers offer every weigh of cheefe five (hillings, to be leyied in manner fencing, as aforelaid,

V.  And for the prevention of frauds and undue practices Weighers Sec. herein, be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That all ^ pha and every warehoufe-keeper, weigher, fearcher, or (hipper ofj^^rj^ butter and cheefe, in any such port or place, (hall from and af- (hipping the ter the first day of Aprils one thousand fix hundred ninety and butter, &c. three, keep a book, wherein he and they (hall duly and fairly

enter all butter and cheefe that (ball be brought to him or them, as the fame comes to his or their refpeAive hands; in which entry (hail be inferted the time when such goods were received, and the quantity of such goods, and the name of the owner of the fame 5 and (hall make the like entries when the (aid goods are (hipped or put on board, of the time when the fame were (hipped on board, and the matter's name, and the vefieTs name in which the fame are (hipped or put on board, and to whom the fame are configned; which book fo kept (hall be free and Penalty upon open for all perfons to fee and fearch at all times, without pay- conri&ion being any thing for such fearch; and if such warehoufe-keeper, ^orc a 1^“* weigher, fearcher, or (hipper of butter and cheefe, (hall not keep such book as aforesaid, or (hall refufe, negleA, or omit to make such entries therein as aforesaid, or (hall make any undue entries therein (by undue preferring one man’s goods before another) or (hall refiifein the day-time to produce such book to be fearched a9 aforefaid; that every such offender and offenders, being thereof conviA in manner as aforesaid, (hall forfeit for every firkin of butter two (hillings and fix pence, and for every weigh of cheefe two (hillings and fix pence, and for every other the aforefaid offence the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, to be levied in manner as oforefeid: and in cafe such offender or offenders (hall not have goods and chattels fuffident for the levying the faid penalty, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the juttice or juftices, before whom such conviAion (hall be made, to commit such offender and offenders to the gaol without bail or mainprize, there to remain until such penalties (hall be paid and fatisfied.

VI.  And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, penalty upon That if any matter of any (hip, hoy, or veffel coming to such^^ott^hlP port or place to lade butter and cheefe, or his or their fervant or ^Vinfbutter, fervants, (hall refufe to take and receive on board his and their &c. refpeftive veflels any such butter and cheefe as (hall be tendred

to be (hipped by such warehoufe-keeper, weigher, fearcher, or (hipper of butter and cheefe, before the fame be fufliciently laden, that then every such offender and offenders, being thereof conviA in manner aforesaid, ihall forfeit for every firkin of butter

Penalties divided betwixt informer and poor.

Cheefcmon-

19ft Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Maria, c.8. [169*

ter fo refilled five (hillings,* and for every weigh of chcefc fo re-fufed two (hillings and fixpence, to be levied in manner as a-forefaid.

VII.  Provided, That one half of all penalties and forfeitures yided betwixt within this ad (hall be to the ufe of the poor inhabiting within m nrmer ^ parifli where such offence (hall be from time to time committed, to be paid to the churchwardens and overfem of the poor of and in such parifh, and the other half to the infonncr, to be diftributed by the faid juftice or iuftiCes before whom tho offender or offenders (hall he convided.

VIII.  Provided always. That this ad, nor any thing therein

make ufe of** conta*ncd* (hall extend to exclude any chcefemonger or cbcde-their own vef- mongers, free of the city of London* from fending his and their feIs.  own proper veflels for his and their own proper and lefpe&vc

goods ; but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for such person and perfons to fend his and their own proper veflels, or such other veflels as he or they (hall hire and fend from London to freight by charter-party for his and their own refpcdive proper goods, and to and for the warehoufe-keeper at such ports where luch veflels (hall be fent, to (hip'the aforefaid goods on board, and to and for such matters of such veflels, and their fervants, to receive the fame, as he, they, or any of them, could or might have done before the making of this ad.

Warehoufe*, IX. Provided, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend Ac. in Cbefter or be conftrued to extend to any warehoufe which* now is, cr and Lancafter, hereafter (hall be, within the counties of Cbefter or Lmcaftcr, or wved.  within, the county of the city of Cbefter, nor to any veflel or be;: I

at anynlime belonging to, or that (hall come into, any of the ports or havens of any the faid counties.

AppolTwt *• Provided always. That if any perfoa or perfons (hall thirl fromju&ice to him or themfclves aggrieved by the determination of any jufhee feflions, fecu- of the peace, who (hall at any time ad in purfuance of the parity being  ers to him given by this ad, it (hall and may be lawfar to 2r,i

given tor  for such perfon or perfons to appeal to the next general qosrjr

feflions of the peace to be held tor the county, riding, city, r town corporate, where the faid offence (hall be committed", tVl determination of which juflices (hall be final and concluflvc rJ all parties; the perfon fo appealing first giving to the part} k-cufed a bond of the penalty of twenty pounds, with one or ir :c fufticient fureties to the liking of the (aid juftice of peace frorj whom the faid appeal (hall be fo made, to pay such cods to ^ faid party accufed, as the faid court of quarter feflions fhall a* low, in cafe the appellant be not relieved upon his faid appeal; the faid cofts to be fo paid within one month after the hur^j and determining the faid appeal.

CAP. VIII.  I

An aB for encouraging the apprehending of highwaymtK

WHEREAS the highways and roads within the kingdom

land, and dominion of Wales, have been of late time - 1 inf efted with thieves and robbers than formerly, for want of rfw j

cofts.

1692.] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielml&Marine. c.8.  133

fuffcient encouragement given, and means vfed, for the difcovery and opprebenfion of such offenders, whereby fo many murders and robberies have been committed, that it is become dangerous in many parts of the nation for travellers to pafs on their lawful occafms, to the great dif honour of the laws of this realm, and the government thereof: for remedy whereof,

II.  Be it enacted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent J*.eward

majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-  an* high-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament wayman. * affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after

the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall apprehend and take one or more such thieves or robbers, and 2LJLi,% profecutc him or them fo apprehended and taken, until he or 6Geo.i.c.*3» they be convicted of any robbery committed in or upon any £ $• hignway, pafifage, field, or open place, (hall have and receive from the (heriff or (heriffs of the county where such robbery and conviction (hall be made and done, without paying any fee for • the fame, for every such offender fo convicted the (urn of forty pounds, within one month after such conviction, and demand Thereof made, by tendring a certificate to the faid (heriff or (heriffs under the hand or hands of the judge or juftices before whom such felon or felons (hall he conviCled, certifying the conviction of such felon or felons for a robbery done within the county of the laid (heriff or (heriffs, and al(o that such felon or felons was or were taken by the perfon or perfons claiming the faid reward $ and in cafe any difpute (hall happen to arife between the perfons fo apprehending any of the laid thieves and robbers touching their right and title to the faid reward, that then the faid judge or juftices, fo refpeCtively certifying as a-forefaid, (hall in and by their faid certificate aireCt and appoint the faid reward to be paid unto and amongft the parties claiming the fame, in such (hare and proportions as to the faid judge or juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable. And if it (hall happen any such (heriff or (heriffs (hall die, or he removed before the expiration of one month after such conviction and demand made of the (aid reward (not being paid as aforefaid) that then the next fucceeding (heriff or (heriffs of the faid county (hall pay the fame within one month after demand and certificate brought as aforefaid : *nd if default of payment of the faid fum or fums of money (hall happen to be maae by any (heriff or (heriffs, such (heriff or (heriffs fo making default (hall forfeit to the perfon or perfons, to whom such money ia due as afore£id, double the fum or fums of money he ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, in How to be re* any of their Majefties courts of record at Wejiminjlery by aCtion covered, of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein but one imparlance, and no effoin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, with treble cofts of fuit by him or them expended in the recoveiy of the fame*

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall happen to be killed by any such robber or robbers,

Vcl.IX.  O  eo-

194 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mari*. C.8. [1692,

endeavouring to apprehend or in making purfuit after him or Executors,&c. them, that then the executors or adminiftrators, or suchperfon of perfons kill- or perfons to whom the right of adminiftration of the perioral •jj  cftate of each perfon fo killed (hall belong (upon certificate Aeli-

the reward. vcre<| under the hands and feals of the judge or juftices of afliw for the county where the fa£t was done, or the two next juftices of the peace, of such perfon or perfons bring fo killed, which certificate the faid judge or juftices, upon fufneient proof before them made, are immediately required to give without fee or re-ward) (hall receive the fum of forty pounds from the lheriff or fheriffs of the county where the faid fadt was done and commir. ted, and upon failure of payment thereof by the faid lheriff or Iheriffs, double the faid fum of forty pounds to be recovered a-gainft him or them with treble coils of fuit, in manner and fora as aforefaid.

Sheriffs (hall IV. And it is hereby further enabled, That all fheriffs, their be allowed it executors, or adminiftrators, upon producing such refpedtive in their ac- certificates, and the receipts for the money by them paid in pur-counts. fuance of this adl, (hall be allowed, and are hereby impowered to deduct, upon their accounting with their Majeflies, their heirs, and fuccelfors, all monies (other than the double fum and fums of money, and colls of fuit) which they fhall difburfc as aforesaid, without any fee pr reward whatfoever.

Sheriff not  V. Provided always. That if, upon the account of any lheriff

having fuffi- or Iheriffs, there fhall not be monies fufficient in the hands of ** **• such fheriff or fheriffs to reimburfc him or them such mom treafury! * Paic* bim or t^iem by virtue of this adt, that then the fheriff See aIfo$ Gee. or fheriffs, having fo paid the faid monies, fhall have the fine

1.  c.15. f.+* repaid by the lord treafurer or commiffioners of their Majefra treafury for the time being, out of the revenue of the cro*a, upofi certificate from the clerk of the pipe to that cffedl Highway- VI. And it is hereby further enabled. That all and every per-man's horfe, fon anj perfons Who (hall fo take, apprehend, profecute, cc the appre- convidt such robber or robbers as aforesaid, as a further rewsri bender! fhall have and enjoy to his and their proper ufe and behoof iat horfe, furniture, and arms, money, or other goods of the a* robber or robbers that fhall be taken with him or them; n their Majeflies right or title, bodies politick or corporate, or th right or title thereunto of the lord of any manor, liberty, or franchife, or of him or them lending or letting the fame to fa to any such robber or robbers, in any wife notwithftanfe Provided always. That this claufe, or any thing therein obtained, fhall not be conftrued to extend to take away the I*; of any perfon or perfons to such horfes, furniture and ariN money, or other goods, from whom the fame were before k* lonioully taken.

Pcrf°*) wn- VII, And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or p* wimr two f°ns» *x\ng out of prifon, fhall from and after the faid it others par- and twentieth day or March, commit any robbery, and alb doned. wards difeover two or more perfon or perfons, who alrert hath or hereafter (hall commit any robbery, fo as two or

1692.] Anpo quarto fc quinto GuuELMr & Mari*<&. C.9.' 195

of the perfon or perfons difcovercd (hall be convided of such robbery, any such difcoverer (hall himfelf have, and is hereby intitled to, the gracious pardon of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, for all robberies which he or they (hall have committed at any time or times before such difcovery made; w£ich pardon (hall be likewife a good bar to any appeal brought for any such robbery.

CAP. IX.

An ad for reviving two former ads of parliament, for the repairing the highways in the county of Hertford.

WHEREAS there was an aft of parliament made in the fif *5 Car*lk CI< teenth year of the reign of our late fiver eign lord King Charles tie Second, intituled, An a£t for the repairing the highways within the counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntingdon, to be in force for the fiace of eleven years from the commencement thereof: end whereas there was afterwards one other ati of parliament made in the Jixteentb and fiventeenth years of the reign of the fiid late King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for continuance of a former

act, for repairing the highways within the county of Hertford, 16 & 17.Car.*; bub which find ads are jome years paft expired» and the highways c* ,0‘ within the find county ^Hertford, intended by the fiid ads to be re-  _  .

paired^ are fince [by great burthens and carriages ufid to pafs through the fame) become dangerous and impajfiible: to the end therefore Furtj>”' ****?• that the faid highways within the county of Hertford (being the ™eQ 6 Ge0i great roads to the north parts of this kingdom) may be fuffi-ciently repaired and amended by the provisions mentioned in the faid ads, the fame being not to be done by the ordinary courts of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, may it pleafe your Majefties that it may be enaded:

II.  And be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excel-Toll at <Vndes lent majefties, by and witn the advice and confcnt of the lords

fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par- 5 y Lament aflembled, That the toll mentioned in the faid ads to be taken at IVades Mill for the county of Hertford be revived, fet up, and taken again, in the manner by the faid ads mentioned, to continue for the fpace of fifteen years from the pairing of this ad, and that the monies thereby arifing be employed for the repair of the faid highways within the faid county of Hertford) according to the tenor of the faid. ads.

III.  Ptovided always, That if the faid highways before the Toll \rhen to r expiration of the faid term of fifteen years be in good and fuffi- ccafc*

cient repair, and an adjudication thereof be made at the afiize or general quarter feflions to be holden for the faid county (as is provided by the faid ftatutes of the fixteenth and feventeonth 16 5c 17 Car.2. years of King Charles the Second) the toll (hall from thence- c*10-forth ceafe and determine, as in the faid ad is direded and appointed.

IV.  And it is hereby further enaded and declared by the au- °^"r# and tbority aforeUid, and the feveral officers and peribns impow-

O 2  ered

196 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & MARt£. c.io. [1(92,

ered in and by the faid a&s to the purposes therein mentioned, fo far as may any ways concern or relate to the (aid county of Hertford, (hall from henceforth have the like powers and authorities by virtue of this prefent ad, as they and every of them had by virtue of the faid former ads \ and that all daufe, pro-vifions, penalties, forfeitures, and exceptions whadoever therein mentioned concerning the collecting, paying, ingaging, or ac-counting for the faid toll at Wadis Mill* be from henceforth bj virtue of this ad renewed and put in execution again, during the continuance of this prefent ad, as if they were herein parrb-lady exprefled and repeated. Repealed as to the county Hertford. 6 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. X.

At aft for prohibiting the importation of all foreign best

buttons.

i) Sc 14 Car. *. TX7HEREAS by an off made in the fourteenth year of the nip *1-  y V of his late Majefly King Charles the Second, intituled. An

S°Ann 3c % Pr°Hibitin^ the importation of foreign bone-lac^ cut-work, 4 Geo. 1. c.7. itnbroidery, fringe, band-ftrings, buttons, and needle-work, 7 Gto.i. c.i»*. amongfl other things in the faid aft mentioned, all fornpi baton, made of thread or filk are prohibited to be imported and fold in tbt tig-dom 0/England, or dominion of Wales : and whereas fince the rrd-ing of the faid aft, hair buttons are chiefly ufed and worn, and th button makers 0/* England do make better hair buttons than any at imported from foreign parts, and are able to fupply this kingdom sci? greater quantities of them than they can make ufe of \ yet becaaft he* tops made of hair are not exprefly mentioned in the faid aft (ahk they were thereby intended to be prohibited) many perfons who an ex-mies to the manufafiures of this kingdom, taking advantage of tbtjzi omiflion, do daily import such great quantities of hair buttons, rb the button trade of England is very much decayed, aud many ttz-fands of poor people, that were formerly, kept at work in the fend trdkj are life to perijb for want of employment, and all the other mi}±$ mentioned in the faid aft* which relate to the, button trade, and zn thereby intended to be remedied, are become as great as they were J the time of the making of the faid afl; for redreis whereof, ej the more effectual prevention of the like mifehiefs for tL: future;

Foreign hair II- Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft exceferj button* not to majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords u-beimported, ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliam^ fcc#  aflembled,  and  by  the authority of the fame. That from i:l

after the live and twentieth day of March, in the year of <..) Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, no fore*, buttons made or to be made of hair, nor any other foreign hi tons whatfoever, (hall be imported, brought in, font, or con^ ed into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wain, or par J town of Berwick upon Tweedy or bartered, fold, exchanged, or 4

7692*] Annoquarto & quin to Golielmi & Maria. c.ii»i2. 197

fared to be bartend, fold, or exchanged, upon pain of forfeiting all Penalty, the faid buttons fo imported, brought in, bartered, fold, or exchanged, or offered to be bartered, fold, or exchanged, and upon such further and other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned, contained, and exprefled in the faid recited a#; one moiety of all which forfeitures to be to the ufe of our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, their heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons that (hall fue for the fame in any of their Majefties courts of record, by bill, plaint, a&ion of debt, information, or otherwife, wherein do eftbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

III.  Ana he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Juftice* of That for the preventing the importing, bartering, felling, vend- £owtofeise. ing, or expofing to fue any foreign buttons whatfoever, the p juuices of the peace within me kingdom of  , dominion

of Walt's, or port or town of Berwick upon Tweed, within their feveral and refpe&ive counties, cities, and towns corporate have the feme authority and power, and the fame authority and power is hereby given unto the faid juftices, to iffue forth their warrants, to feize, or caufe to be feized, all foreign buttons whatfoevef, as by the faid a<ft is given unto them for me feizing of foreign buttons made of thread or filk, and other the manufactures in the faid aft mentioned.

CAP. XI.

An aA for examining, taking, and Hating the publkk accounts of this kingdom. EXP. Revived fy5 & 6 W. ScM. c. *j. till April, 1695..

CAP. XII.

An aft to  make parijbioners of the church united contributors

to the repairs and ornaments of the church to whom the union is made.

WHEREAS by cm alt of parliament made in the feventeenth ,7 car. s.c.j.

year of the reign of King Charles the Second of bltjfed memory, pnvifion was made for the uniting churches in cities and towns corporate: and for as much as it is highly rtafonahle that parijbioners of parifbts  wbofechurches are  demolijbed, and either before or afterwards united to other  churches, Jbould be contributors towards the re-

pairs and other parochial charges of fsuh other church, to which by virtue of the faid all they are united:

II.  Therefore be it enaCted by the King’s and Queen’s mod if two excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the churches b« lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par- united, and Lament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That aSwnfthe™ where any churches heretofore have been, or hereafter (hall be, parittdonertof united by virtue of the faid a£t, and one of the faid churches fo that church united was, at me time of such union, or (hall afterwards be ihall pay to-detnoltfhed, that in all such cafes, as often as the church whioh was or (hall be made the church prefentative, and to which the [he other! union was or (hall be made, (hall be out of repair, or there (hall, be need of decent ornaments for the performance of divine fer-

O 3  vice

19$ Anno quarto Srqulnto GOxtexmi & Marine, c. i 3-^ 15. [ 1692,

. . vice* therein, that the parifhioners of the pari(fa, whole church ! (hall then be down or demolilht, (hall bear and pay towards the charges of such repairs and decent ornaments, such (hare 2nd proportion as the archbifhop of biihop that (haH make such union (hall by the fame union direft and appoint; and for want of such direction and appointment, then one third part of iuef. | charges of the repairs and decent ornaments, which (hall he ! made or provided; and the fame (hall berated, taxed, and levied, I and in default thereof such procefc and proceedings (hall be hi | and made, againft him or them, as if it were for the reparati a ; and finding decent ornaments for their own parilh church, if na fiich union had been made 5 any law,cnftom, txfage, or opinion, to the contrary heretofore notwithftanding.

CAP. XHI.

EXP.  An  a&  for  puniftung  officers  and  foldiers,  who  (hall  mutiny  or  defat  tbtir

, Majeities (ervice, and for pun idling falfe mu fters, and tor the payment of quarters. Continued by 5 Sc 6 W. 8c M. c.15. till 1 March, 1693.

CAP. XIV.

EXP.  An  for  review  of  the  quarterly  poll  granted  to  their  Majdtiet  in  the

laftfeflion of this prelent parliament. .

CAP. XV.

An aft for continuing certain afts therein mentioned, and for charging feveral joint flocks.

*  Moft gracious fovereigns,

WE your Majefties moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons in parliament afiembled, for a further fupply to your Majefties for tHe more efteftual profecuting the prefer, war againft Francs, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted unto your Majefties the impofitions and duties hereafter mentioned, for and during the refpeftive terms hereafter ex-prefled 5 and do befeech your Majefties to accept thereof, and that it may beenafted Duties upon II. And be it enabled by the King's and Queen's moft ct-wineand  fcellent Majefties, by and with the advice and content of the

vinegar.  fords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-

liament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the Several impofitions and duties upon wines and vinegar, granted by an aft made in the first year of the; late King JamtSy ie-titultd, An aft for granting his Majefiy an impofition upon ail unr*: and vinegary imported between the four and twentieth day cf June, one thousand fix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth i: of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three; which (aid ac, by an aft of this prefent parliament, made in the fecond yen of their Majefties reign, was continued from the three ar-twentieth day o{June, one thousand fix hundred and niner: three, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufari fix hundred ninety fix, (hall be continued from the three ani twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred and niner. fix, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fu

hundred

i6gi.] Anno quart* & quinto Gulielmi & Marls. C.15. 199

hundred and ninety eight, and no longer: and that the faid (irft mentioned aA, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and elaufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full Force and effeA, until the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred and ninety eight, and (hall be applied, praAifed, and executed, for the raifmg, levying, colleA-ng, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, iccording to the tenor and intent of this prefent aA, as fully to ill intents and purposes, as if all and every the elaufes, matters, ind things in the (aid aA contained, had been again repeated in his a A, and particularly enaAed.

III.  And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, Duties upon

That the rates and duties arid impofitions for all forts of to-  and

ysicco granted by an aA made in the first year of the reign of, jac/a, c. 3. he late King James intituled, An a£l for granting to bis Majesty

m impofition upon all tobacco and fugar, imported between the four md twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred eighty five, and be four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety hree9 which faid aA (as for and concerning the faid duties and mpofitions upon tobacco only) by an aA of this prefent parlia-nent, made in the fecond year of their Majefties reign, was con-inued from the faid three and twentieth day of June9 in the faid rear one thousand fix hundred ninety three, until the four and wentieth day of June9 one thousand hx hundred ninety fix, (hall >e continued from the (aid three and twentieth day of June, one houfand fix hundred and ninety fix, until the four and twentieth lay of June9 one thousand fix hundred and ninety eight, and 10 longer; and that the faid aA made in the first year of the ate King James, for granting the faid impofitions upon tobacco ind fugar, as for and concerning tobacco only, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and elaufes therein contained,

:onceming the faid rates and duties upon all forts of tobacco,

[hall continue and be of fall force and effeA, until the faid four md twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred and nine-y eight; and (hall be applied, praAifed, and executed for the aifing, levying, executing, anfwering, and paying the faid du-ries upon tobacco hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aA, as fully to all intents and purposes, as f the faid a A, and all drtd every the elaufes,-matters, and things therein particularly contained, had been again repeated in this aA, and particularly enaAed for this purpose.

IV.  And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That Duties up<m the fevera! additional and other rates, impofitions, duties, anclEaft In£a charges, upon thefeveral forts of goods and merchandize grant- f°\y & jyj

ed by an aA of this prefent parliament made in the fecond year *. c. 4. <«r-of their Majefties reign, intituled. An atl for granting to their firmedtill 1697* Majefties certain impofitions upon all Eaft India goods and manu~ 1 Jac* c* 3-failures, and upon alt wrought filks9 and feveral other goods and merchandize, to be imported after the five and twentieth day ^December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety \ and which were thereby to have continuance until the tenth day of November,

. O4  on*

2co Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi 5c MAUDE; C.15. [1692.

one thousand fix hundred ninety five, (hall be continued from the ninth day pf November, one thoufimd fix hundred ninety five, and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, and paid unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, until the tenth day of November, one thousand fix hundred ninety feven; and that the faid a <51, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majtftia certain impofitions upon all Eaft India goods and manufafiutu, cni upon all wrought filks and feveral other goods and merchandize, to be imported after thefve and twentieth day of December, one tboujmi fix hundred and ninety, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effect, until the faid tenth day of November\ one thousand fix hundred ninety feven, and (hall be applied, prac-tifed, and executed for the raifing, levying, collecting, anfwer-ing, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent a<51, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the faid laft mentioned ad, and all and -every the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, had been again repeated in this ad, and enabled particularly5 except only as to such part of the faid impofitions, touching which other provifions or alterations are or (hall be made by any other ad of this prefent fefiion of parliament, which other pro-yifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue, during the continuance of this prefent ad.

V.  Provided always, and it is hereby eroded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon and perfons to advance and lend unto their Majefties, as well upon the fecurity of this ad, as of the feveral herein before mentioned ads, from and after the feveral and refpedive films thereupon refpedtively charged (hall be fully fatisfied and paid, any fum or fums or money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of five hundred thousand pounds, and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof any fum not exceeding eight pounds by the hundred for one whole year, and no more, diredly or indiredly. b/t V'r°th VI* And to the end that all monies which (hall belenfunto Exchequer, * their Majiftics upon the credit of this ad, and of the before* mentioned ads, may be well and fufficiently fecured out of the monies arifing and payable by this ad, or by any of the laid be< fore-mentioned ads, from and after the feveral fuqas charged upon the faid ads, or any of them at any time before the fifth day of Afarcl\ one thousand fix hundred ninety two, (hall be reipedively anfwered and paid, be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be,provided and kept in their Majefties exchequer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of receipts,* one book or regifter, in which all monies that (hall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this ad, or any of the before mentioned ads> (hall.be entred and regiftred apart and diftind from all monies paid or payable to their Majefties upon any other branch of their Majefties revenue, or any other account whatfoever. And that all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall lend any money to their Majefties upon the credit

of

Claufe of ere dit for 5co,ooo1. at 8 per cent. See 7 Sc 8 W. $. c. 10. f. 7.

giving out tallies and payment of the money in

fcourfe,.

j4>9».] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marine, c.15. 201

of this ad, and pay the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer,

(hall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and an order for his repayment, bearing the fame date with his tally. In which order (hall be alio contained a warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance, after the rate fo to be allowed for the fame, fo as such intereft do not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum* for his confideration, to be paid every three months, until repayment of his principal * and that all orders for repayment of money (hall be regiftred in courfe according to the date of the tally refoedively, without preference of one before another, and that ail and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land entrcd in the faid regifter book, fo as that the perfon, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators and affigns, who (hall have his order or orders iirft entred in the faid took of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted as the first perfon to be paid, upon the monies to come in by virtue of this ad, or any the before-mentioned ads, from and aftdr payment of the feve-ral fums refpe&ively charged upon the faid ads, before-mentioned ; and be or they who (hall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted the fecon^ perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe. And that the monies to come in by this ad, or by the faid former ads, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadion of the faid refoecr live parties, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns fucceffive-ly, without preference one before another, and not otherwife, and not to be divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpose wbatfoevcr ; and that no fee, reward or gratuity, diredly or in-diredly, be demanded or taken of any of their Msyefties fub-jeds, for providing or making of any such books, regifters, entries, views or ftarch in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft, as aforesaid, by any of their Majefties officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, upon pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with cods of fuit, or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo. And if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either m point of regiftry or payment contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to p?y the value of the debt, damages and cods to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from his place or office; and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredion or privity of his mafter, then such deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to such adion, damages and cods, and (hall to for ever after (incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor (hall not aired the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to each perlon’s due place and order, as afore direded, then he or they (hall to judged to forfeit, and their refpedive deputies and clerks herein offending, to to liable to such adion, debt, damages and cods, in foch manner, as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and

cods

Manner of transferring.

202 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marie. €.15. [1692.

cofts to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of their Mqefties courts of record at fVeJtminJter> wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of rcftraint, Bull be in any wife granted or allowed.

VII.  Provided always,^ and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for pavment, 2s afbrefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to tne audit* of the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted noun-due preference which of those he enter? firft, fo he enters them all the fame day.

• VIII. Provided alfoK That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor dire#, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their money, and bring their oraers before other perfons that did not come to demand their monies, and bring their order) in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referred as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofrd, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

IX.  And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid, That every perfon or perfons to whom any monies (hall be due by virtue or this a<5t, after order entred in the book of regifter for payment thereof, his executors, adminiftrators or affigns by indorfement of his order, may affign and transfer his right, tide, intereft and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to igi other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of receipts aforesaid, and an entry and memorial thereof alfo made in the book of remitter aforesaid, for orders (which theofen (hall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make! (hall intitle such affignee his executors, adminiftrators and a1-figns to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo Min and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such perfon* perfons who have, or hath made such alignments to void, releafe or difeharge the fame, or any the monies therety due, or any part thereof.

X.  Ana be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Tte ijr cent, upon the feveral rates and fums of money herein after mentioned Hi Eaft India be anfwered and paid to their Majefties, that is to fay, Thff

(hall be anfwered to their Majefties the fum of five poundsfe every hundred pounds of the joint ftock of the Eafi lnik company, the faid joint ftock being valued at the rate of (even to drea forty four thousand pounds, the fame to be paid by the governor and treafurer of the faid Eajl India company, byte equal quarterly payments; tht first payment to be made upon tbs | faid five and twentieth day of Manb, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, and to be deducted from the feveral perfoa interefted in the faid joint ftock, according to their feveral (bam and proportions therein, upon their next dividends,

' ‘ ............................... M

Five pounds

ftock*.

1692.] Anno quarto & quint© Gulielmi & Maria, c. 15. 203

XL And be it further enadcd, That for every (hare in the Twenty fhil-joint Rock of the royal African company, according as the number of (hares are now reckoned and computed, there (hall be anfwered and paid to their Majefties the Ann of twenty (hillings, the fame to be paid by the governor and treafurer of the faid royal African company, by four equal quarterly payments, the first payment to be made upon the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, and to be deduced according to tbe feveral (hares and proportions of the members of the (aid company, in tbe joint flock thereof, upon their next dividends. ■ 1

XII.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, F5re pounds That for every (hare in the joint flock of the HudflHs-Bay com-

pany, according as the number of (hares are now reckoned and (hares. ^ computed, there (hall be anfwered and paid to thtir Majefties the fum of five pounds, the fame to be paid by tbe gbvemor and treafurer of the faid Hudjons-Bay company, by four equal quarterly payments, the first payment to be made upon the faid . five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, and to be deduced according to the feveral (hares and proportions of the members of the faid company ih the joint flock thereof, upon their next dividends. And in cafe the governors and treafurers of the faid refpeCtive companies (hall make default in payment of the faid feveral Aims, or any of them refpedlively, charged on the flocks of the faid companies, at the days and times aforesaid, according to the true intent of this ad, the charter of fiich company refpedively, (haU be, and is hereby adjudged to be void.

XIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Pwfon* inte-That from and after the fixth day or Aprils one thousand fix ™Je^° hundred ninety and three, no perfon be admitted to fwear to a benture for" debenture for any duties to be drawn back upon re-exportation, rebate.

but he who is the true exporter, as being either interefted in the propriety and hazard of the goods on the exportation, or as being employed by coramiffion, ia concerned in the direction of the voyage, (o as to be able to judge that the goods are really and bona fide exported, and not landed, nor intended to be re-landed in the kingdom of England, dominion of tVales9 or town of Berwick upon Tweed.

XIV. And whereat it is found by experience, That great quanti- Five hundred ties of goods are daily imported from foreign parts in a fraudulent pound® penal-end clandejline manner, without paying the cufloms and duties due and ?yfon.  ^ payable to their Majejlies, and the Tame hath of late been much in<* ^rt^ohfoit-* ereafed and promoted by ill meny who, notwithjlanding the laws al- ed goods, or ready made, do undertake as infurerSy or otherwifey to deliver such good* without guis fo clandefttnely imported, at their charge and hazard, into the cuftom‘ houfeSy warehoufeSy, or pojfejfton of the owners thereof: For the preventing fo great a mifehiefj be it enacted by the authority afore-

(aid. That all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who, by way of infurance or otherwife, (hall undertake or agree to deliver any 'goods or merchandizes whatfoever, to be imported

from

*64 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marijs. C. i5. [1692.

from parts beyond the Teas, at any port or place whatfoever within this kingdom of England^ dominion of Walei^ or town of Berwick upon Tuped, without paying the cuftoms and duties that Hull be due and payable for the fame at such importation, or any prohibited goods whatfoever, or in purfuance of such infurance, undertaking or agreement, (hall deliver, or caufe or procure to be delivered, any prohibited goods, or (hall deliver or caufc or procure to be delivered, any goods or merchandizes f'bistaU the whatfoever, without paying such duties and cuftoms as afore-(aid, knowing thereof, and all and every their aiders, abettors, afliftants, (hall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the Aim of fiv^hundred pounds over and above all other farfei-c. ]6. r. s. tures and penalties to which they are liable by any aA already in force.

Five hundred XV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid, pounds penal- That all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall (on^hofhall a8rcc t0 P*y anY Aim or fums of money for the infusing or be & infused, conveying any goods or merchandizes that (hall be fo Imported, without paying the cuftoms and duties due and payable at the importation thereof, or of any prohibited goods whatfoever, or (hall receive or take such prohibited goods into his or their houfc or warehouse or other place on land, or such other goods, before such cuftoms and duties arc paid, knowing thereof, (hall alfo for every such offence forfeit and lofe the like Aim of five hundred pounds5 the one half of the (aid forfeitures to be to their Majkties, and the other half to the informer, or such perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame.

XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That if the infurer, conveyor, or manager of such fraud, be the difeoverer of the fame, ne (hall not only keep and enjoy the infurance money or reward given him, and be difeharged of the penalties to which he is liable by reafon of such offence, but (hall alfo have to his own ufe one half of the forfeitures hereby impofed upon the party or parties making such infurance or agreement, or receiving the goods as aforefaid 5 and in cate no difeovery (hall be made by the infiirer, conveyor or manager as aforesaid, and the party or parties infured or concerned m such agreement (hall make difeovery thereof, he (hall recover and receive back such infurance money or premium^ as he hath paid upon such infurance or agreement, and (hall hare to his own ufe one moiety of the forfeitures impofed upon such infurer, conveyor, or manager as aforesaid, and (hall alfo be difeharged of the forfeitures hereby impofed upon him or them.

Manner of re- XVII. And be it enafted. That all the (aid penalties ani covering the forfeitures (hall be recoverable according to the courfe of tbc penalty. court of Exchequer, in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures m like cafes are recoverable.

Provifotbat XVIII. Provided, That no penalty hereby inflided (hall be prosecution be recoverable, unlefs the fame be profecuted within twelve months

after

Reward to insurer, difeo-vtring.

1692*] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mariju c.i6.  205

after the time such faft was committed; anything in this ad within twelve to the contrary notwithstanding.  months.

XIX.  And for preventing doubts touching the application of Application of monies which (hall accrue to their Majefties for the cuftom of the duties, prize goods, be it /declared and dire&ed by the authority a-forefaid, That all duties, as well cuftoms as impofts, and by what ad or ads foever, that (hall accrue and be payable to their Majefties at the cuftom houfe after the five and twentieth day of March, one thouiand fix hundred ninety three, for any goods or merchandize taken, condemned, and fold as prize, mail be applied intirely to the credit of an ad of this prefent fefllon of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to their Ma~ 4 & 5 W. ft jefties certain additional impofitiom upon Jeveral goods and merchan- M*c* 5*

£zey for the profecuting the prefent war againjt France, any other ad to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An aft to prevent frauds by clandeftine mortgages•

WHEREAS great frauds and deceits are too often praftifed by neteffitous and evil-difpofed perfons in borrowing of monw* and giving judgments, Jlatutes, and recognizances privately, for Je-curing the repayment of thefaid moneys and the fame perfons do afterwards borrow money upon security oj their lands of other perfons, and do not acquaint the latter lender thereof with the fame, whereby fucb late lender is very often in danger to left bis whole money, or forced to pay off the debts fecured by the faid judgments, Jlatutes, and recognizances, before they can have any benefit of the faid mortgages :

And whereas divers perfons do many times mortgage their lands more than once, without giving notice of their firfi mortgage, whereby lenders of money upon fecend or after mortgages do often lofe their money, and are put to great charges in fuits and otherwife: For remedy whereof, and preventing the fame as much as may be for the future,

II.  Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Debtor upon majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- judgment, See. ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament taking up mo-aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any per-fori or perfons from and after the first day of May which (hall mortgage, be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety without notice and three, (Jiall borrow any money, or for any other valuable °frtie iud8-confederation, for the payment thereof, voluntarily give, ac-knowledge, permit, or fufler to be entred, againft him or them, /ball foil his one or more judgment or judgments, ftatute or ftatutes, recog- equity tore-nizance or recognizances, to any perfon or perfons, creditor or deem, creditors; and if the faid borrower or borrowers, debtor or debtors, (hail afterwards take up or borrow any other fum or Aims of money of any pthcr perfon or perfons, or for other valuable confideration become indebted to such perfon or perfons, and for fecuring the repayment and difeharge thereof, lhall mortgage his, her, or their lands or tenements, or any

part

ao6 Anno quarto & quinto Gulislmi & Maria. C. i 6. [i 691

part thereof, to the faid fecond or other lender or lenders of the faid money, creditor or creditors, or to any other peribn or perfons in truft for, or to the ufe of, such fecond or other lend-er or lenders, creditor or creditors, and (hall not give notice to the hud mortgagee or mortgagees of the faid judgment or judgments, ftatute or ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, in writing under his, her, or their hand or hands, before the ex. ecution of the (aid mortgage or mongages; unlefc such mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, or their heirs, upon notice to him, her, or uiem, given by the mortgagee or mortgagees of the faid lands and tenements, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or afligns, in writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, attefted by two or more fuffictem wit-nefles, of any such former judgment or judgments, lbitute cr ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, (hall within fix months payoff and difeharge the (aid judgment or judgments, ftatute or ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, and all intereft and charges due thereupon, and caufe or procure the fame to be vacated or difeharged by record: that then the mortgager or mortgagers of the hud lands and tenements, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall have no benefit or remedy againft the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or any of them, inequity or elfewhere, for redemption of the faid lands and tenements, or any part thereof; but the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall and may hold and enjoy the faid lands and tenements for such eftate ana term therein, as were or wa* granted and fettled to the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, againi: the faid mortgager or mortgagers, and all perfon and perftxu lawfully claiming from, by, or under him* her, <x them, freed from equity of redemption, and as fully to all intents andpur-pofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been purchafed abfoluteh and without any power or liberty of redemption.

^acin*1 ^ice'  And ^ 11 furt^ttr cnafted by the authority aforefaii.

wiSout no-** That if any perfon or perfons, who have or hath once mort-tice of the gaged, or from and after the faid first day of May (hall merr-firtt mortgage, gage, any lands or tenements to any perfon or perfons, for ft-lofc* his «qui- purity ormoney lent, or otherwife accrued or become due, or for other valuable confider^tions; and if the faid mortgager or mortgagers (hall again mortgage the fame lands qr tenements, or any part thereof, to any other perfon or perfons for valuable confiderations (the faid former mortgage being in force and not difeharged) and (hallnotdifcoverto the faid fecond or other mortgagee or mortgagees, or feme or one of them, the forme? mortgage or mortgages, in writing under his or their hands , that then and in those cafes alfo, the faid mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or aligns, (hall have no relief or equity or redemption againft the faid fecon-J or after mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, upon the laid after mortgage or

moitg-igss.

a Vern. 589,590.

1692.] Anno quarto & quinto Guliblmi & Marias- 0.17. 207

mortgages, but .that such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afugns, lhall and may hold and enjoy such more than once mortgaged lands and tenements, for such eftate and term therein, as were or was granted and conveyed by the laid mortgager or mortgagers, a-gainft him, her, or them, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators refpe&ively, freed from equity of redemption, and ail fully to all intents and purposes, as if the lame had been an abfolute purchafe, and without any power or liberty of redemption.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Under raart-rity aforefaid. That neverthelcfs if it fo happen there be more gagees may than one mortgage at the fame time made by any perion or redeem, perfons, to any perfon or perfons, of the fame lands and tenements, the feveral late or under mortgagees, his, her, or their

heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or ailigns, (hall have power to redeem any former mortgage or mortgages, upon payment of the principal debt, intereft, and cofts of fuit, to the prior mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or ailignsj any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.  Provided always. That nothing in this a<ft contained lhall fiwed* be confirued, deemed, or extended, to bar any widow of any mortgager of lands or tenements from her dower and right in

or to the faid lands, who did not legally join with her hulband in such mortgage, or otherwife lawfully bar or exclude herfelf from such her dower or right.

CAP. XVII.

An all for the regainings encouraging, and fettling the Greenland trade.

WHEREAS the trade to Greenland and the Greenland feasy in the fijbing for whales there, hath been heretofore a vary beneficial trade to this kingdoms not only in the employing great numbers of feamen and /hips, and confirming great quantities of pro-vifmSy but alfo in the bringing into this nation great quantities of cily blubber, and fins:

II. And whereas neighbouring nations do yearly make great advantage thereby, not only fupplying themfehes with that Tort of oil and fins, but by vending into other parts great quantities thereof,\ and particularly into this kingdoms where the faid tfade is wnv quite decayed and left:

III.  And whereas feveral merchants of this kingdom did heretofore endeavour to fettle and regain the faid trade, and for their encouragement therein, it was by an alt of parliament made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of his late majefiy King Charles the Se- *s Car,s.c. 7. and, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade, (amongft other things) enabled, That jn regard there was then great want of barponiers and feamen Jkilled and exercifed in the trade of whcde-fifbings it fhould and might be lawful for any fhip

2  or

208 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi& Marijl c.17. [t6$i;

or vejfel truly belonging to England, Wales, or the tmtf Ber wick upon Tweed, and whereof the mafier fbovli k an £ngiilh man, and inhabiting within the placet aforesaid, from and ojitnl first day of May, which was in the year of our Lori omtinfa fix hundred foventy and three, and until the five and twentieth L I  of  March,  which  was in the year of our Lord one thoujandjxhz

dred eighty and three, employed for the catching of whales, <k* fitch voyage, to be navigated with ofte moiety of the horpmrs^ one moiety of the reft of the mariners only fenglifh, and jet Ufe no further or other cuftomfor the oil, blubber, or fins, mflttrw. ported in fitch Jbip or vejfel, than if fitch jbip or vejfel had ben; vigated with three fourths of the mariners Englifli; which fix % W. & M. IT. was iy another ait of parliament made in the feconijeonf fa Majefties reign, intituled, An a St for granting to the Majesties a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other Hun of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported continued for four years:

IV.  And whereas fevered merchants and other perfons of this fo\ iom were by the first recited ail encouraged to fit out end finite t find Greenland feas fome Jbips or veffels for the catching cf whir, whereby fome finalI quantities of oil, blubber, and whole fits m imported into this kingdom, but they not being able to carrj on the fc trade upon their fingle or feparate inter efts, in regard that tit wfi touring nations aid yearly fend far greater numbers of flips intsfc I feas, the faid merchants and other perfons of tbit kingdom wot fi ced to iefift from following the faid trade, which isnawwb:'f% grojfed by foreigners; and fince the expiration and revival tj i faid ail, there have not. been any Jbips fent from England tip find Greenland feas, or any oil, blubber, or whole fins impend * to England, but fucb as have been bought of foreigners, tin

,  great Jums of money are yearly drawn out of England for fait a

nudities, and the rates and prices which are now paid for sit jA art now above fix times more than heretofore they wen, and ikfi trade hewing been for above thefe twelve years loft pofi wbtSjlrd this kingdom, there are very few or no Englifli harpommuh{ lifli feamen Jkilled and exerctfed in the faid trade of wbalHcn^ fo that the faid trade cannot now be regained to this linfim, a can be carried on by or without the affiftame of foreign bcru^ andfeamen, or upon the fingle inter efts or ftocks of anjptfM perfons, or by any other way than by a joint flock:

V.  And whereas for the regaining, enlarging and encours ing the faid trade, a flock of forty thousand pounds at the ^ is a neceflary fund to be raifed, tor the regaining and cams on the faid trade, whereby it may become beneficial to tk kingdom. And whereas Sir William Scawen knight, Hcnrjk tie, Robert Hooks, John Skinner, George Bodiington, Francis G? fright, Edmond Priaeaux, Edmond Harrifim, John Jurin,Eh*\ Buckley, Benjamin Steele, Mordetai Abbot, Robert Mchll, ;i Gunfton, John Knapp, Thomas Skinner, William BroughtA bert Briftow, Robert Hackfhaw, John Bridges, Jam BafoA Peter Percivall} Thomas Philips, Charles MicbiU, Samel tol

[692.] Anno quarto & quinto GuliClmi & Mari je. c- i 7.  209

ri, Samuel Najh, Benjamin Smith, Nicholas Cutler, Thomas Chambers, Peter Gray, James Ball, Thomas Kett, Humphry Simp-

m, Richard Munford,  Plumbe, Richard Cook, Peter Godfrey, tmbrofe Bray, Auguftine Munford, Joftab Ordway, Jofeph Paice nd Thomas Gunjlon, have undertaken and agreed to raife by lbfcriptions amongft themfelves the faid flock or fond of forty loufand pounds at leaft, to be wholly employed in the regain* ig, managing and carrying on the faid trade; may it pleafe >ur moft excellent Majefties, that it may be enaded:

VI.  And be it enacted by the King and Qjietn’s moft excel*

nt majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ^av^n ^c,ato iritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament raife a joint-Fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a joint flock flock of forty thousand pounds at leaft, (hall beraifed by fubferiptions t00001-' the faid Sir William Scawen, Henry Bertie, Robert Hookes,

>hn Skinner, George Boddington, Francis Gosfright, Edmond Pri~ aux, Edmond Harrifon, John Jurin, Edward Buckley, Benjamin eele, Mordecai Abbot, Robert Mitchell, John Gunjlon, John napp, Thomas Skinner, William Broughton, Robert Bri/low, Rs-rt Hackjbaw, Jfotoi Bridges, James Boddington, Prter Percival, homas Phipps, Charles Michell, Samuel Howard, Samuel Najh, mjamin Smith, Nicholas Cutler, Thomas Chambers, Peter Gray, imes Ball, Thomas Rett, Humphry Simpfon, Richard Munford, hn Plumbe, Richard Cook, Peter Godfrey, Ambrofe Bray, Au-(line Munford, Joftab Ordway, Jofeph Paice and Thomas Gun-

n,  on or before the flrfl day of”May now next coming, and ill be paid to the ufe of the company eftablifhed by this aft, such manner as by this ad is directed.

VII.  And for the better regaining, managing and carrying Sir Winfafrt the faid trade, for the publick good of this kingdom, be it Scawen, &<?. ther enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the faid Sir madc a c°r* illiam Scawen, Henry Bertie, Robert Hookes, John Skinner, George {h^ame of ddington, Francis Gosfright, Edmond Prideaux, Edmond Harri- theGreeniand , John Jurin, Edward Buckley, Benjamin Steele, Mordecai Ab- company, and , Robert Michell, John Gunfton, Join Knapp, Thomas Skinner,to bl,Ylands» \Uiam Broughton, Robert Bri/low, Robert Hackjbaw, John Brid- *XpVr J2* , James Boddington, Peter Percival, Thomas Phipps, Charles p uhell, Samuel Howard, Samuel Najb, Benjamin Smith, Nicholas

tier, Thomas Chambers, Peter Gray, James Ball, Thomas Kett, imphrey Simpfon, Richard Munford, John Plumbe, Richard tk, Peter Godfrey, Ambrofe Bray, Auguftine Munford\ Joftab dway, Jofeph Paice and Thomas Gunfton, and all and every ler perfon and perfons, being natural born fubjeds of thi9 ilm, or perfons naturalized or endenizend, who (hall have y (hare or intereft in the faid joint flock, (hall be one body 'porace and politick, in deed and in name, by the name of ; company of merchants of London trading to Greenland 1 i that by the fame name of the company of merchants of ndon trading to Greenland, they (hall have fucceffion and a rnnon leal, and that they and their fuccefiors by the name refaid, (hall be able and capable in law, and (hall hive per*

Vol/IX.  JP  fed

1

no Anno quarto&quiAtoGuuELMi&Maria, e.17. [1691;

fcSt power and ability in law to have, purchafe, receive, podefs, enjoy and retain to them and their fucceflors, lands, wits, tenements and hereditaments, of what kind, nature, or q\a- j lity foever, fo as the fame exceed not the yearly value of one hundred pounds: and alfo to fell, grant, demife, alien or d£ pofe of the fame, and by the fame name to fue and implead, to be fued and impleaded, anfwer, and be anfwered in any courts of record, or other places whatfoever, and to do and er-ecute all and Angular other matters and things by the nine aforesaid, that to them (hall or may appertain to do, and all other things whatfoever, which any other body corporate or politick I can or may lawfully do or execute.

Th* company Vffl. And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, Greenland &c ^at the &*d company of merchants of Londen trading to Grin* * land, and their fucceflors (hall, during the continuance of this joint ftock hereby appointed to be raifed, have, ufe and enjoi the free trade and trafiick, and (hall and may freely traffick aa| ufe the trade and art of merchandize and catching of whales fa) fea or otherwife, to, into and from Greenland, and the GreenLni feas, and to, into and from the feveral ports, havens and placej which are fituate, lying and being in Greenland and the Grttnkni feas, and in all otner feas and places whatfoever (except in th feas belonging to their Majefbes colonies and plantations in America) and to, and from all and every of them, withwJ any hindrance, interruption, denial or dimirbance whatfoever, any ftatute, ufage, or other caufe or matter whatfoever to tlx contrary notwitnftanding.

A governor IX. And be it further ena&ed, that a governor, deputy p-to be chofen. vcrnor ^nd fixtecn committees of the (aid company, (hiil bj elected and chofen in manner as hereafter is appointed, (hall have the management and direction of the faid trade, rJ of the voyages and affairs of the (aid company.

A book of X. Ana be it further enadted by the authority afore&i fubfcriptions That a book for fubferiptions (hall be provided within ten cby (^ 7wCmuft>” a^tcr palling of this adfa, by the first five of the afortnami fidbJcribe^ool perfons, or any three of them : in which faid book (hall fa * fubferibed on or before the laid first day of May now ret coming, by all the perfons in this adfc before named, or & furvivors of them, the faid joint ftock, which (hall not be & than forty thousand pounds; and that each of the (aid fab feribers (nail not fubferibe lefs than five hundred pounds, ta more than two thousand pounds.

Money fub- XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrdas (bribed how That all and every the faid perfons fo as aforefaid lubfcribia bepjddCn t0 0X1 or ^orc the  da7 of May now next comia

**  * actually and bona fide pay down unto such perfon or perfons

the faid perfons herein before named, or the major part of thr (hall nominate and appoint, one full and entire fourth pan the feveral fums of money by each of them refpedtiveiy fa: feribed to the faid joint (lock, and (hall alfo pay the remaind thereof at such times, and in such manner as (hall be direeb

i£p2.] Annoquarto&quintoGuLiELMi&MARlA. c.17. att

and appointed from time to time by the governor or deputy governor and court of committees of the faid .company for the time being, fo as the whole fum to be fubferibed, be paid within four years next after the faid first day of May.

XII- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Defaulters to That all and every perfon and perfons, making default in any J?r« tbe fubt ■){ the laid payments, (hall immediately from and after such above ^hat is lefauit, have or enjoy no further or other benefit or advantage a&ually >y such fubfeription, than according and in proportion to such urn or fums of money only, which such perfon or perfons fhall lave actually and really paid into the faid joint ftock as afore-lid.

XIII,  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Defaulters to

7hat every perfon or perfons who fhall make default in paying  °of

ny part or proportion of such his fubfeription, in such manner

i by this adt is appointed, fhall forfeit and Ioffe to the ufe and have paid, enefit of the adventurers in the faid joint ftock, after the rate f ten pounds for every one hundred pounds of such fum or tins which he or they (hall fo neglect or omit to pay in as orefaid, to be dedudted out of the money paid in by such srfon making default as aforefaid.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Choice of go. 'hat before the five and twentieth day of May now next del^yaover-mning, any thirteen of them the faid perfons, herein before no[. and fix- ~ imed, (hall fummon and call together a general court of.all teen commit, e laid fubferibers, and of all and every other perfon and per- tees*

ns who (hall then have any (hare or intereft in the faid joint )ck, who (hall and may quietly and freely aflcmble themfelves, id meet together at the time and place fo appointed, and then id there at their will and pleafure, name, choofe and eletf one perfon who (hall have fubferibed one thousand pounds or >wards to the faid joint ftock, and actually paid in one fourth rt thereof as aforesaid, to .be governor of the faid company : d one other fit perfon in like manner, who fhall have fub-ibed the fun) of one thousand pounds to* the faid joint.ftock, d actually paid in one fourth part thereof as aforesaid, to the puty governor of the faid company: and alfo fixteen other fit rfons in like manner, each of them having feverally fubferibed 1 fum of five hundred pounds or upwards to the faid joint ck,. and feverally paid in one fourth part thereof as aforesaid, be committees of the faid company.. The faid governor, puty governor and committees, to continue in their refpedi-t offices and places, until the twentieth day of Oflober, which ill be in the year of our Lord, one thouland fix hundred lety and four.

XV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Oath to be lat every governor and deputy governor of the faid companylftIcen bytb* the time being, before they be admitted to the execution of feputy^o^1" rir refpedfive offices or places of governor and deputy gover- vernor. " ' r, (hall take the following oath, viz.

P *  ’  rov

aia  Anno quarto&quintoGulielmi&Maric.17. [1691.

YOU /wear, That youJbaU affift, and with all your power fsp-port and maintain the company of merchants of London trying to Greenland, and the privileges of the fame, having no nfftf to yourfelf, in derogation, hindrance or prejudice of the gooigum* went, order, and common weal thereof The bye laws and ordiv*-cos which Jball be made by authority of this company, and tobub & not repugnant to the laws of this kingdom, you JbaU upright!] as duly execute according to your knowledge thereof And to every Ur-Jon you jhall minifler upright juflice. And you JbaU not erqqe ? oblige the faid company in any wife, as governor or deputy govern* ,j the faid company, without agreement and confent of the court if tm-mittees of the faid company,

So help yon Almighty God.

Oath of com- XVI. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afcrefeid, mittecs. That every one of the laid fixteen committees of the fad company for trie time being, before they be admitted to the execution of their laid refpedtive offices or places of committee!, lhall take the following oath, viz.

YOU /wear to be faithful and true, during the time of jssrpLt of trufl, as one of the committees to thecompany of mrchz of London trading to Greenland, and their fuccejfors. 7hp efiate of the adventurers in this prefent joint flock you fbaHfxsh and affeSt \ and the privileges granted unto them (to your power) d deavour to maintain and preserve. You Jball be careful to fee ate vide that an equal and indifferent hand be carried in the govern?: of the company, and in the affairs thereof to all the adventurer r: JbaU adventure or put in flock: and that an equal divifum Jrcr. w to time be made to all the adventurers, according to the proporta 1 their feveral flocks duly paid in.

So help you God

Subfcriber of XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrru, left than 500I. That no perfon or perfons who (hall fubferibe lefs, or lhall ^ooLonerote t*lan ®ve hundred pounds in the faid joint Rock, lhail iu-j ofioool. two* any vote or voice at any general court of the faid compr ; votes.  And  that  every  perfon  or perfons who (hall fubferibe to, or :hJ

have in the hud joint Hock the fum of five hundred pomej (hail have one vote or voice, and no more at any general ca? of the faid company ; and that every perfon or perfons, v< lhall fubferibe to, or lhall have in the faid joint flock of £ faid company, the fum of one thousand pounds, (hall haver*! votes or voices at any general court of the faid company a no more, although he or they (hall have fubferibed more *1 4 or (hall have in the faid flock more than one thousand pour^ Subscribers XVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afored oath*. That all and every perfon and perfons who lhall fubferibe ^ i pay in any fum or money into the laid joint ^ftock, or (hah bn any (hart w iotwft m the faid joint ftock, lhall be admins

*13

j6<}2.] Aonoquarto&quintoGuLi£LMl &Marim. c.17.

gratis into the freedom of the faid company, and (hall take the oath of admiffion into the fame before the governor or deputy governor, or any five of the committees for the time being* who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame in woras following, viz.

\70X3 /wear that you will afjift, and with all your power fupport X and maintain the company of merchants of London trading to Greenland ; the bye laws and ordinances which /hall be made by authority of this company which are not repugnant to the laws of this kingdom, you Jbally according to your knowledge thereof uprightly and duly keep and obeyj

So help you God.

XIX.  And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, Governors, That the (aid governor or deputy governor, or any five of the ^c*to ** committees then in being* (hall, before the faid twentieth day fcn annua of Ofiaber, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred

ninety and four, at any time between the first day and the twentieth day of October then next following, and fo annually for every year afterwards, between the days laft mentioned (timely notice thereof being first given) call a general court of all the members of the faid company, who (hall have fubferibed to the find joint dock, the fum of five hundred pounds or more, and paid in one fourth part of their feveral fubfcriptions as afordaid, and such other proportions of the fame, as (hall be diredfced and appointed as aforefiud, and (hall have (everally taken the faid oath of admiffion, then and there to dedt ana choofe out of the members of the faid company fo qualified as afordaid, one governor, one deputy governor, and fixteen committees of the faid company to ferve for one whole year next enfuing his and their retpedtive elections; and if the faid governor or deputy, or any of the committees for the time being, (hall happen to die before the expiration of the faidyear for which he or they (hall be fo elected, that then, and from thenceforth it (hall and may be lawful to, and for the faid go* vemor or deputy governor, or five of the committees to fum-mon and call together a general court of the adventurers afore* faid, and then and there to choofe into the place or places of him or them fo dying, other fit perfon or perfons qualified as afbrefaid, to continue in their re(pe<5tive offices or places during the remainder of such year.

XX.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. What other

That every governor, deputy governor and cotnmittees of the oaths the go-faid company, befides the (aid oaths already appointed to t^^vernorU" be taken by them refpe&ively, (hall alfo take the oath appoint* anui6 com* cd to be taken inftead of the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, mittecs (hall by a late adt of parliament made in the first year of their Ma-  &-

jefties reign, entituled. An afi for abrogating the oaths of fupre-  Srii.s.eap.

macy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths; and that the faid **

firft governor to be elcdled, (hall take the faid oaths hereby ap*

P 3  pointed

*1*

The courts bovr to be called.

The fub-feribers at a court may make bye-laws.

AnnoqutrtD&qumtDGuLiELMi&MARi^:. c.17. [1692.

pointed to be taken by the governor of the faid company for the time being, before the faid pfcrfons herein before namea, or any nine of them, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the feme; and the first deputy governor (hall take the faid oaths hereby appointed to be taken by the deputy governor of the faid company for the time being, before the (aid first governor, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame; and the faid first fixteen committees (hall each of them feverally take the faid oaths appointed to be taken by the faid fixteen committees for the time being, before the faid first governor or the faid first deputy governor, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame; and that every fucceeding governor (hall take the oaths appointed to be taken by the faid governor of the company for the time being, before the laft preceding governor, or any five or more of the laft preceding committees, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame ; and every fucceeding deputy governor (hall take the oaths appointed to be taken by the deputy governor of jthe faid cotnpany for the time being, before the governor, or in cafe of his death or abfence, before any five of the laft preceding committees, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame; and every member of the fucceeding committees for the time being, (hall take the faid oaths appointed to be ref-pedtively taken by the fixteen committees of the faid company for the time’being, before the governor or deputy governor for the time being, or any five or more of the preceding committees, who are hereby impowered to admininfter the fame.

XXL And be it further enaAed by the authority afbrefaid, That from and after the faid twentieth day of May next enfu-ing, all and every the general courts and committees of the faid company hereby eftablilhed, (hail be from time to time called and fummoned by order of the faid governor, or deputy governor, or any five or more of the (aid Committees for the time being ; at all which general courts, and courts of committees before mentioned, the governor for the time being (hall be prefent, or in his abfence, the deputy governor for the time being, and in cafe of equality of votes or voices, (hall have a calling voice.

XXII.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hail and may be lawful for all the members of the faid company, who (hall have fubferibed five hundred pounds or more to the faid joint (lock, and (hall have paid in one fourth part of their refpedlive fubferiptions, and such other proportions of the fame, as (hall be diredled or appointed as aforesaid, and all and every other perfon and perfons, who (hall have the fum of five hundred pounds in the faid joint dock, and (hall have taken the faid oath of admiflion, from time to time, and at all times, during the continuance of the faid joint flock, to aflemble themfelves at a general court (timely notice thereof being first given as aforesaid, by the governor or deputy governor, or any five of the faid committees for the time being) and that they, or the jxiajor part of them, being fo affcmbled,

whereof

i6g2.J Annoquarto&quintoGuLiELMi&MARi^.c.i7,  215

whereof the governor or the deputy governor for the time being to be one, (hall and may make, ordain and conftitute such, and fo many reafonable bye-law*, conftitutions and ordinances, as to them, or the greater part of them then and there prefent,

(hall feem neceflary and convenient for the good government of the faid company, and of all commanders, manners, and all other officers, fervants, and perfons by them employed in any of their (hips and voyages, and for the better prefervation and improvement of the faid trade or traffick, and the fame byelaws, conftitutions, orders and ordinances to made, to put in ufe accordingly, and at their will and pleafure from time to rime to change, revoke and alter the fame, as occafion (hall be w require. Which faid bye-laws, conftitutions, orders and ordinances fo as aforefaid to be made, (hall be duly kept and obferved, under the pains and penalties, therein limited : to always as the faid bye-laws, conftitutions, orders and ordinances be reafonable, ana not contrary or repugnant to the ftatutes or :uftoms of this kingdom, or to any of the regulations contained in this ad.

XXUL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. The Tales of That during the continuance of the laid joint dock, no private goods to be x>ntradt for the fale of any goods or merchandizes, (nail be Pubhck, made by the faid company to any member or members of the Taid company, or any other perfon or peribns whatfoever; but that all goods and merchandizes belonging to the faid company fhall be fold openly and publickly by inch of candle at their publick fales, which (hall be once in every year at the leaft * of which fales publick notice (hall be given upon the royal ex-:hange in London, at leaft three weeks before ; and that no lot of any goods or merchandizes belonging to the faid company, JJ® ,ot lcfil [hall be put up or expofed to fale, the value of which (hall ex- toan 300 * :eed three hundred pounds in the allotment thereof; and that The money ill monies arifing by the fale of any goods or merchandizes of for goods fold the faid company, mall be faithfully and bona fide accompted for ^ and applied to the publick and common benefit and advantage1 y app 1C of the general joint dock of the faid company, and of all and every the perfons therein interefted, rateably and according to every perfon’s proportion and (hare thereof, and not to the private advantage of any particular perfon or perfons whatfoever.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Dividends to That all dividends hereafter to be made of the profits arifing by be in money, the faid trade, fhall be made in money, and not otherwife.

And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to, shares may be and fpr all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall have any affigned by fhare or intereft in the faid joint (lock, to fell, afiign and tranl- entry in a fer such his or their (hare or intereft, or any part thereof, by umofe and in the books of the faid company, to be for that purpose ordevift^ provided, to any perfon or perfons, being natural born fub-jedts of this realm, or perfons naturalized or endenizend; and that all and every such fale and alignment, when fo as aforesaid, made and entered, and not otherwife, (hall be good

P 4  an<J

Xi6 Anno quarto &quintoGtJLiELMi & Maria. C.17. [1692.

and effe&ual in the law, againft all and every such perfon and perfons, his and their executors and adminiftratora, who (baK ' fo as aforesaid, affign and transfer any such (hare and interctV in the faid joint ftock; and that the faid book or books, for the aligning and transferring the faid joint dock, (hall lie open from time to time for the view of all perfons concerned; and all alienations, transfers or alfignments made after any other manner, (hall be void; excepting for such ftock only which Ihall happen to be deviled to any perfon by will, or (hall corne to him by being executor or adminiftrator to any perion dc-ceafed.

XXV.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority afordad, That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons at any time, to agree for, contrad, bargain, or fell any, or other or greater fum, (hare, intereft or part of the faid joint ftock, than such fum, (hare, intereft or part only as such perfon or perfons (hall a&ually. and bona fide be poffeffed of, and have {landing in his or their own name in the faid companies books at the time of such agreement, con trad, bargain or fale.made.

XXVI.  And be it further enaded by the authority afareM, That all agreements, contrads, .bargains or fales, for any (hare, intereft or part of the faid joint ftock, which (hall not be performed, compleated and executed, and transferred within ten days next after the making of such agreement, contras, bargain or fale; are and (hall be null and void to all intents ud purposes whatfoever, as if the fame had never been made.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforcfckl, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company hereby eftablilhed, and for all and every the (hips and veffels, belonging to or employed by the (aid company, and truly belong^ to England, Wales y or the town of Berwick upon TwuiJ'd whereof the mafters (hall be Englijbmens and inhabiting with:! the places aforesaid, and for no other (hip or veflei whatfoe^, from and after the first day of Afcy, in the year of our Ld one thousand fix hundred and ninety three, and until the tri day of Qftoberj which (hall be in the year of our Lord, 0% thousand seven hundred and feven, employed for the catchq of whales .in the Greenland feas, and other the feas and p!ra aforesaid, during such their voyages, to be navigated with cat third of the mariners Englijh at the leaft, and yet to pay ?. further or other cuftom for the oil, blubber, or fins, cauc£ and imported in such (hips or veftels, than if such (hips x veflels had been navigated with three fourths of the marine Englijh \ any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wii notwithftanding.

Oil and blubber f  XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enact?:

&c. may be im- by the authority aforefaid. That no Englijh (hip or other ve£*' *b**ii%WW bclon8ing t0 England^ WaUs> or the town of Berwick upc: £ 33.  *  3'  Tweedy and which (hall belong to and be employed by the ii;

company, in the catching of whales in the Greenland feas, id other the feas and places aforesaid, and importing whale oil. ~

blubber,

No perfon may fell a greater (hare Chan he really hath.

AH fales not perfected within ten days void.

Ships to Greenland # may be navigated with one third Englifh. Enlarged bj 1 Ann*, flat, i t- tf.

1692O Anno quarto 8cquintoGuLiELMi& Mari je. c.18.  2x7

blubber, or other filh oil, or whale fins of Greenland, or those feas, or other the feas and places aforesaid, (hall enjoy any benefit or privilege by this a ft, unlefs such (hip or veflel did proceed on her voyage for Greenland and those feas, or for other the feas or places aforesaid, from England ax (Pales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and was victualled for the faid voyage in feme of those places, to be atteftedby the collector of the port where the fame fhip or veffel was victualled. Continued by

d always. That this aCt and the faid joint Corporation flock, (hall continue, and the faid company (hall have and enjoy to continue the hud traffick and trade to and from Greenland and the Green- for HY®**-land feas, and other the feas and places aforesaid, for the term of fourteen years, to be accounted from the first day of Oflo-kr, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and three, and no longer. EXP.

XXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That this pabUck aft aft (hall be and is hereby declared to be a publick aft of parliament, and ihall be fo taken and acknowledged by all and every their Majefties judges in all and every their Majefties courts at IVeJlminJler, and by all and every other their Majefties fubjefts whatsoever.

An aft to prevent malicious informations in the court 0/King’r Bench, and for the more tafy reverfal of outlawries in the fame court.

WHEREAS divers malicious and contentious perfons have more of late than in times pa ft, procured to be exhibited and pro-fecuted, informations in their Majejlies court of King’s Bench at Weftminfter, againjl perfons in all the counties of England, for trefpajfes, batteries, and other mifdemeanors, and after the parties fo informed againjl have appeared to such informations, and pleaded to ijfue, the informers do very feldom proceed any further, whereby tbe perfons fo informed againft are put to great charges in their defence i and although at the trials of such informations verdicts are given for them, or a noli profequi be entered againjl them, they have no remedy for obtaining cojls againjl such informers: and whereas divers perfons are profecuted in the faid court of King’s Bench to outlawries for debts, trefpajfes, and other mifdemeanors, and there is no reverjihg such outlawries but by the perf 'onal appearance of the perfons outlawed, fo that the perfons arrefted upon such outlawries (if poor) lie in prifon till their deaths, but if able, it cojls them very dear to reverfe the fame outlawries: for remedy whereof,

II. Be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent clerk 0f the majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords crown to ex-fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par- ^oinfor-liament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That™^°”^ve from and after the first day of Eajler term, which (hall be in mentioned, the year of our Lord one thoufana fix hundred ninety and three, except by on

CAP. XVIII.

the der of court.

in one year Ufter iffue toined, &c.

218 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mama. C.18. [1692,

nor iffue pro- the clerk of the crown in the laid court of JEng’s Bach for the ceft, till profe- tjmc being (hall not, without expteft order to be given by the given ad. re- court in open court, exhibit, receive, or file any informa-cognizance to tion for any of the caufes aforesaid, or iffue out any prods profecute. thereupon, before he dull have taken or (hall have delivered to him a recognizance from the perfon or perfon* procuring fid information to be exhibited, with the place of his, her, a their abode, title, or profeffion, to be entered, to the perfoo or perfons againftwhom such information or informations is or are to be exhibited, in the penalty of twenty pounds, tfetbc, (he, or they, will effe&ually profecute inch informations or jo-formation, and abide by and obferve such orders as tbefiid court (hall direct, which recognizance the (aid clerk of the crown, and alio every juftice of the peace of any county, city, franchife, or town corporate (where thecaufeof any iuch in-formation (hall arife) are hereby rmpowered to take*, after the ^b€°fifed.Um  whereof  by  the  faid  clerk  of  the  crown,  or  the  receipt

Defendant  thereof from any juftice of the peace, the (aid clerk of the

ihall have  crown (hall make an entry thereof upon record, and (hall fifes

cofts, if caufe memorandum thereof in feme publick place in his office, that not tried with- ay per/QQS may refort thereunto without foe 5 and in cafe any perfon or perfons againft whom any information or informations for the caufes aforesaid, or any of them, (hall be exhibited, Ihall appear thereunto, and plead to iffue, and that the profecutor or profecutors of such information <r informations (hall not, at his and their own proper cofts ai charges, within one whole year next after iffue joined therm,

tirocure the fame to be tried; or if upon such trial a verdid pi or the defendant or defendants, or in cafe the faid informs* informers procure a noli profequi to be entred ; then in any i the faid cafes the faid court of King’s Bench is hereby authorial to award to the faid defendant and defendants, his, her or dr cofts, unlefs the judge, before whom such information (hall be tried, (hall at the trial of such information, in open court certify upon record, that there was a reafonable caufe for exhfe ing such information ; and in cafe the faid informer or infonr-| ers (hall not within three months next after the faid colts rd, and demand made thereof, pay to the faid defendant or deb dants the faid cofts, then the (aid defendant and defendants^ have the benefit of the faid recognizance, to compel thereunto.

Outlawry may HI. And for the more easy and fpeedy reverfing of outlawries be reversed by in the faid court, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, Tsi attorney, ex- from and after the faid first day of Eajier term, no perfcn a a^Son**"011 Pcr^ons whatfoever, who are or (hall be outlawed in the H s Salk. 496, court any caufe, matter, or thing whatfoever (treated felony only excepted) (hall be compelled to come in perfon ic or appear in perfon in the faid court to reverfe such outlar, but (hall or may appear by attorney, and reverfe the out bail, in all cafes, except where fpecial bail (hall be orti by the faid court,

Defendants, remedy for cofts.

a Salk. 194.

r 692.] Anno quarto&quintoGuLiELMi&Mari/B. c. 18.  219

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Perfons taken

That if any perfon or perfons outlawed, or hereafter to be outlawed, in Ac faid court (other thin for treafon and felony) coSm^bil (hall from and after the faid first day of Eafter term be taken cafes, dif-and arrefted upon any capias udagatum out of the faid court, it charged l>y an (hall and may be lawful to and for the fheriff or fheriffs who attorney’s en-fiath or (hall have taken and arrefted such perfon and perfons  £

'in all cafes where fpecial bail is not required by the faid court) fpcdal bail

0 take an attorney’s engagement under his band to appear for cafes, giving he faid defendant or defendants, and to reverie the faid out- j?°nd.w,th awries, and thereupon to difeharge Ac faid defendant and de- pC^ie# to ^ endants from such arrefts: and in those cafes where fpecial bailF s required by the faid court, the faid fheriff or fheriffs (hall and nay take fecurity of the faid defendant or defendants by bond, vitn one or more fuffident furety or fureties, in Ae penalty of louble the fum for which fpecial bail is required, and no more.

Dr his, her, or their appearance by attorney in the faid court t the return of the faid writ, and to do and perform such things s (hall be required by the faid court, and after such bond taken,

0  difeharge the faid defendant and defendants from the faid rrefts.

V.  And be it further enafted by Ae authority aforesaid, Perfon takenas That if any perfon or perfons, outlawed as aforesaid, and taken )?£fore 01211 bc nd arrefted upon a capias utlagatum* (hail not be able within

lie return of the faid writ to give fecurity as aforesaid, in cafes fy afgr re-" 'here fpecial bail is required, fb as he or they are committed to turn of the aol for default .thereof, that whenfoever the faid prisoner or writ, rifoners (hall find fufficient fecurity to the fheriff or fheriffs,

1  whose cuftody he or they A all be, for his or Aeir appearance y attorney in the faid court, at fome return in the term then ext following, to reverie the faid outlawry or outlawries, and > do and perform such other thing and things as (hall be re-uired by the faid court, it (hall and may be lawful to and for ie faid fheriff and fheriffs, after such fecurity taken, to dif-liarge and fet at liberty Ae faid prisoner and prisoners for the me ; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  Provided, That nothing in this aft relating to informa- This aft only

ons (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to any other infor- extends to in-lations, than such as are or (hall be exhibited in the name of ^ormations by leir Majefties coroner or attorney in Ae court of King9s Bench  office,

>r the time being (commonly called the majlef iff the crown

]ice) any thing in the faid aft contained to Ae contrary not-ithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Defendants "hat upon the demife of any King or Queen of Ais realm, all (except deft-leas to informations in the faid court (hall ftand and be good I^.x>^ not

I law, without calling defendants, to plead ag^in to the fame, j^n nlefs the defendants defire fo to do, and make requeft to the King’s d* id court for that purpose within five months next after such mife. emife $ any law or ufage tg the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

220 Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Maria. 0,19,20. [169:.;

CAP. XIX.

EXP. An aft for preventing fuits againfi fueb as afted fir their Majefties fervice in defence of the kingdom.

To indemnify TXT HERE AS in this prefent year of our Lord, onetheufid ®f *hc V V fix hundred ninety and two, it was notortoufty known the aSine* beyond *^ere were %reat Prcparations for an invafion intended from Frana tl»ar power in the lords of the council\ and those that have afled by their authotitj, defence of the having apprehended and imprifined feveral fufpe&ed perfons, snt\ kingdom. feized and ufed horfits and arms, and caufed fome part of the m!:& of this kingdom to be rdifed, continued, and maintained, cthemy j v  than is authorized by the obit made in the reign of King Charles the'

Second in that behalf and to march and be quartered in diver* pktes: upon that occafion: that those proceedings in that extraordinary juncture, and the parties concerned therein, may be indemnified; therefore, and for the preventing the trouble and charges winch the [aid go J fubjebis might be put to by the profecution of their Maj (flits, their heirs and fuccefibrs, or by the means of fusts of any perfon whatever, for and by reafon of their ablings and doings aferefaii.

All aftiont II. Be it, enacted by the King and Queen’s moll excellent again ft them majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Cp> vcSd**111* ritual and temporal, and commons in parliament afletnfcid, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfonal a&oos, fuits, indictments, informations, and other profecudoos what, foever, for or by reafon of the premises, be, and are hertbr Defendant difeharged and made void. And if any a&ion or fuit berth* may plead ge- declared to be difeharged, hath been or (hall be commenced er neral iffue and profecuted, every perfon fo fued may plead the general i£s. eofts doubiC anc* give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence: and if tk plaintiff become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, cr fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdift pafs againft him, the id defendant (hall recover his double cofts, for which he (hall hre the like remedy, as in cafe where cofts by law are given Defendants.

CAP. XX.

An aft for the better difeovery of judgments in the court: r King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Wd-minfter.

WHEREAS great mifebiefs and damages happen and come, • well to perfons in their life-times, but more often to thr heirs, executors, and adminiflrators, and alfo to purchasers and tm-gagccs, by judgments entred upon record in their Majefties court*: Weftminfter, againft the perfons defendants, by reafon of the dp* eulty there is in finding out such judgments: for remedy whereof, Judgments to II. Be it enadled by the King’s and Queen’s mofteicceL’cr. be doggetied. majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fp_n tnal and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliamtr aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the clerk ;• the efifoins of the court of Common-Pleas, every clerk of the do; gets of the court of Kings Bench, and the mailer of the office r

phis

692.] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Marl®. c.ao. 221

pleas in the court of Exchequer for the time being, (hall, before he laft day of Eajier term next coming, and fo in every Eajier :erm after, make or caufe to be made and put into an alphabetical dogget by the defendants names, a particular of all judgments for debt by confeflion, non Jum informatics* or nihil dicit,

:ntred in the faio refpe&ive courts, of the term of Saint Hilary receding, which (hall contain the name and names of the daintiff and plaintiffs, the name and names of the defendant ind defendants, his, her, or their place or places of abode, and itle, trade, or profeffion (if any such be in the record of~4he aid judgment) and the debt, damages, and eofts recovered thereby \ and in what county, city, or town the refpe&ive actions vere laid, and the number Toll of the entry thereof; and alfo hat every clerk of the judgments, and every other clerk of the aid court of Common Pleas and King's Bench refpedkivdy (hall, vithin ten days before the time afbrefaid, bring to the refpedtive Jerks of the doggets of the (aid refpe&ive courts, notes in writ-ng of all the judgments by them and every of them refpe&ively >ntred, of the faid term of Saint Hilary, upon verdi&s, writs of nquiry, demurrer, and every other judgment for debt or da-nages, in all things as aforefaid ; and alfo that the clerk of the judgments, and every other clerk of the faid. court of Exchequer,

[hall, within the times aforesaid, bring to the faid mailer of the aid office of pleas, the like note in writing of all the like judgments by him or them refpe&ively entred of the faid term, in ill things as aforefaid; to the end the fame may be, (by the Jerk of the efloins of the (aid court of Common Pleas, the clerk of he doggets of the faid court of King's Bench, and mailer of the >ffice of pleas) rcfpedlively entred in the refpeftive doggets be-:ore mentioned, in manner and form aforefaid ; and alfo that the -efpeftive officers and clerks of the faid refoedive courts (hall ike wife, before the lad day erf the term of Saint Mxchaet alfo icxt coming, and in every Michaelmas term after, make, or :aufe to be made, as aforesaid, the like dogget, containing all ‘uch judgments in the faid refpedive courts, of the refpedive erms of Eajier and Trinity then laft pad, and the names of the >laintiffs and defendants, titles and additions, debt and da-nages, in all things as aforefaid ; and alfo that the faid refpec-ive officers and clerks of the faid refpeclive courts (hall likewife,

>efore the laft day of the term of Saint Hilary, which (hall be n the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and :hree, and fo in every Hilary term after, make, or caufe to be nade, the like dogget, containing all such judgments in the aid refpedlive courts, of the term of Saint Michael then laft pad, with the names of the plaintiffs and defendants, titles and additions, debts and damages, in all things as aforefaid ; and that the faid refpe&ive doggets (hall be fairly put into and kept n books in parchment in the refpe&ive offices of the refpe&ive afficei** before named, to be fearched and viewed by all perfons it all reafonable times, paying to the refpe&ive officers, in whole ceeping the faid books refpedlivcly (hall be, for every term’s

fearch

222 Anno quarto & quinto Guliblmi & Marias, c.21. [1691.

fearch for judgments againft any one perfon, four pence, and Fee fbrfearcb. no more, upon pain that every clerk of efioins of the coat 0j Common Pleas, clerk of t^e doggets of the Kisers Bauch, and trailer of the office of pleas in the court of Exchequer, clerks oftbc judgments, and every clerk before mentioned refpedivdy, Qul, for every term, in which he (hall omit or negled to do his An Penalty. in the premifies, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; tk one moiety to the party or parties aggrieved, and the otter moiety to him or them who mail fue for the fame in any or their Majefties courts of record at fFeJhninfbr, wherein no privilege, or efloin, or protection of law, mall be admitted, rsu any more than one imparlance.

Judgments III. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrchul, not doggetted That no judgment, not doggetted and entred in the books u purchdkr^ ^ a^ore^a^ Ihall affed any lands or tenements as to purchafes or &c, h mortgagees, or have any preference againft heirs, executors, oi administrators, in their adtainiftration of their ance&xs, te&a-tors, or inteftatesreflates.

Fee to the IV. And whereas the clerks of the judgments of the faid rtfa clerk of the the courts are to be at great charge and trouble in the execution if tee. judgments.  recompence whereof be it enaded by the authority i*

forefaid. That hereafter there (hall be,paid by the plaintiff tr plaintiffs in every of the faid judgments upon verdi&s, writs cc enquiry, demurrer, and every other judgment by them reflectively to be entred, over and above the fees now due for the fame, the fum of four pence, and no more.

Aft to conti- V. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority i-nue one year. foreCud, That this ad Ihall continue and be in force for one yer.

from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix in> dred ninety and three, and from thence to the end of the kt feffion of parliament, and no longer. Continued a year hr,** 1 6 & 7 W. 3. tap. 14. and made perpetual by 7 IS 8 IV. 3. c*.} feft. 3.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for delivering declarations to prifoners.

WHEREAS by the courfe of praftice in the refpeftive «ar.\ record at Weftminfter, after the plaintiff or plaintiffs v, writ ijjucd out of any of the faid courts, have been at great char- , arrtjl the defendant or defendants upon such writ, and the defad " or defendants, for want of fufficient bail, are often committed U and unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs Jkail, before the end of two up next after such arrtjl, caufe such defendant or defendants, by i&v. habeas corpus, to be removed, to be charged m the faid refperr. courts with declarations of the caufe of such aftion or afiiens, j-prifoner or prisoners are upon a common bail or appearance by ati:: ■ difeharged from their imprifonment, to the great prejudice of the pda-tiffs ; for remedy whereof:

Prifoper in H- Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excdl-n cuftody how majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ip::*, charged.  tuai and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliairoi

atfemuH

692.] Anno quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Maria, c. 22. 2x3

trembled, and by die authority of the fame. That if now, or t any time after the five and twentieth day of Martha one thou* md fix hundred ninety and three* any defendant or defendants e taken or charged in cuftody at die fiiic of any perfon or perms, upon any writ or writs out of any of the faid courts at Kytminfler, and imprifoned or detained in prifon for want of ireties for their appearance to the fame, the plaintiff or plain* ft, in such writ or writs, (hall and may, by virtue of this a<ft, fore the end of the next term after such writ or procefs (hall i returnable, declare againft such prisoner or prisoners in the fpe&ive 'court or courts out of which the writ or writs (hall be, whereupon the (aid prisoner or prisoners (hall be. taken 1 Salk. 9 3. d imprifoned or charged in cuftody, and (hall or may caufe true copy thereof to be delivered to such prisoner or prifoners, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon, or gaoler in whose cu->dy such prisoner (hall be or remain : to which declaration or clarations the faid prisoner or prisoners (hall appear and plead j d if such prisoner or prisoners (hall not appear and plead to e fame, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such cafes (hall have judg-jnt in such manner as it the prisoner or prisoners had appear* in the (aid refpedtive courts, and refufed to anfwer or plead such declaration.

III.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, bat in all declarations againft any prisoner or prisoners detain- niton mufl*be in prifon by virtue of any writ or procefs iffued or to be iffu- in cuftodia of out of the court of Kings Bench, it (hall be alledged, in cu- such a fheriif, dy of what (heriff, bailiff, or fteward of any franchife, or icr perfon having the return and execution of writs, such pri* ler or prisoners mall be at the time of such declaration by vir- Carthew, 469. j of the procefs of the faid court at the fuit of the plaintiffs : lich allegation (hall be as good and effectual to all intents and rpofes, as if such prisoner or prisoners were in the cuftody of ? marfhal of the Marjhalfea of our fovereign lord and lady, j King and Queen.

CAP. XXII.

: a£l for regulating proceedings in the crown office in the court of King’s Bench at Weftminfter.

'OR re&ifying the proceedings in the crown office in their Majefties court of King's Bench, and for the greater eafe of their Majefties fubje&s who (hall hereafter be profecuted in ? famej be it enatfted by the King's and Queen’s mpft excel- Perfons hav-t majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ing grants by ^itual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-  and

nt affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no t’0not poration, lord or lords of manors, or other perfon or perfons, piead th*m to ring grants by charter, or other good conveyances, who have an inquifition. Dlled, and had the fame allowed, in and .by the (aid court,

11 hereafter be compelled to plead the fame, to any inquifi-* returned by any coroner; any cuftom or ufage to the con- So much of ry notwithftanding: and if there be any corporations, lord or grants of tc-

loros &*. m

the grant, to be only en-trcd.

Fee to i.

inquidtion.

Penalty upon clerk of the crown ifluing proceft after such entry.

224 Anna quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Maria. c,m. [lfy,

nay exprefs lords of manors, or other perion or perfons, who nov have, or hereafter (hall have such charters or grants from the crown, for felons goods, deodands, and other forfeitures, such corporations, lords of manors, and other perfons, (hall not be com-pelled to inroll their whole charters and grants, bm bring intis fame to the clerk of the drown of the faid court, he (hall inrcl and enter upon record fo much thereof, as may exprefs and it forth the grants of such felons goods, deodands, and forfeiture, and no more ; fordoing whereof he (hall have and receive twen-Afterfuch en-ty (hillings for his fee and entry thereof, and no more; atd try, grantee from and after such inrollment, no corporation, lord of manor, * cJjar?w!r or other perfon or perfons, grantees of such goods or forfeitures, tbcfirnetomg ^all b* compelled to plead the fame in the (aid court, toaayj inquifition thereafter filed therein, touching any goods found thereby; any ufage to the contrary notwith (landing.

< II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afarctaid, That if any clerk of the crown of the laid court (hall heroitw iflus out any procefs againft any coporation, lord of manor, or other perfon or perfons grantees of such felons goods, deodands, and other forfeitures, after inrollment or entry as aforesaid, the udl clerk of the crown (hall for every offence forfeit and pay to the corporation or party grieved thereby, the (urn of five pounds, ts be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Ms-jellies courts of record at tVeJiminJlery wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law (hall be admitted, nor more than one imparlance.

III.  And whereas divers perfons having grants of ftlom gdzi deodands, and inroQed and pleaded as aforesaid,, do many tmm and convey their interejls therein to other perfon or perfons, wW?

aga^^ieir*,  d*vife  defame, or by their deaths such eJkttsfafaiirA

till they* w/r heirs 9 whereby the clerk of the crown of the faid court is m»\ have entredor uncapable to difcern where such intereji lies9 until tbe perfsn tr pleaded their to whom such eftates are conveyed, devjfed, or dtfrnkL iJ lAt€*  come  into the faid courts and make entry of such their clam sir™

faid; be it therefore hereby further enabled by the authonr, i forefaid. That the clerk of the crown of the faid court fata time being, nor any fucceeding clerk there, Hull incur any» nalty mentioned in this a£t, for ifluing procefs againft any x fon or perfons, who (hall not, upon every purchafe of thent of such felons goods and deodands, inroll and plead the purchafe in the faid court; nor againft any devi fee of tto eftate, who (hall not like wife inroli or plead such devife; nc gainft any heir, who (hall not in like manner inroll his or & right by defeent to the fame, and until after such pleas La been allowed of, and approved by the faid court; nor whs by any inqueft of any coroner or coroners, the goods of any f: Ion or felons, or deodands, dial I be by such inqueft not fas to be in the hands of such purchafer, devifee, or heir, or k refpe&ive officer or officers in truft for them refpedively.

IV.  And whereas it is agreeable to jujlice^ that proceeding tsz lawries in criminal caufes Jbould be as publitk and notorious a is i

Clerk of the crown not pa-nilbable for HTuini

i6g2.J Aar» quarto & quinto Gulielmi & Mari/e. c.23. 225

beiaufe  tbt  umftqumtito ptrfmi cut lowed in  caujes

ire mere fatal and  demgerws tt them and tbeir pojlerities, than in any

thtr touftt\ be it further enabled by the authority aforafaid, Aproctama-That upon the iffiiiog of any exigent out of any of their Majo- t*on ■* **“ lies courts, againft any perfon or perions for any criminal mat- !^t°n cornier, before judgment or convi&ion, them (hall iflue out a writ ndcafe*, to be >f proclamation bearing the fame teft and return, to the fherifF delivered three »r (heriffs of the county, city, or town corporate, where the month* before crfon or oerfonsin the record of the (aid proceedings is or are retUrn* icntioned to be or inhabit, according to the form of the (latute tade in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Queen 1* c- J-lizabetb, of blefled memory, which writ of proclamation (hall e delivered to the faid (herin or (herifis three months-before the turn of the fame.

V.  Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- A&toronti. irefaid. That this adt (hall continue and be in force for three n^thr*e tars, from the five and twentieth day of  one  thousand

k.  hundred ninety three, and from thence to the end of the act feflion of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by fy 8 IV.3. tap. 36.  f+.

CAP. XXIII.

n  aft for the more eojy  difeovery and conviftion of at

Jballdeftroy  the game of ibis kingdom.

V HERE AS divers good and necejfary laws boot been  Law* againft'

fere made fer the better prefervatitn tf tbt  game not re-

Tiding which  laws, or fer want  ef the due execution thereof the pealed’t6 **

me of this  kingdom bath been very much defrayed by many idle per- **t

is, who afterwards betake tbemfebves to  ,  burglaries,

nr tike offences, and negltU their lawful employments; for remedy 11 H.7.0.17. lereof, and the more effectual preservation of the game;  19 H.7. cu-

ll Be it enadted by the King’s and Queen’s mod excellent **eh j**cc j*‘ ajefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri- ,5 gliz. c.10.

U and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 1Jac.1lc.a7. cmblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every «•»*• v and (latute now in force for the better ppefervation of the Y**’ me, and every article and thing in them contained, and not c.Yo. rein and hereby altered or repelled, (hall be duly put in exe- n & a? Car.*, cion, according to the tenor of the (aid laws, and under the c<Is- & »s-naltics therein contained, to be railed, levied, and difpofed of, in and by the laid laws ate directed.

III.  And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforesaid, Cenftable bjr ut for the mom easy convkSion of such offenders/ as by the Y*uft*ice mav i laws am prohibited, every conftable, headborough, and tylh- feirch houfes nman, being thereunto authorized by warrant of one or mom of fufpefted lice of the peace, un4er his or their hands and Teals, (hall and perions. iy have full power and authority, and-is hereby required, to.. er into and (batch (in such manner, and with such power, as . _ j and by dn a&fer the mere tffobhtal dif and punijbimnt tf J* r feelers, made in the third and.fourth years of their pmfcnt liellies reigo, is provided, in cafe of venifon or (kin of any Vox. IX.  Q,  deer.

22b Atom qraraKqnmto uvublmi <x maxim* c.aj.

deer, or toy Is) the boufe or houfin, out-hoofes, or otkpkc If hare, See. belonging to fucb houfes or fufpedod perfects not qrc&d ai be found, and aforeuid: and in cafe* any bare, partridge, pheafant, pgan, ownnnammx fifh, fowl, or other game, (hall (upon filch facchorothcifc] count^he f£dl  the offender (hall be carded before force joffat a

be convifted peace of tbe fame county, riding, or dhrifion * and if such pc* by a juftice. fon do not give a good account bow he came by fed hare, tridge, pheafant, pigeon, fi(h, fowl, or other game, fad a (hall (arisfy the faid juftice, or elfe (hall not.in toe coownerj time, to be fet by the (aid juftice, produce the party of vim he bought the fame, or fome other credible perion, to depoii upon oath such fale thereof, that then such perion not grinj such good account nor producing any. fiach tntnefcas aforoid (hall be convfded by the faid juftice of such offeace, and m Penalty upon such convidion (hall forfeit for every hare, partake, phcafmt conviffion $ pigeon, fiih, fowl, or other game, any fum not under foe (hill levytaz °* lings, and not exceeding the fum of tvjenty (hilling tobeaj y *' certained by the faid juftice; one moiety thereof to be paidi the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the pari where the offence was committed; the fame to be levied by« ftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under th hand and feal of the juftice before whom the offender Mi convidted, rendring the overplus, if any be; andforwnj diftrefs, the offender or offenders (hall be committed to A houfe of correction, for any rime not exceeding one icd and not lefs than ten days, there to be whipt and kept to h Perfon having labour; and in cafe any perfon or perfons, not qualified tod greyhound*. jaws 0f this realm fo to do, (hall have, keep, or ufeanybn viaedTand*' greyhounds, fetting-dogs, ferrits, coney dogs, lup, lad punched. nets, tunnels, lowbels, hare pipes, insures, at any otbertton merits for deftru&ion of fob, fowl, or other gam, and Ml thereof convirted upon inch evidence as> atorefiid, the p® or perfons fo convided (hall forfeit and be fabjefi to drd pains and penalties, as are hereby directed to be inflidWiBe the perfon or perfons who ihail be foundtw have any hue, p tridge, pheafant,. pigeon, fiih, fowl, or other game, a m faid ( and if any. perfon or perfons, fo produced orchitis the faid offence, £hall not beforeihe fame suffice give fed?

dence of his. innocence as aforefoid, he ihail be conw&dte of, in the fane manner, as the perfon or perfons firftduj therewith is hereby directed to be, and fofirom perfon topoii until the first offender ihaU be difoovered.

Game keepers IV. And to the end all keepers and gamedceepers, mas may oppofe ed in and duly authorised according to the afi made in then perfons in tbe of the late King Cbarlet the Second, may be indHnoi&d ir n’3pa . * execution of. the foid office, be it enadrd, That all lords at *» si’*j Car.*". nort or otber royalties, or any peifon or perfons authorial «. ty ' * them, as gan)e-keepers, ihail and may, -within theirrefptr ~ •• • • manor? or royalties, oppofe and refift such offender in the ns "  *• tuftCjin. the fame manner, and be equally indemnified tor fc:

••  '  •  *  *  i  J

2

>92.3" Anno qmm;St quinto GulielmiSc Haim^ 'C.2 j.

r,  as if suchfaft had been committed within any ancient chafe, * rk, or wareen inclofcd whatfixarnr. ,

V.  And wbanas divers idif,, disorderly, and moan parfonsy boot Prions not i hup nets, anglex, leaps, pifhrr, ami other engines far the taking owners of i kilting of fifi ont tf the ponds, wafers, riveri, and other Juntos, fifcerie*, may the damage of the owners thereof ; be it therefore enafted by the  keeP “***

thority atomaid, That no perfon or jperfons whatfoever fhail ^ * i may, at any time ou times from and after the five and.twen~ h day of March, which ihalj be in the year of our Load one. ufand fix, hundred ninety three, have or keep any net, angle*.

3, piche, or other engine for the taking of fi(h, other than ( makers and feHera thereof, for their better convcniency in fale erf* the finne, and other than the owner and occupier of-r river or fiftienr ion the time being; and moreover, That it Owaer of* J II and may be lawful, not only for the owner or occupier of *?*****>' r river or filhery^ and aHb for all and every other perlbn and Tons by him or them for-that, purpose appointed, to feize, fifhery, and ain, and .keep, to his and their own ufe and ufes, all and any pet font ' ry net, angle, leap, piche, and other epgine, which he or  bf

y Avail find ufed dr laid, or in the cuftody or poffcfiion of ’ perlbn or paribus whatfoever, fifhipg in any river or filhery pofe’of them • arfoever without the content of the owner or occupier there* as he will, but olfofor any peHon or peribns whatfoever (being there**

0  authorised by warrant under the hand and feal of any ju~ e of the peace of-the fame coenty, divifion, borough, town porate, or any other place) m the day-time to fearch the lies, ouO’hodies, or other places of any perfon or perfons eby prohibited to;have or keep the fame, as fhail be iufpeft* to have or keep,4t» his or their cuftody or poffeffion, any net,

,le, leap, piche, or other engine afbrefaid, and the fame and ry or any of them to feize, detain, and keep, to his and their n ufe and ufes, or otherwise to cut in pieces or deftroy, as igs by this aft prohibited to be kept by perfons of their rec.

71. Provided always. That this, aft, or any thing therein Fi&erm«n,frc* tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lawfully au-idge any fiftierman or his apprentice or apprentices, lawfully  •*"

horized to fiih 1a navigable rivers or waters, with lawful nets ccp e

1  engines; but that every of them (hail and shay (according the laws and orders made, and to be made and fettled,? for

good order, rale, and government of ;flich navigable ri~ s and waters) ufe the trade of fiftuug, as they fowAiHy might re done before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft

stained to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg. ■ -*  ....

/’ll- And whereas divers ojfenderr duly convithd, do commonlyfro* f writ t of certiorari to remove fitch convictions into fitperior courts Vefttninfter, in hopes thereby te difiwragt and weary out fitch No <erti$nm • ins injured hy mat delays, expenses, and incertainties; be to of convi&ion, refore enafted, That no certiorari (hall be allowed to remove convfftcd give ' conviftion made, or other proceeding of, for or concerning fifty pounds matter or thing in this aft, unlefe the party or parties, againft fecunty to pay

2  whom

cofts.

MS Anno quiito & quinto GtTLigLMi & Maria, c.23. [1691,

whom inch convitftion (hall be made, (hall before the allowance of fiich certiorari become bound to the perfon or perfons profe-cuting, in die fum of fifty pounds, with such fuffident faretss, ms the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom such ofendcj was convided, (hall think fit, with condition to pay unto the find profecutors (within one month after such conviction coo-finned, or procedendo granted) their full cofts and charges, to be afcertained upon their oaths ; and that in default thereof it flufi be lawful for the (aid juftice and juftices, and others, to proceed to the due execution of fiich convi&ion, in such manner as if Tk_r  no certiorari had been awarded.

ed^£?*nia^ Vin. Provided, That where any offender (hall be pwift-uot poniflable ed by force of this a&9 he (hall not be profecuted, nor inly others for cUr the penalty of any other law or ftatute for the tunc the base of- oftnee.

******  IX.  Provided  always. That if any a&ion, hill, plaint, or

fuit, (hall at any time after the faid qve and twentieth day of Perfoas filed March», be commenced or brought againft any perfon or period nmlSwd whatfoever, for or by reafon of any matter or thing which bee recover treble they (hall do in purniance of this a<ft, it (hall and may be hwfi to and for the perfon or perfons fo fued or profeemed to pbad the general ifiiie, and give this adt or any other fpedal matter e evidence $ and if the verdid (hall pafs with the defieodant or defendants in such action, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs becart nonfuit, or fuffer any difcontinmance thereof, that in any cafe such defendant or defendants (hall have his or their trefe cofts, which he or they (hall have fuftained in defence of fid a&ion or fuit, for which the faid. defendant or defendants have the like remedy, as in other cafes where.cofts by the h*> of this realm are given to the defendants.

X.  And whereat great mifchiefs do enfue by inferior'tradchen. See. liable to apprentices, and other diffobite perfons mgleQtng their trades mdn cofts, for com- payments* who follow hunting, pjbing* and other game* to them mg cm another **anj damage of their neighbours j for remedy wfertaf

be it enaefted by the authority aforcfeid, That if any fiich per-fim, as aforeftid, (hall prefume to hunt, hawk, fim, or fend (unlefe in company with die mafter of such apprentice, dui? qualified by law) such perfon or perfons (haU be fubje& to tk penalties of this a&, and (hall or may he fued and prefects for their wilful trefpafs in such their coming On anyperfbo land, and if found guilty thereof, tht plaintiff (hall not only;? cover his damages thereby fuftained, but his full cofts of uc any former law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.  Provided always, and oe it ensued, That for the bear preferring the red and black game of groufe, commonly callc heath-cocks* or heath-pots, no perfon whatfoever, on any mo& tains, hills, heaths, moors, forefts, chafes, or, other wads (hall prefume to bum, between the fecondday of February, n twenty fourth of Juney any grig, ling, heath, furze, go&, 1 fern, upon pain that the offender or offenders (hall be comm ted to the houfe of corrcdtioni for any time not exceeding on

mod

Tradefmen,

man's ground to hum. See.

Penalty upon perfens burning ling, &c. upon bcathi.

^j2j4miQ iiuart<i& quiiitQGxirl5LMi & Mari*. 0.24; 229

month, tndnot Ids than ten d*)te, thereto be whipt, and kept to hard labour*

CAP. XXIV.

An off for reviving, continuing,, and explaining feveral laws therein meniioned,Auhicb are expired and near expiring.

Vtf HERE AS divers temporary laws, which by experience have vv been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring, andJbme of than are already expired; therefore for continuing and reviving, the fiffle, and explaining certain, doubts hereafter mentioned :

II.  Be-it enaftedby* the King’s and Queen’s mofr excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lord* fpiri-

tuai and temporal,, and commons; m this prefent parliament X) & uCar.i. aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made c.*o. tor pip-in the feflton or parliament held in the thirteenth and four-teenth years of the reign of King .Cbarlettht Second, inti- navt^c.con-tuled, An aft for providing carriages by land and by water, for tinned bv seq tbs Mfe of his MafffitnQVy and ordnance,' which was thereby to  of 1 J«c.*.

have continuance* arid beinforce until the end of the first feffion c-,f: fa**1*1* of the next parliament, and no longer; which faid aft being ex-  •

pirtd, was by one 4ft made in the first year of the late King u W. j. Janes revived, and way enafted to have continuance during the c. 13.

/pace of seven years, from the four and twentieth day of juney in the year of our Lord one thoufarid fix hundred eighty* five, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of parliament then next enftiipg, fhaH be* and is hereby continued, and, (hall be in force during the fpace of seven years, from the thirteenth day of February, pnt.thc&fand fix hundred ninety two, and from thence to the encf of the first feffion pf parliament then next enfuing, yriooJoitter, EXP*

III.  4np be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, 18 Car.*. c.j.

That an aft made*in the eighteenth year of the reign of the late about coinage, Eng Charles the Second; intituled. An aft for encouraging  |L

enngge, and continued by another aft made in the five and twen-

tieth year of the reign Of the faid late King Charles, intituled. An ads are conti-

cfl for continuing a former aft concerning coinage \ both which faid nued fox ^

ads were revived by an aft made in.the first year of the reign pf y****

the tyc King James, and were enafted to have, continuance for ^^pued for

the fpace of foven years, to commence from the first day of Au- 7 years.

gujl, one thousand fix hundred eighty fire, and until the end of 19 Geo. *.*

the first feffion of parliament then next following, fhall be and c* H-

are by virtue of this sft continued, and (hall be in force for the

[pace of seven years, from the thirteenth day of February, .one

thousand fix hundred ninety two, and from thence unto the end

if the first feffion of parliament then next following, and no

. And whereas an aft of parliament was made in the feffion  $ a3 Car• »•

*tu*4 in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth years .of the yAVof sign of the late King\ Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the t'orfeu . >etter and more certain recovery pf fir es and forfeitures due to tures, copti-tif Afajcfty} which find aft, by an aft made in the first year of she reign n“«d by *J*ct

3  9f

11 jo  Anno quarts&qumtoGvl)BLidi fcMAurffiC,^ [t&ji,

and hereby . of thelateKing Jax&estheSecosd, toasreviveidaadtiUttle'tltt tM?e per^**  from the nineteenth day of May, in the year of out''Loti  n

3  Geo. i.  thousandfix hundred eighty foe, and to have

c.i j. Ci*. of Ieven years, and from thence' to the end of the next ftffumtf parliament :And whereas the fame hath been  it

good and uftfiA law-, and much 'conducing to the feniceof the crczr.; be it enacted by th<5 authority aforefeid, That the Uid afi, and every article, ckrofo, and thing, therein contained, fhdl be in force, and is herebymadt perpetual.

Oath to be V. And he it-furtherenaited, by the authority 0fore6id,Thit gi*en upon re. frotir henceforth allcjfcrksaf -the court of-Jfty’c Btnth, Cleife of I?™,?* cf" the odvrt.ci-Common Pitch, chHts of ttfifee, dktfcaof the pact,

■  '  town ckrjcs,: dorjes of fewer*, clerks of the qiufcets, hod others

to whom it fadengeth to make moms'of bftrdatswno the cow of Extbeyukri thafiL, upch delivery itro£:alltaad wvery fotheftreat and eftreats, taketheoath following, that iato fey, •

YOU' /hall Finah,. That theft  now  m

truly Oni cirrfuJJp' inodeup Uni exkrmmd, and that at jinn, 1  .  iffiat, ammtimtnts, tecognizencts, and forfeitures, which uxrt ft!,

,  To/U' impofed, or forfeited, and in right mi due  M

v • . to bt treated in the court of £xch^u«n, .art, to the btftfpe , hnewudgt-dnd  stndeefimdmg, aid that ini  <befc*!

.threatsare alfo contained aUdtxprtjfei ail fiuh fines vs bow been phi hda the court, front, which the fatdefirtats'ort made, without m pailful xr.. fraudulent difeharge, oSnitfm, mtfnomer, or deficit vkl-,  Jamhr.  1  •

Sohdpyan’God

Which faid oath the barons of the court of Exlhtftter, or any » of them, are and is Hereby requived and impq Wdred to-admmi-fter fipm time to time accordingly.  *

Sr*S Cer.s. VI. And be it further enacted by tht^ authority aforesaid, a r' contihU' That an ad made at the feftion of pdrinmeht holden in the by i ?ncT* *e! *wo and twentieth and three arid* twentieth years of the -i7'. fi j. and reigft of the late King Charles fist Second, intituled. An u ■ hereby further prevent the planting ojtobacco in England, continued for piantatamtrade, which by an' iCt ’matte in the ErR'yOar of the Madeperpe- *we James was chaCbed to have adhtitlvlattce froth the fir' nrd with (i day. of the then prefeat feflion of parliament, for seven yean tar.».cm  by j ana from thence to the end of the next feflion of piditment.

Geo. i. c. n. fhzli by virtue of this iiCt, continue, and (hall be in force foi the /pace of seven years from the faid thirteenth day of February, one thousand fix hundred ninety two, and thence tt the end of the next feflion of parliament-. -i9 Car *. e. VTI, And be it further ena&ed, That an a61 made in th< -ii. about af. nineteenth year of the reign of the late King  the  Se

ffghing Ex- cond, intituled. An a£i for aligning orders Exchequer w'r-f^or-  out revocation •, which aA in the first yeir. of the reign rf thi

eg by U late King fames the Second was enaAed- to be ih force froir t Jbc. >. c.i7. the firAday of the then prefent fe(Son >of .parliament,. and tt

.  continut

rfyi.J AiAe^arto&qiiintoGuLiELMt & Maria, c.24.  231

continue for seven years, and froth thence to the end of the f- 9*and /ar~ ncxt feffion of parliament, is hereby continued, and (hall he^^0”^* in force for the (pace of seven years, from the thirteenth day cf ea • * ^ February, one thousand fix hundred ninety two, and from Whence  ., ♦

to the end of the next feffion of parliament. EXP.

VIII.  And whereas an aft made at the feffipn of parliament holden »s& *3 Car. • in the fend tvfl and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the

reign of the faid late King Charles the Second> intituled, An aft to and the navy. > revive an aft, mtkuled. An aft to prevent the difturbance of (tores, conrtw 7 fcamen and other?, and to preferve the (lores belonging to nued ; ' his Majesty’s navy rdyalv with fome alterations and additions, J ^ 1 C; If#‘ was by an aft made in the firjt year of the late King James the Se- tiuther c«*i* and enaftei to he in force from ikeftrfl day of the then prefent fef- nued for y ‘ -pin of parliament, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the yeaw* - •  1

pfl fqfm of the next parliament; be it enafted. That the faid lift mentioned aft be continue:!, andfhaFl be in forcefor the (pace of seven years, from the thirteenth day of February, one tfrou-fend fix hundred nipety two, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament. EXP.

IX.  And whereas an aft was made at the faidfeffion ofparliament M & Car hid in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the c. 19. about reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, Intituled, An aft tb buying cattle prevent frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in SmitbfielH inSmithfield, and elfewhmt, which was thereby to continue in force from the four

end twentieth day of June, one'thmfand fix hundred Jevehty one, and c 10. farther

pm tbtkce, to the. endof the next feffioh Of parliament: And ivhere- continued for

os thejbid aft being expired, was afterwards, by an a ft made in the 7 ycarVEXP‘

firfiyear 'of the reign of the hit King Tames the Second, enafted to 11 c j*

be in force frdrh the'pur and twentieth day of June, one tboufand 5 Ann. c. 34.

p hundred eighty five, for seven years, and from thence to the end 7 Ann.c. 6.

cf the next feffion.of parliament: Neverthtlefs it was thereby proT

tided. That neither, the faid aft, nor , any thing therein Contained,

jhsuld extend to filefinen or faftors enrpfoyedbyfarmers or feeders; be  ...

it enafted by nte authority aforefaid. That the faid ift, together

with the faid proVifo, (hall continue and be in force for the  *

fpace of feven*years from the thirteenth day of February, one

thousand fix hundred ninety twovand from thence unto the

end of the next1 feffion of parliament^ and ho longer. EXP.

X.  And be it further enafted, That an aft made in the first , \y. Sc M.

year of' their Majefties reign, intituled. An aft for the betterpre- ff. i.c. 3*/ venting the exportation cf wool, and encouraging the woollen manu- about expor-filture of this kingdom, and every claufe; article, and thing tation of wool, therein contained (other than and except such part of the lain  °r

aft as relates to the free exportation of the woollen manafafture) 7 w. 3*c. is. (hall be and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force for 9 w. 3. c. 40. the term of three years, from the thirteenth day of Febru- Wool not to cry, one thousand fix hundred ninety two, and from thence to inland the end of the rfext feffion of parliament, and no longer. Pro- to Exeter, vided always, That no wool (hall be imported from the kingdom of Ireland into the port of Exeter 5 any thing in this aft,

cu •  *.

2 j 2  Anno quarto  quinta GuliELMI & Marias# c. 24. [1691

or in any former aft, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary m any wife notwithftanding.

1*5 & 14Car. *.t XI. And whereas an aft made in the thirteenth end fjotitab fief *0/°theC' **ars °f  re*&n °f  Charles *be Second,  intituled, An ad to?

poor, continu- the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, was enafted to h&t ed by i JaC.*. continuance (except what related to the corporations therein mtntim, c. 17. and far- and thereby conflitutedfuntil the twenty ninth day of May, m thz-e3fby°llt*nU* ft*  fi**?.  fiVi' ^ from thence t0 the end of the ft!,

3&4 W.&M .f*JFtcn °f the next parliament \ which faid aft, by an aft nuieiniu c. n. continu- fir ft pear of the reign of the late King James (except os tcwk&n-for 7 yean Jated to the corporations therein mentioned, and conftitutti thereh} MmkieroetuMlwas  & he in force from the firft.day of May, one tkskti

by 11 AnfueT fi* hundred eighty five, and To to continue for the Jpace of fiven jar:, fiat. i. c. 18. and from thence to the end of the next Jejfion of parliament: irJ whereas by an off made in the laft fejfon of this prefent parEaaent the faid loft mentioned aft (as to what therein related to the fettlemt cf the. Poor) was enafted to be in force from the first day of March, c* thpufmd fix hundred ninety one, but no provifion was tbereh) tstii for continuing of divers other parts of the faid aft9 which hj ixft-rience are found to he ufeful and beneficial to the publick: Be it enabled by the authority aforefiud, That the faid aft for th; better relief of the poor of this kingdom, as to ail parr thereof not mentioned and continued in and by the fee aft made in the laft feflion of this prefent parliament (other than and except what relates to the corporations mentioned: jhe faid aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdr. and thereby conftituted) (hall be continued, and (hall be in for for the fpace offevtn years from the thirteenth day of Fdnc\ one thoufimd fix hundred ninety two, and from thence to t end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

30 Car. 1. fiat. XII. And be it further enafted by the authority ribrefri, x.c. 7 about That ^ aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of & eainftCexecii- Charles the Second, intituled. An aft to enable creditors to rzir tors <U fin tort their debts of the executors and adminifirators of executes istia continued by own wrong; which faid aft in the first year of the reign i t& n Jac. *. c. 17. jatc King James the Second, was enacted to be in forcefrea perpetual.* the firfl day of the then prefent feflion of parliament, and*; pew/awt continue for feren years, and from thence to the end of u againft execu- first feflion, of the then next parliament, (hall be and is hens tor* by right. continued and made perpetual. And forafmuch as it hath bec a doubt whether the faia aft did extend to any executor or u-ecutors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators of any executor ortf-miniftrator of right, who for want of privity in law were n before anfwerable, nor could be fued for the debts due from r by the fir/l teftator or inteftate, notwithftanding that such executors or adminiftrators had wafted the goods and efhte of 6* £rft teftatpr or inteftate, or converted the fame to his or the: pwn ufe : For femedy whereof be it further enafted and cellared by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the at-cutor and executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators of ILri executor or adminiftrator of right, who (hall wafte or confer

692.] Aiu|0<iiK^ftqa^QvLi9i^&MAitiA. c.24. 333 > his owq ufe, goods, chattels, or cftateof his teftatjor or in*

:ftate, (hall from * henceforth be liable and chargeable in the , me manner as his or their teftator or intcflatc fhould or might ave been; any law or ufcge to the; contrary ^ notwithftand-

\lll. And v&ereps by an 08 mafitat  the kfl fitffien of-tbiy pre- , *+w.& M.

at parliament, intituled. An ad to Uyke away clergy frot^ tome c.9. continued fenders, and to btjing others to pupiduncnt, itwayenalfed, in for j yew-fes where a man, being cenvifled of fthaj, might demand the fit of hit  clergy, a woman unviReafor such like offence, and pray- £ J4> *  ‘  **

g the benefit  of thatJhtute, foulq not Asps judgment of death

venagainfi her upon  finch cormRion,or executionaward/d uppn any

tlawry for such offence, but jbould fufertbe Jana petmfiment as a ■  •  >

an who hath the benefit of his clergy tn the hie cafe  :

nd  whereas fome^ -doubt hath drifen upon the findfiatute  q

man Jhatlahave the benefit  thereofmore than ones be4t there*

re declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if ty woman hath-been, or at any time hereafter fhall be, con- only <Sed of any felony* for which a man. might .have the benefit to have bene, 'clergy, and upon her prayer hath once had, or hereafter fhall & of clergy tee nave, the benefit, of the 614 ftatutefc and, fhall. be .again  .

rnvided of any other felony, foe which ^ man might have the  tFjVffx,

tnefit of his clergy, such woman (hall he, and is hereby totally 114. *. ccluded &9(n having any benefit, or advantage of the faid fta-ite, but fhallfuller. pains.of death.in such and thefame man-sr as if the find'fiatute had not beat made. And be it further laded, That the(aid Jail mentioned ad fhall continue and be *-force for the fpaee of tfrree years, from the thirteenth day of tbruary, qne thousand fix hunqred ninety two, and from thence the end of the next feffion of parliament, and nolonger.

XIV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, I? & 14 Car. 'hat an ad made at the feffion of parliament hoiden in .the *. c. jj. about irteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late'King P™f*ftS>c?n~

barles the Second, intituled. An alt for preventing m  ,*?*

inting  /editions,treafonablt, and weUeonced books and  continued

d for regulating of printing and printing prejfes, which was, by one year 1 aft made in thefirft yearofthe reign of the late King James, vived and enacted to have continuance from the twenty fourth ty of June, one thousand fix hundred eighty five, for thle (pace ' seven years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion ’ parliament t be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That e faid ad be continued and fhall be in force for the fpaee of te year, from the thirteenth day of February, one thousand fix indred ninety two, and from thence to the end of the next Sion of parliament, and no longer. EXP.

XV.  And whereas a certain a8 made at the feffion of parliament ,$& ,7 c«r.

Id in the fifteenth and ftventeenth years of toe reign of the late a. c. 3.

ing Charles the Second, intituled. An ad far returning of able id fufficient Jurors, is expired j be it cnaded by the authority orefaid. That all jurors (other than ftrangers upon trials per Udietattm Lingua)who arc to be returned for trials of iflues

*  '  joi*4

&3+ *Antto qU^lto^ipihiWGUt'liLMr^^Tffji fek4. [1692'.

joined M way of the courts bf Jpay's Bench, Caifliuk Pitas, or All juror* to ■Qtchtqittr, or befort jiriHCes-of Office, Or  ojtr  and

have to I. per ietmitofr, gaol delivery,- -Or'general quarter legions of the peace, *nn*  foem and afthr the flrtt Sxf Of  one fhouEtnd tbc hundred

ninety three, in any cpunty. of this realm of England, Hull e-•  .  •  • VdtV v/t tHfcth have in thetrrmn frame, or in ’trnftfor them,

.......... wfthin the fame -couhty; 'ten ’fxwnfls by the year at leaft abovt

reprizes. Of freehold of copyhold lands or tenements, or of .i I ", lands and tenements ttf ancient demdh, or in rents, or in all or any of the faid larfds,- tenements of rents, in fee-'fimple, fa-tall, orfortfcfcfifeof themfeHos, m Ibthe other perfon: And Welch juror* that in every county.of the dominion of  every foch ju*

<1. per ann. ^ ft,ajl then htvt within the fittat County i$x pounds by the year it leak, in manner aforesaid, abbve realizes. AH which peHbtt, haring iiich eflates as aforetajd,' are hert/by enabled and made liable to he returned atr<J ferve as jurors for the trial of Hfofes before the <c6ufts tmd jtifliCeS aforefemapy law 6r to-• • *  •'  tute to me cOntfaty hr any "Wife notvrithfhnidihg. And if any of

•1 •  a lefler 'effete/atid v abate fhall he rripe&tvehr returned upon any

' f| foch July. it.ftfeH he a gtfcd cWfe of 'challenge and the party • returned (hall be tfifeharged bpori fee laid.' Challenge, or open < -  ,  his Orrtttjoithbf the troth bf the feid mattef. Add that no iury-

• :•+*•■» tnarfi.Mudsv making defitdt, Ihaffl he laved, hut 5y fptcial or-'der rif *theJcOurf or judges before whom die. iflbe is to be tried, for fomf Veaforrabfe eaufe proied upon oath.before the fame Iffues (hall be cmtft of judges i and all foch rffoes fhall be -duly eftteaed and ^^^ated ?eried; ithd Sit writ Of Venirefddas, which frprft and after the 7 W. j. c. ,j.thneiforeftW; fhafl he ariartSto and dhoftedforthe hrrpatielling tif juries iri'tsrufes aforefitid, within any county of EnilA fltafl bf after this fortnf-• • • ■ : '

•  1  '  "U  'EX,  tft.  predpitmk,  Ifr.  quod  venire  f*.

JV deniirltbem fj Iqedis , de Vlnneto it 'Jtl'qw'

• ■ < .  Dabeat  f)e'ontlibrnf  Terra, Tbstmentot* vfl RtdAituum

• • • ad minus, per'pin, • (At. hf qui net, &t.

And the refiduc Of the hud writ fhall be sffter the ancient manner : and that the writs, which fhall be' awarded and directed for roe returning of juries withih the dominion! of Wales, Hull he made in thefamemanner', altering only the word for Sex 1 and that upon every foch writ or rirffs of Venire facias the lhemf,' coroner, and other minHters of each refpeftive county in Englandutsd Wales, unto whom the making of the panel toll appertain, (hall not return in' any foch panel any perfoi), un-lefs he (hall then have ten pounds, or lbc pounds, refpedively by the year at lead, as aforeraid, in the lime county where the Penalty upon iuUe is to be tried, upon pain to forfeit for every perfon being re-fhtriff other- turned in any foch panel, that (hall not then have ten pounds wile return- tor fIX pounds refpe&ively, as aforesaid, the fom of fivg pounds to their Majafties, their heirs, and (ucceflors.

’ XVI. -And be it further enacted, Thpt no (heriff or bailiff of " “ •  any

1692.3 Auoo-^uaSd &c.25.  235

any liberty or franchife, or any of their or either of their mini- Penalty upon fters^ fkflt jfetQCh hM Wb.4f^0n’ or perfcns W iferefilld* to (heriff return-have been fummoned by,them, or any of them, unlefs such gfaJL®fiun-perfon and perfons flvalfthhye Wen duly (ufomoned by the fpace mom, or ex-of fix d^ys -at the. lesdU before, the day on which -they ought to cufing for re. make their appearance; nor (hall directly or indireftly take mo- wan*« ney or Other.rfcWardto <x£ufc the appearance of any juror, by any of them to be- furtrtnttned nr returned, -upon pain to fprt-frit for every fadt offence the Elm of teh pdututt to their Ma* jeftie^, tteir heira and fucceflbn.  ,  '

XVU. . Saving-neveitbylefi to all cities, boroughs, tod towns Boroughs, &c. corporate, their arujient ufege of returning juror^ of such eftate, excepted, and in faefi minner, as heretofore' has been ufed and accuftony ed; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.  ;

XVflL Provided neyerthclefs,. That it (hall be lawful to rsr  --

turn any perfon to. ferve upon the Tale nariy epunty -within 5 the kingdom of England, who (ball have within the fame county five pounds by the year, abovd repnzes, it) manner aforesaid, and£«wheritife. ' \  "  \  '

XIX.  Provided lie vertbtlcft, That it (hall be lawful to return wdeh

any perform to ferye upop foe Tales ity any County within the 31. per anu. dominion of Walls,who (hall have within the feme county throe pounds bythe year, above reprises, in manner afore(aid,( arid not ofoerwife. •  '

XX.  And bt‘ it farther ebafted by the authority aforesaid, .  .

That no fee or reward whatfoever (hall be taken by any (herifF, J^n^cer clerk of affixes, or any pther officer of peffon whatfoever, for taking fee for the returning of any fates, or upon the account.pf any Tales re- returning an/ turned, dpott' paih of forfeiting for every such offence, the

fom of tun pounds, whereof one moiety to be to .the ufe of the prefecutor,' and the other moiety to the ufe, of their Ma-jefttes, their heifs and fuccelfofs, to be recovered by aftion of debt, Ml,-plaint, or information. Wherein no effoin, protection, or wager', of law, pr more than one imparlance (nail be aRowed. * '  .

XXI.  Ahd belt further ettafted. That no writ de nanpenen-

dis in Jfffjlfs & juratis (had be hereafter granted, unlefs upon grantable up-oath made, that the fuggeftions upon which the (aid writ is 0,1 oath ‘“’y-granted are true.

XXII- And be ft enafted, That fo much qF fois prelent aft Aft to as does relate to the returhing.of jurors, (hill be in force for noe tMeu the (pace of'thtefe years, from the faid first day of May, one yezn» ***° thouwnd fix -hundred ninety three, and from thence to the end of the nekj feffion of parliament./ farther continued by 9 Geo,

t.  r. C, 2. 1

*  CAP.  XXV.

An aft for continuing the afts for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France, and for the encouragement of privateers. i W.Sc M. ftff.t. EXP. cap. 54. continued by* W item.fcff. a. cap. 14. continued for three yeafrfcnt. .. „

Anna

EXE.

F-l-

4 & J W. U. c. 5.

kVw‘

Anno <pjinpoGuLlEl.Ml& Mari*. e.i, (1693.

Z>* RegniGULIELMI & MARUE

quinto&fexto.  I

AT /Fr parliament begun at Weftminftdr twentieth j «/ March, Anno Dom. 1689 if the reign of our fovereign lord and lady, William and Mary, by the grate of. God, of England, Scotland, France,. and Ireland, King and Queen, defenders of the faith, tcc. and from tBente continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to the fevcntbiay of November, 1693. fosj the fifth fejfton of ibis

\ CAP. I.  .  „

Ah aft for granting tor their M^efties an aid of fbur fhiflmgs ill the pound .for one j»auy for carrying on a vigorous'tear igtunft France.

• cap. n:

An aft for repeating fucb parts of feveral farmer tBs, ti prevent or.prohibit the importation  aqua

: vit*,  and other Jpirifs,  and bacon, except from France.  1

WHEREAS by one^ obi of parliament in tie. fourth fifth years of their Majefties reign. Intituled, An ad for granting to their Mq}cfties certain additional irppofitions upon leveral goods'and merchandizes for the profeeuting the prricnt: war againft France^the commons ajfcmbud in parliament, omy other duties and charges by the faid (fit granted to their Upon goods and merchandizes imported after theday of March, ent  thousandftdhundred ninety two, ana before the firftday y March,

one thonfand fix hundred mnety fix, did grant to their for every gallon of Jfrong waters, aqua vitae, or brandy, comm.) ■called, Angle brandy, or ftrong waters, imported voitmn the fail time, to he paid by the importer before  two  /billings,  out

and above the duties  ofexcife and at any time before the

tend year of. thtirMajtftus reign payable for the feme \ and forever) gallon offro tig Waters,  Jpirits, or brandy above proof, coded double

brandy, imported within the faid time, to he paid by tie importer before landing, four /hillings ,over and above the duties of Cuftoms, at any time before the ftcond year of their Majefties rapt, payable for the fame; and by one other 7 in the fqme year nude, tituled ',An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for (ecurinj certain recompences and advantages in the laid aft mentioned to such perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carryingpn the war againft Aw/, the faid commons did grant to their Majeftiesfor every gallon offanft brandy, fpirits, or aqua vitae, imported from beyond the to he paid by the importer before landing, over and above all other payable for the  fame? fix pence i and for every gallon of-brandy, fat-

fit^

J93-] Anoorxjuiillo GUL&LMI & MARIt*.C; 2.  ljj  '

ts,  or aqua  vitadabawpeatf, commonly called double brandy, im-

rud from beyond tin leas, to it  paid by the imptrter before

v and above ail other duties payable for the fame, one /hilling:  •

bid)  groat, contrary to the intention of the faid commons, became

tfftlhul to their  Majeftiesi for that all importation of brandy was, ■

one a£ of parliament made in the first year of their ign, intituled* An ad for prohibiting all trade and commerce iW.&M.tti. sb France, prohibited to be imported into England and Ireland, and c*3+* t dominions and ijkatds therein named, from and after the four and entietb day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one  Jin

wired eighty.nine: For remedy whereof, and that the revenueL King by the faid grants may be for the future anfwered to their' ajefties, according to the purport of the faid first recited ads.

II.  Be it enaded by the King’s'and Queen’s mod excellent ijefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri- ‘

>1 and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament emhled, and by the authority of the fame. That one daufe

the laid ad, for prohibiting of all trade and commerce with  '

ime, in thcfe words, (that is to lay) and be it further enaffed, of at no fort of brandy, aqua vitae, or ether  or  diftiQedtVt.tcM.tLi.

iters, of am Kingdom, country, or place wbatfoever,  after tbt

ifour aha twentieth day of.Auguft,  be imported into the kingdoms ^

England  or Ireland aforesaid,  dominions or iflands afore faid, pcolo/L ■ i

ier pain if forfftyfry thereof, as ajfo of the flip or vejfel wherein e fame /ball be imported, is, and malt be by virtue of this ad,

>m the first day of this prefent feffion of parliament, repealed} y thing in the faid ad for prohibiting all trade and commerce. th France, or any oifier law or ftatute to the contrary not-thftanding.

III.  Provided always, and be it enaded. That the duties of °*" d (hillings and four (hillings a gallon, upon fiqgle brandy bnndT*

1 double brandy refpedively impofed by the laid .firft recited , above the duties of excite and cuftoms a,t any time before, fecond year of their Majefties reign payable for the fame,. i thereby intended, and (hall be cohftrued, to extend to fitch ies as were then payable for the fame, by any ftatute then in'

:e, and not otherwife j and that no fort of brandy^ aqua vita, other fpirits, (hall be imported from France into this king* n, or any of the dominions and territories thereunto belong-, by virtue of this g&, other than as the fame is provided^

I enaded to be imported by one ad of this prefent pariia-

nt, made in the find fourth and fifth years of their Majefties

tn, intituled. An ail for continuing tbt for prohibiting all otc* W. Sc M.

ie and commerce with France, and for the encouragement of?- *5-

vateers.

V.  And whereas there was further granted to their  Cuflmh upo*

be faid first recited ail, four pence for every pound of bacon im •  imported within the time limited, by the faid ait, which could not be  5\v.&M.

vered to their  Majeflies, becaufethe importation of bacon is pro- c. j.

red byfne  ail of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the tsCar.*>s.».

nof th* late King Charles, tbt Second, intituled. An ad-againlt *

import'

»j8  Aquo quints QgLtttMi  [(69).

importing eattle from Inland, other parts beyond defeat, and fifii taken by foreigner*: And by one other aft main toCar. *. c. 7.  twentieth  yaor  ofbis /aid intituled, An k-

" ditional ad agsiaft the importation of foren cattle; be it enaded by the authority aforefiud, That the laid fin of tour pence for every pound of bacon imported* granted to their Majcfties by the laid ad, flail be paid, and ahfwesed to their Majefties from die first day of this praent feffion of pariumem, for and during the continuance of the laid ad; any thing in the laid recked ada of the eighteenth and twentieth of the bid King Charles the Second, or any other law or ftamte to the contrary uotwithftanding.

CAP; III.

exp. du aft far the importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, aid

Naples thrown

*W.StM.£1. 'IXT’HEREAS by an aft made in theyear af firir Afc-c. 9. Exp. v V fifties reign, intituled. An ad lor the difcouragm^ tb: importation of thrown filk, among/ ether things in thefori tj remained, the bringing in  ofthriven fill of the growth or •;

Italy, Sicily, or the kingdom ^Naples, it prohibited, unlefs ed in fitch fbips and vejftls, and navigated in  manner, as is

nfirifrut by an aft made in.tht twelfth year of the reign of King Charles Second, intituled, An ad for the encouragement and increaih: of the fhippmg and navigation, is direfted ojr afftnvtd, and br:.r from feme of the ports of theft countries or places it/bereof the fee,! • of the growth or production, and which come  kj  fca,

not otherwifosand whereas  navigation, Italian, r.

Sicilian thrown fihI may, be brought from any port or place ff/"Emrp;

*  and that it hath been found by experience, that the important:

Italian, Sicilian, and Naples f9k, by the ways priferibed by recited aft (in regard of the great difficulties and hazard tccafitfii the prefent War with Franee) h  and if hr^er  css-

fumed Will efiddnger  tbelofi of thefilk of this not:?,, See.

Fine thrown Italian filk way be imported, during the prelent wsr wi France, and three months .after. Coarfe filk, let. not to be imper:. Penalty. All Italian filk «uft be brought to the cuftom hoole. Look*.

' CAP- iv.

4»aft to repeal a clauft in the. fiatutt made in the few os thirtieth and five mi thirtieth years.of- King Hairy Eighth, by which jufticof peace tn Wades are limit:: eight in each county.

WHEREAS in a Jlatute made in the thirty fourth and if. 1 _,,.....  fifth  years  of the reign if King Henry the  , .vr|

uai. l. 55. An ad for certain ordinances in the King’s mayefty’s domic and principality of Wales, there is a clauft or  1

theft words, that is to fay. Item, That there (hall not exceed ,  number of eight juftices of the peace in any of the laid ihirt-

over and be Odes the prefidenf, cpuucil, andjuftiecs atfoncu-

rw

1693O An»o><nJl0tD GuiiELMidt Mahijb,- a.g.

M the King’* attorney and (Wicftw i which prertctent, cooticilj. uftices, vfid theKing’s-attornty andlbhcker, (hall be put* ii* very commifion of 'peace, i» "every of the laid twelve (hire? ? nd whereas the law contained itt ihO-eiaafe ot  experience

cound to he inconvenient  :

II.  Be. k-therefore ertafted bythe’King's and QumnVfflofc  f

xcellent majefties, by and with the advice and content of the>

>rds fpirittial and temporal, and commons, in parliament af- .  -  l  <

tmbled, and by authority of the*fane, That thefaid claufe op

'tide be from Henceforth abfdlutriy repeated and vacated to alf

■tents and: purposes; and that it malt and array be lawfttl to

nd for the Kinr’s and Queen?s tnoft excellent msjefties, thein

eirs and faccenbrs, by cotnmiffioiv under the great feat* of

2ngland, to confHtute^ nominate, and appoint, from time'to

me, any fiteh-number of perform to be tumoesof peace-in any

f the fatd counties of /Pbfai,as they (tail think- fitting and eon-

mient, according tofuch ways and methods os art commonly

fed for the-cenftituting, nominating, end-appointing,-of'juftice*

F the-peace in and for atiy> county of England-, and .that thd King may no-srfons fo conftttmed, nominated, and appointed, doll hard min«e *ny >wer and authority to aftand to-do any njamfcr of thing pen* lining to the'office of a juftice ofpcaee, in. islafge and ampM Wales, tanner is- any- juftice -or jtrftkes of the peace within the do-tin ion of Wain might or ought to have donebefora the making F this aft; any law, (htute, tafage, or ordinance, to the con-* ary in any wife notwithftaaamg.

CAP. V.

« all tofkppb &e  defieieuty. af the maueyraefed bya former

alt, intituled, An aft for granting td their Majeftiei certain rates mid duties or excife upon* beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecunn^certajh recompences and advantages, in the faid. aft rnthtioned%' to such perfons* as fluft voluntarily advance thf ' fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towai^carvykig' on the war agasuft -Franca.

T7HERE AS by an  alt of tins'  prtjenb parliament, , 4.&J w.&M.

r V An . aft for granting-to their Kfajeffiescertain rates and c. j. ities of excife, for (retiring certain recompences and advances m the (aid dft mentioned, to fach perions as (haH volunta-y advance the fom of ten hundred thousand pounds towards rrying on the war .againft Prance; H was ,That it lawful for any perfons, natives of foreignert, to contribute towards r advancing  the fumoften hundred thousand-pounds for the,purpofes  ’

r rein mentioned, by, paying into their  receipt  of Re-

equer futh fum or fums of money, at times, ana upon fnch,  >

•ms refpellively, as in the Jaid alt are particularly mentioned and brejflid: and whereas the  fiveralfums paid in upon the fetid  alt by

• Jeveral  contributors did and do in the whole amount but to the fum

eight hundred eighty one- thousandfour hundred ninety thru pounds

fourteen

*40

Jfl

. per eent. ■ lLfe, for every 100L fcdvanced*

Orders tranf-ferrable.

Duties appropriated tor 'payment.

Aono quinto GtiLflELMI 6r Maiia c.5.  [169;

fourteen  fitting*and toot  pent*:We your Majefties loyal

and dutiful fubjeday (he commons in parliament aflepHtd, being fenfihle of the great and necefikry expeaces, in which your Majefties are engaged for carrying on the prefax war agjM the French Icing, and being denrous to fiiaply the hoe in fcfc manner as may be lead: grievous to your Majefties (abjeds, «b befeecb your Majefties that it may .be (spaded:

II.  And be it epa&ed by the King’s and Quern's nod a-eellcnt majefties,- by and wh the advice and cadent of tfe lords fpiritusl-smd temporal, and conuppas, in this pndat pr-liament aflembled, and by the. authority of the fane, Thar it fhall and may be lawful far any perfons, natives or faepm, to contribute towards the advancing the fum of one hunted and eighteen tbpufand five bupdred and fix pounds fire ihiitags and ten pence, to make up the whole fum or teo Jaadned land pounds by the fad recited ad intended to beadwoced, by paying into the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer, at any tunc before the.firft day of May., one tboufand fix bundled ninety four, any fum or turns of money, opt exceeding in the «h» thefom of one hundred and eighteep thoufaid five hundred sod fix pounds 'five {hillings and ten pence, upon the terms folio*-' tngi (that is to fay,-) That every such perfbn, out of fa n&s and dudes of excue granted by the fad recited ad, fall ban and receive, for every fum of one hundred pounds by da refpedively advanced and paid, a yearly annuity, rent, or py-tnent of fourteen pounds of lawful  money,  and proper-

tionably for a greater fum, for and during the life of fiich pc-' fon fo advancing or paying the fame, or during any other .2 to be* nominated by the perfbn advancing or paying-any sc film as afbrefad, the fame to be nominated within fix days r* payment of filch fum, i which yeaiiy annuities, rents, orp.vj meats, (hall commence from the four and twentieth dn a Junenext enfuing, and (hall be paid and payable at thtibor 010ft ufual feafts of the year, that Is to fay, the armunriSKo if the blefled virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Jtytjf, the1 fieaft of Saint Michael the afthfcngel, and foe waft of fatrh of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions; and err perfon,.on payment of any such fum or fums as aforefxid, ft: 1 immediately have one or more tally qr tallies, importing«| receipt of the confidention money, and orders for the paprai of the fad annuities, bearing the fame-date with the tally; :l: fad tallies to be levied, and the faid orders to be figned, in d: fame manner as in the fad recited ad is mentioned touch;,

' tallies and orders to be given to the contributors for annuhi upon the fad ad, and the faid orders not to be determimt; revocable, or Countennandable, as touching tile foremenuerd orders in the faid recited ad is enadtd; which faid orders» be a Arguable and transferraUe in such and the fame mann*-,* is mentioned in the fad recited ad, touching orders given w the contributors in the faid ad mentioned; and all the rates al duties-by the laid recited ad granted, over and befidcs fomid

a1

>93*1 Anno quinto Gulielmi & Marine, c.g.  341

(hall bear proportion, at the rates in the faid aft mentioned, the whole fum of eight hundred eighty one thousand four ndred ninety three pounds fourteen millings and two pence, eady advanced by the contributors upon the faid recited aft,

: and (hail be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appro* ated, fo and for tne payment of the faid annuities, yearly its, or Aims, after the rate of fourteen pounds per centum per mm, for every hundred pounds to be advanced as aforesaid, ording to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and (hall be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpose atfoever, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, refpeft to all and every the officers and other perfons in the I recited aft mentioned, as are in the faid aft appointed and fted, in cafe of diverting or milapplying any part of the nies which ought to be paid to the contributors upon the : aft 1 and the faid officers are hereby required to keep books

I  regifters, and make entries of the names of all perfons who

II  advance any'tnomes before the faid first day of May , crt0”f refa'id, and of the feveral Aims fo advanced, and the times of p *

ing in the fame refpeftively, and the names of such perfons whose lives the feveral annuities or yearly payments are to payable, without fee or reward, in flich manner as in the i recited zA is mentioned; to which books all perfons con-led (hall have aceefc, as in the faid zA alfo is directed * all ich the faid officers are to do and perform, under the like alties and forfeitures, and difabilities, as in the faid recited Penalty, are mentioned; and every perfon, who (hall advance and any such fum as aforesaid, before the first day of May as intcreft be# cfaid, (hall reeeive out of the money granted by the faid re* twixt May i act, for all money fo advanced by him and paid, from the wd June* eftive days of payment unto the four and twentieth day of e as aforesaid, intereft at the rate of ten pounds per centum annum.

[I. And be it further enafted, That any monies payable to Monty lent perfon or perfons, upon or by virtue of this aft, mall not free from rharged or chargeable with any rates, duties, or impofitions taxes, itfoever: and in cafe there (hall be any Airplgs or remainder Surplus to the he monies mrifing by the faid rates and duties of excife, at end of any year during the term of ninety nine years grant* herein by the faid former aft, after making all the payments ch by this, or the faid former aft, are appointed to be paid fatisfied within the fame year, or referving money for the e, such furplus or remainder (hall be tp the ufe of their jellies, their heirs and fucceflors.

V. And to make the payment of the annuities more easy to Certificate of feveral contributors upon this and the before recited aft, both  1

n the terms of furvivorlhip, and the annuity of fourteen nds per centum \ be it enafted, That every contributor upon or the former aft, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or rns, upon their demanding any half yearly or quarterly pay*, it of his, her, or their refpeftive (hares of either of the faid rvi. IX,  R  funds

242  Anno  quinto  Gulielmi  Sf  Marim,  c.5.  [1693

funds (unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the f^id receipt (hall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their re fpe&ivc nominee, figned by the miniftcr and churchwardens c the pariih where such nominee (hall be then living, as by th (aidrecited adt is appointed, or otberwife it (hall and mayb lawful to and for every contributor, bis or her executors, ad xniniftrators or afligns, at his, her or their election, to mak oath of the truth of his, her or their refpedtive nominee’s life upon the day when the faid payments (hall become due, betor any one or more juftices of the peace of the refpe&ive county riding, city, town, or place wherein such perfon at the time 0 making the (aid .oath (nail refide (which oath he or they ar hereby impowered to adminifter) and the faid juftice or juftice (hall make a certificate thereof, for which oath and certificat no fee or reward (hall be required; and the faid certificate, (hall be filed in the faid office or receipt of the Exchequer : an< if any perfon (lull be guilty of a falfie oath, or forcing any certificate, touching the premifies, and be thereof lawfully con viCted, he (hall incur the pains and penalties to be inflided upon perfons who commit wilful perjury or forgery : and in of any nominee (hall at the time of such demand be refident ii Scotland, or beyond the feas, gad any one or more of the baron of the Exchequer for the time being (hall certify, that upon proc to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are here by authorized and required to take in a fummary way) itdo.ii feem probable to him or them, that the faid nominee is li»-, (which certificate is to be given, and examination made, without fee or charge) the faid certificate, being filed as aforeia:^ (hall be a fufficient warrant for making the faid quarterly pay ment to the refpedive contributors or advancers, their executors Penalty on adminrftrators or alfigns: and if any perfon or perfons (hall

Penalty on perjury and Forcing of certificate.

Certificate of

nominee's

abfence.

receiving after ceive one or more nominee's death.

Provifion for those that have not named any life.

: quarterly payments upon his, her or their an nuity or annuities, tor any time beyond the death of his, hera1 their nominee, when the lame ought to ceafe, such perfon or pe^ fons (hall forfeit treble the value of the monies fo by him, herd them received * the one half thereof to their IViajefhes, their hek and fucceflors, and the other half to him or them that will fj for the fame, by aCtion, fuit, bill, or information, in which u efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than 4 imparlance (hall be allowed.

V. And whereas feveral perfons, who did contribute, advan^\ pay feveral of the fums of money which have been contributed, ct:\ or paid upon the faid recited aft* for Jbares% dividends, annuities other benefits in the faid aft mentioned refpeftively, as well upend t nefit of furvivorflnp, as upon the yearly annuities of fourteen pour, 1 centum, did net name to the auditor of the receipt, or clerk of th in the receipt of the Exchequer, by or within the refpefthe irr.it the faid aft appointed9 the refpefthe lives* during which fuebdivw Jhares, annuities, or other benefits refpeftively wen to continue; i hereby further enadted and provided by the authority atonic that if such perfons, or any of them, (hall at any time or tie

,  bea

i6gj.J  A11110 qutoto Gulielm*& Marine., c.6.  243

before the first day of March next, nominate to the auditor #f the receipt, or the clerk of the pells in the faid Exchequer, the refpeftive lives (their own or others) during which such dividends, (hares, annuities, or other benefits, (hould continue re-fpedivelv, that then and in’ every such cafe his, her or their nominees mall be entred nrthe books kept in the (aid receipt for the nominees; and every such contributor or contributors, his her and their executors, adminiftrators and afltgns refpedhvely,

(hall have^ receive and enjoy, and be intituled to have, receive , and enjoy, such and the like dividends, (hares, annuities and other benefits, for and in refpedt of the monies fo contributed, advanced or paid, as he, (he or they might, (hould or ought to have had, received or enjoyed, in cafe the refpe&ive lives for the fame had been named within the refpeftive times by the faid ad prefcribed 5 any thing in this or the faid former a<S contained to the contrary notwithftanding.  Surplus not to

VI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, that thefurplus be charged or remainder.of the monies arifing by the faid rates and duties, Pcn<ion5> appointed by the faid adtto be to the ufe of their Majefties, their &c* heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall not be charged or chargeable with any gift, grant or penfion whatfoever; and that all and every grant and grants of any such penfions (hall be and is hereby declared to be utterly void; and all and every perfon and perfons to whom such grants are or (hall be pafled, fhall be and are hereby made accountants unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, and (hall pay back all fums of money received by pretence of such grants, and the court of Exchequer is hereby required to HTue out procefc accordingly.

CAP. VI.

An aS to prevent difputes and controverjies concerning royal

mines.

WHEREAS by aclaufe in one aft of parliament made in the first xW. fcfyl.fr. f# feqr of their Majefties reign, intituled, an a& to repeal the c* 3°* flatute made, in the fifth year of King Henry the Fourth, againft the multiplying of gold and filver; it is amongjf other things enaft-td, thot no mine of tin, copper, iron or leadi jhall hereafter be adjudge , d, reputed or taken to be a royal mine, although gold or filver may be vtrafted out of the fame: but notwithftanding the good provifton by \be faid flatute to prevent the difeouraging their Majefties good Jub-to, who have mines of copper, tin, iron or lead in their foils, from Urging and opening the fame, many doubts, and queftions have arifen tpw theflatute, whereby great futts and troubles have arifen to many rxntrs and proprietors of such mines \ wherefore for the better ex- . donation of the faid ftatute:

II. Be it enadted and declared by the King’s and Queen’s moft Owners of ixcellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the mines (hall tn« ords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent W them* wrliamentaflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that all tnd every perfon or perfons, being fubjedls of the crown of Eng-ond, bodies politick or corporate, that now are or hereafter (hall

R 2  be

on the rate* following.

Anno quinto Gulielmi & Marias, c. 6.  [1693,

be the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of any mine or mines within the kingdom of England* dominion of Wah, or; town of Berwick upon Tweed, wherein any ore now is, or hereafter (hall be difeovered, opened, found or wrought, and in Which there is copper, tin, iron or lead. Stall and may hold and enjoy the fame miiie or mines and ore, and continue m thepof-fieffion thereof, and dig and work the faid mine or mines or ore, notwithstanding that such mine or mines or ore (hall be pretended or claimed to be a royal mine or royal mines; any law, ufage or cuitom to the contrary notwithftanaing.

TheKing may IH. Provided always, and be it enadted and declared, That have the ore their Majefties, their neirs and fucceflors, and all claiming anv royal mines under them, (hall and mar have the ore of any such mine or mines in any part of the faid Kingdom df'England, minion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed (other than tin ore in the Counties of Devon and 'Cornwall) paying tothepro-prietors or owners of the (aid mine or mines wherein such oreis or (hall be found, within thirty days after the (aid ore is or (hall be raifed and laid upon the banks ofthe faid mine or mines, and before the fame be removed from thence, the rates following (that is to foy) for all ore waiht, made clean, and merchantable, wherein is copper, the rate of fifteen pounds per ton; and fin all ore wafht, made clean, and merchantable, wherein there a tin, the rate of forty (hillings per ton; and for all ore waiht, made clean, and merchantable, wherein there is iron, thentt of forty Shillings per ton; and for aR ore waiht, made dean, as merchantable, where there is lead, the rate of nine pounds ^ ton. And in default of payment of such refpedive fums as afore faid, it (hall and may be rawfiil for the owners and proprietors a the faid mine or mines, wherein such ore is, are or (hill b< found, to fdl and difpofe of the faid ore to his and their owi ufes; any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

, —__________  IV.  Provided always. That nothing contained in this flul

cturte^' icc. alter, determine, or make void the charters granted to the tin fcved. ners of Devon and Cornwall, by any of the Kings and Queens 0 this realm, or any of the liberties, privileges or frafichifes oftfK faid tinners, or to alter, determine or make void the laws, cuf toms or conftitutions of the (tanneries of Devon or Cornwall, 01 any of them.

The tinnert

CAP

94*] Anno qutnto & fcxto Guuelmi & Marls, c* 245 CAP. VII.

aft for* granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties ipon fall, and upon beer, «/*, «*vd a/ivr liquors, for fecur-ng certain recompencts and advantages in the find aft Mentioned, to fitch per fens as Jball voluntarily advance the km of ten hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on be war againfi France.

foft gracious Sovereigns,

ZE your Majefties moft loyal and dutiful fubjeds the com-f  mons, in parliament aflembled, being fenfible of the great

neceftary expences in which your Majefties are engaged^

:arrying on the prefent war againft the french King; ana being ous to fupply the fame in such manner as may be leaft grie-> to your Majefties fqbjeds: Therefore for the encourage-it of luchperionswho (hall voluntarily contribute to the advan-; and paying into your Majefties Exchequer, towards carrying he faid war, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the of teo hundred thousand pounds, upon the rejjpe&i ve terms recoropcnccs hereafter mentioned, we your Majefties faid 1 and dutiful fubjeds the commons, inpaniamentaffembled, s given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto r Majefties the feveral rates and duties hereinafter men-ed, for and during the feveral terms herein after exprefled, do bd^echyour Majefties that it may be- enaded:

r.  And be it enacted by the King’s and Queen’s moil Rates uponfalt llent majefties, by the advice and coraent of " the 3 >'*ar#:

5  fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament af->led, and by the authority of the fame. That from and af- fronted by tbis the five and twentieth day of March one thousand fix <*8 f" 9 fc 10 dred ninety four, there (hall be throughout the king-.w > c. 3+. of England, dominion of Walts, and town of Berwick up-tweed, raifed, levied, cojlcded, and paid unto their Ma- c. 31. is, their heirs and fucccflbrs, until the feventeenth day of S which (hall be in the year of our lord one thou&na fix dred ninety feven, and no longer, forfait, the rates and du-following, (that is to fay)

I.  For every gallon of lalt, not being of the product or ma-dure of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or F^f^n 1 of Berwick upon Tweed, imported or to be imported from \dIitLnd °Jul after the faid five and twentieth day of March into the faid ties by 9 Sc 10. dom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick W. 3. c. 44.

\ Tweed, the fum of three pence of lawful money of England, *•  ** & 4*

b paid by the importer thereof, over and above the prefent es now payable for fait imported, and after that rate for a ter or letter quantity. And for every gallon of fait and rock- Homc ^ made at the fait-works, or taken out of any pits, within ^ faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of 1 R 3  #r-

is

246 Anno qoifitb & ftxtd GoltelmiAc Maria. «.j. [1%

Berwick upon Tweedy the fum of one penny halfpenny, and if-ter that rate for a greater or leflfer qbaAritjr.

Duty upon fo- IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefcid, Thr reip fait when the’duty hereby fet on all foreign and imported lalt (hail beferj ^x^mtud by t‘me t0 timc fe^^d and paid by the merchant or merchant^ &*w. importer or importers of the feme, in reaflV nionty, upon k. f. 4.1. but re- or their entry or entries made, and before me landing there peaLd as to aod that in cafe any foreign or imposed felt QiaHte landed’

and^Uitional Put ob ^ore out anY foip or vefiel froip beyond the fcas,be duty on foretqn f°re due entry be made thereof with the collector or officers* fats, by 3. Geo. pointed or to be appointed for the faid duty on (alt, in the pci »• c. *0. /. 1.or place where the fame (ball be imported, or-beforethe<frj 6  impofcd  be fully fatisfied and paid, or without a ranrj

Geo. ^e* f°r the landing or delivering of such imported CdtMfgnd tbefe 6 months by the hand of the faid collector or officer for the fcid day oJ tmwrged to 9 by fiyt in the faid port and place refpectivdy, that all fcAitnpcn* - * r. *9. cj fajt^ as  jaaded, put on {hore, or delivered,'crard

to the true intent and meaning hereof' or the value there! (hall be forfeited and loft, and (nail be recovered of the imps or proprietor thereof, in manner as is herein after prmiddi neverthelefs, that all and every peribn importing smymintod kijtgdom, for which the aforefaid duty is payable: by this aj (ball have fix months time for the jiaympnt thereof frem a time of the importation, giving fecurity to the peribn appora tp collect the fame: and in cafe such importer (Hall payrtij money, he (hall have after the rate of ten per eehtmf^m out of the faid duty abated him.  '

Managers of V* And be it further enabled by the authority afordiid, Ta 3liia duty. the faid duties on fait (hall from time to time be withinfcd peipt, management, and government of the chief commifej and governors of the receipt of excife for the time being, andia all collectors and other officers neceflary for the afccrtainicf,^ lecting, or receiving of the faid duty upon fait, (hall be act tuted and appointed under the hands arid feafe ofthe id con mifiioners and governors of the receipt of excife for tfcefek ing, or the .major part of them y ana that all penalties rife Recovery of features by this act impofed (hall be fued for, recovered, ta penalties, &c. an(j received, or mitigated, by the fame meanb, rules, ir and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture is to be feed fore:: coverable, or is mentioned, exprejffed, or directed to bcrcconi x*Car.». c.24. *n anc^ bY onc a& parliament made ip the twelfth year of 1 *  ’  '  * reign ofthe late King CW/r;theSepnd,intituled,jfetfd?/^^

away the court of wards >aiid liveries yOndtenures In capite,W^*V;' fervicty and purveyance, and fettling a revenue on bis Myefih-thereof or by any other law or ftatute now iri ibree relatirr the revenue of excife ; and that as fully and amply to all inter as if the feveral clauses in the faid acts, or any ofthem, coca ed, were herein re-enacted or repeated.

Entries of the  And  belt,  exacted,.  That  all fakers and proprietor^

quantities, * felt, and rock-falt, within the kingdom of England, domiri pf Wales ^ and town of Berwick npon Tweedy (hall from th

£>9* J _ Anno quinto & fcxto Guuelmi & Marijb. c.7.  247

nc make true entries with the faid officers fo to be appointed aforesaid, iome or one of them, of the quantities of fait fo by em made, or taken out of any pit or pits, and delivered or im->rted as aforesaid, and (hall likewife have a warrantor ticket, ider the hand and feal of. fome one of the faid officers, im- Officers wardering such maker or proprietor of fait to carry away the rant to remote Tie, before such time as the faid felt made or taken out of any fait#

: or pits, within any the places aforesaid, or any part thereof, ill be removed or carried from the refpedtive fait-works or pits, der the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein after mention-, which faid warrant the faid officers are hereby required to re gratis unto the faid makers 'or proprietors of such fait,' upon yment, or giving fecurity for the payment, of.the duties here-granted, within fix months after such entry made $ which ferity the faid commiflioners and officers are hereby authorized d required to accept upon such entry as aforefaid. Provided Rebate on vays. That if any perfon or perfons, at the time of the entry prompt pay- * d delivery of his or their felt, (hall pay down the duty hereby racnt-pofed, such perfon or perfons (hall be allowed at the rate of 1 pounds ter centum per annum for the fame,

VII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty for hall and may be lawful for the faid officers, fd appointed, to conveying fait ze all such fait, which (hall from and after the (aid five and wlthout war-entieth day of March be Conveying or conveyed, by day or^nu night, either by land onby water, before due entry be made' such lalt. Without warrant, ticket, or licence obtained from s commiflioners of the duties granted by this adt, *heir collec-s or officers, or fome or one of them as afbfdaid, for the iveying or carrying the faid fait: and the fait that (hall be fo zed (hall be brought fo the office appointed for thefe duties, xt adjoining to the place where such fait (hall be fo feized,

:re to be detained and kept; and in cafe the fait fo feized (halt ' t be claimed by the true and lawful owner thereof, or by one puted under his or their hand, within ten days after fotzure, r faid fait (hall be abfolutely forfeited to their Majefties, and til be fold the next general day of fale, to be appointed by the nmiflioners, or their officers refpedtively, after the faid days r expired; the one moiety or half part of the proceed thereof 1 neceflanr charges being fim deducted out ofthe wholejto be paid * the ufe of their Majefties, and the other moiety or half-part to b* * d to the party or parties who feized the feme: and in cafe'

•h fait fo feized (hall be claimed within ten days, by-the true

d lawful owner thereof^ or by one deputed thereunto under his*

nd, and if the faid owner or ciaimer (hall neverthelefenegleCt, or -

ufe to make it appear before the next juftice of peace of the

unty where such feizqre (hall be made, by the oath of one or Further penalty

>re credible witnefles (which oath the faid juftice is hereby im- by a. & %

wered to adminifter) that the faid fait fo feized was Or had beenlc* M* h

ly entred, and a warrant, ticket, or licence obtained, for the

rying and conveying the Tame as aforesaid, that then the fakt

I (hall Jikewife.be forfeited to their Majefties, to be fold and*

pofed of a? aforefaid $ and every perfon who (hall carry or

R 4  convey.

148  Anno qutato& facto Gtf liblmi  Sc Mari  m. £7.[169^

convey, or Caufe any fait to be carried and conveyed, before due entry made, ana warrant or licence obtained as ifort&id, (hall Mkewife forfeit to their Majefties double the value of foch fait fo carried or conveyed, hetailer not to VIII. And be it further enaAed, That no retailer or (hop-convey fait by keeper lhall be permitted to (hip ahy fait to be feht tt any port ^|er» b*f°re within this kingdom of  dominion  of Woles, and towa

w *  of Berwick upon Tweedy before he hathmade it appear by oath,

or otherwife before the commiflionert for collecting of the fed duties granted by this a&, or their offit*M, or tonne, or one of them, that the duty of such fait is paid, or fecured to be pad, or that it was bought of feme other retailer or fhopkeeper tint hath paid the duty.

Matter of vef- IX. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every wferand W how to aft. commander of any (hip or vefiel whatfoever, thatfrom and after the faid five and twentieth day of March (hall tranfpwt or car-ryany fait, orrock-falt, from one port to another, within thw kingdom of England,dominion of faults, and town of Upon Tweed, (hall (before he or they have any warrant torthe landing or delivering of such fait, byhimtranfported andcarried On (hore in any port) deliver to the officers for collecting the y duties granted by this aCt, in the faid port appointed to mm the Came, a true particular of the quantity to tranfpoited and carried,as aforefatd, figned by die officers forcolleChng the hid fc-ties granted by this aCt, and by the officers of the caftan; «' the port from whence the faid (hip orveflel quite; and that tie the mafter or his mate, or the boatfwain of toch (hip or w&s. (hall make oath before the commiffionere for colleCtiag the duties granted by this aCt, their officers, tome, or one ofthas, fbtfipnvfonj that to his knowledge there hath not been laid on board, or 2-are enlarged in ken into the faid (hip or vefiel, any (kit, fince be or they era iG*°' IlJ’**• from such port as' afotefaid ; and in cafefuch (hip or vefiel be t; tended t» beats <W‘vor one Part her fait at one port, and another part a m-and barges car. other port or ports, that then the officers for collecting tie fed tyingfaU frem duties, and officers of the cuftoms, when such part of tie hid enters, kte. fait foall be delivered, (hall certify on the backfide of the orc-quet, tranfire, or other warrant, or elfe by certificate alone, under the hands and feals of the officers, how much, and quantity of the fait mentioned si the  otbe

warrant, from the port from whence such (hip or vefiel a hath been there landed and delivered, upon the penalty of forfeiting double the value of the fait that (hall be otherwife deiire-ed. And be it further enaCted, That.no fee or reward be had Ticket to be taken for making, ifiuinz, or granting any of the tickets, wr-gtveii  gra/ts*ronts>  or licences herein before mentioned, but that the Cunt x

made, iflued, and granted gratis.

Reward to ex ■ X. Provided always, and be it enadVed by the authority afon-porter of cer- faid, That for all such fi(h, hereafter mentioned, as (hall bees-tain fith. ported, during the continuance of the duty upon (alt by this art impofed, from any port or place in this kingdom, dominion ■ ■ Walet,or town of Berwick upon Tweed, into parts beyond &

fo-

1694*} A«no qijiafQ&: fcgto QvhblMI & Makia. C.7.  249

leas,-fcy my perfott or perfons whatfotver, the rates or fums of pnoncy hereafter exprefled (that is to fay) for every caik or veffei of pilchards or fmas,contaiping fifty gallons, twelve (hillings, and fo proportionally for a greater or Ic/Tef quantity.: for every band of; white herrings two (hillings and fix pence j for every band of rod herrings two (hillings: for every barrel of falmon five (billing*: for every hundred of cod-fifti, ling, conger, or hake, fifteen (hillings, and fo proportionally for a greater or (mailer number or quantity, (hall be paid by the officer appointed to coiled the duties upon fait payable by this a<ft, in the fame howto be paid port from whence any fach.fifh (hall be exported, within thirty days afttr demand thereof, on a debenture, to be prepared by the collector of the Cuftoms in the port where such nfh (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of fearchcr in such port, as to the quantity of fifh actually (hipped and that the oath of the exporter or agent be firll taken before the principal officers of the faid port, before the debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and impowered tt> give the foid oath, that the fifh in such debenture mentioned were Engfijk taken, and really exported to parts beyond the Teas, and not intended to be relanded in Engla, Walts* or j for which debenture no fee of reward (hall be taken. And in cafe the. officer hereby directed to pay such debenture, (hall not have diffident money in his hands to pay the fame, then, upon certificate thereof by him made (which certificate he is hereby requiredjto give the patty  gratis) the prindpal commiflioners for

managing their Majefties revenue of excife for the time being (hall be changeable with the (aid payment, to be made in courfe out of the fint money in their hands arifing out of the faid duties upon foils .and any officer neglecting or refilling to pay the faid rooney^ or to give such certificate as is here directed, (hall forfeit double the fum fo to be paid to the party grieved, to be reco- -vered by addon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, .

XL Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority afore- Duty maid faid. Tbit if any perfon or perfoos (hall export beyond the leas upon expats-any fob, as well foreign as Engl\Jba or any rock-falt, the officer of the'place where the faid fait was made, taken out of pits, or yST** imported, and the duty thereof paid or fecured to be paid, (hall iettUnd, tit upon demand deliver gratis a certificate under his hand and fcal, ljUqf Mm, that the duty impofed by this aCt on such fait hath been duly 7erAs< and paid ok. fecured to • be paid, and then the officer of the place  h  *

where the fid t is exported, .upon producing the faid certificate, * * nnst,c',+ and oath made of (nipping off the faid fak, and of its not being relaoded in England, or Wales, (hall give a debenture under his hand for repayment of the faid duty, which being produced to the .officer of the place where the duty on the faid fait (hall have been paid, or fecured to be paid, such fecurity (hall be dif-charged; and all and every fum and films of money paid for the duty of the.faid fait (hall lie repaid upon demand by the faid officer, without fee or reward.

XII.  And

150 Anno quinto & fexto GtJLiELMi & Mari/£. c.7. [ 1694.

Juft ices (hall  XII. And be it further enafted, That the juftices of the peace

fet the rate of not concerned in making or felling fait, in every county, riding, '  or divifionof England, mall, and are hereby authorized and em-

powered at every Eajler and Michaelmas quarter feflions, to fet the prices of all fait and rock fait, to be fold by the maker or ftrft feller thereof in the faid county, for the half year next enTuing, ahd that no perfon or perfons, that (hall be the maker or firfl feller of any fait, (hall fell the fame for more than the prices fo Penalty for fet by the faid juftices as aforesaid, over and above the duty pay-felling above able by virtue of this aft, upon pain of forfeiting for every iuch the price. offence five pounds, and double the value of the (alt fo fold, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods ; the one moiety thereof to be paid to their Majefties, their heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer.

What (hall be XIII. And be it enafted and declared. That all fait imported deemed fo- xSr brought by fea or land, into the kingdom of England'j domi-reign fait im- nion cf Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and not of the port * product of any of the faid places, (hall be adjudged and deemed t6 be foreign lalt imported, and (hall be charged as such with the duty of three pence per gallon by this aft granted, and that all Scotch fait brought into England by land (hall be entred at Carlifii or Berwick, with the officer or officers for that purpose there to be appointed, under the* penalty of the forfeiture or double the vblufe of such fait fo brought in.  ,

be - ,XIV. And be .it enafted by the authority aforefeip, TfTiat no Seen bycom- P^on or perfons ihall be capable of afting as chief copimiffioner miflioners and for collefting the faid duties granted by this aft, until he or they under officers, (hall, before one of the barons of the Exchequer, take the oaths iW&M. IT. 1. appointed by an aft of parliament made in the firil year of their c* *•  Majefties  reign,  intituled, An aft for the abrogating the oaths of

fupremacy and allegiance% and appointing other oaths, and the oath following:

YO U JhdJl fwear to execute your office truly and faithfafkp without favour or affeftion, and JbaU from time to time true account make and deliver tofuch perfon and perfons as their Majefties Jbfdl appoint to receive the fame,ana /ball take no fee or rewardfor the exposition of the faid office from any other perfon than from their Majefties, or those whom their Majefties Jhall appoint on that behalf:

. So help you God# £7#

XV; And be it likewife enafted. That no perfon or .pfi&ns (hall be capable of intermeddling with any office or employment relating to the faid duties granted by this aft, other than of chief commiffioner, until he or they (hall (before two or more of the chief commiftioners for collefting the duties granted by this aft, or before two or more of the juftices of the peace pf the county or place where they (hall be appointed officers for execution of this aft) take the aforefaid oaths appointed by the faid aft, and the faid other laft mentioned oath, mutatU mutandis-, and

>94-] Anno tffykio & fcxto Gulielmi & Maria, c.7.  251

©faid barons of the Exchequer, and chief comrriifltbriers fcir Getting the feid duties granted by this aft, and the faid jufti-s, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter the faid

iths.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any perfon perfons fued • perfons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing for executing r him ortheth done or executed inpurfuance of this aft, he or this aft may ey (hall or may plead the genera! iflue, and give this aft In evi-•nee for his defence *, and if Upon trial a verdict (hall pafs for double colts, edefeneferftor defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonit, difeontinue, or forbear profecutirig the faid aftions, then :h defendant or defendants (hall have double cofts to him or tern awatfled againft such plaintiff or plaintiffs j for Which cofts 5 (hall have such remedy as in other cafes where cofts are by vv given to defendants. '

XvII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no writ orSoCirtiorari rits of Certiorari (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon orders, ion any order or orders made by the faid chief commiflioners r juftices of peace ih purfuance of this aft, but that execution id other proceedings (hall and may be had ahd made thereupon, • ly such writ1 dr writs, or allowance thereof notwithftandlng.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, for thfe certainihg of all meafures where the faid duties are to be paid,

'hat all (alt be meafured by a bufliel of right gallons WinmeJiertX~; 7 ** v.* leafure, and by fit meafurers living upon the place where the 3' * 3 * * *** ilt is made, to'be fwom and admitted by fomejuftice of peace ear adjefining, Without charge or, fee, upon forfeiture of oiible the value of the fait that (hall not be fo meafured.

XIX* And be It enafted, That no fah (hall be delivered from f ny felt works or pits without ^otice first given to the officer ap-  with-

ointed for that purpose, upoft pain of forfeiture of the fait fo 0ut notice, slivered, and upon pain of twenty pounds to be forfeited by the wner or owners of the fait works or pits where such falts (hall e fo delivered; the moiety of which forfeitures to be to the ufe f the prbfefcutors, and the other moiety to the ufe of their lajefties.

XX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid,

"hat if any of the (alt, for which the duty (hall hdve been re- landing.

aid and difeharged upon, the exportation thereof, as is herein

efore direfted, (hall (by fraud or otherwife) be landed in Eng-

\ndy dominion of ffwesj or town of Berwick upon Tweedy be-

>re the duty be again paid, and such entry and all other things  ->

erformed, as tfre fierriri 'before required in cafe where any fo^

sign felt is imported, every perfon fb offending (hall forfeit

ouble the value of such felt fo landed, and such other penalties

nd forfeitures as are herein inflifted upon any perfon who (hall

and any foreign fait contrary to the true intent and meaning of

his aft.

XXI'. Ahd be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid, provy;on for That if any merchant or other perfon, being a fubjeft of^rfons jofing

*5* Anno quinto & facto Guuelmi & Maeiju [1694;

this realm of England, (hall during the continuance ofthis acl, (hip any fait or rock fait that hath paid the duty to their Maje-fties by thisa#impofed, to convey it by ica to any part of England, and the veffcl on which such fait as aforefaid is (hipt, (hall either perifh at fea, or be taken by enemies, with such (alt on board her, that in such cafe any merchant, or perfon, owner of the faid fait, (hall, upon proof made before the jufticcs of the peace at the quarter feffions held for the county, riding, divifion, ot town wherein he doth inhabit, of the lofe of such fak (b (hipt, receive from the faid feffions a certificate that such proof was made before them, and upon producing the faid certificate to any of their Majcfties officers appointed to colic# the duty by this act impofed, the faid officer or officers are hereby required to let such perfons buy the like quantity of fait, as is exprefied in 1 the certificate to be loft, without paying to their Mqeftics any duty or excife for- the fame ; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Owner not to XXII. Provided alfo, and be it ena#ed, That it (hall and may till be lawful for the owners and proprietors of any fait rock, or rock tait be to a. fa]t> tQ rcmove an(j carry out Qf ancj from pjtg or wapohoufes

adjoining to or belonging to such pits, into his or their ware-houfes, or other places for ftoring thereof, for conveniency of felling or (hipping off the fame, any of the faid (alt rock or rock (alt, after due entry made thereof, and a warrantor ticket taken for the fame, from the officer next to such fait pits, which warrant or ticket the faid officer is hereby required, upon demand, to give without fee or reward as aforefaid; and that the (aid owners or proprietors (hall not be obliged to pay or fecure the payment of thefaidduty, until such time as the laid fak rock or rock fait (hall be fold and delivered as afbrelaid.

Contrail XXIII. And be it further enabled by the aqtbority aforesaid, heretofore  That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (haft be obliged, by vir-

inade.  tue of any contra# made at any time before the first day of De-

cember, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, to deliver any fait or rock fait, unlefs the perfon who is to receive the fame, (hall, before or at the time for delivery of the fame by such contra#, pay to the feller thereof such.fum or (urns as he (hall have paid or fecured to pay for the. duty for the (ame by virtue ofthis a#.

Chcfter falts to XXIV. And whereas fait made at tbe prefent fait warls in the be entred by  county palatine of Chefter, when taken from the pans, isput into

weight.  walmSy bafkets, or vcjfels, and mujl be carried by tbe maker feme

miles d\Jlant from the works before he can deliver tbe fame U the merchant or fir ft buyer,fo that to break and meafure tbe jfoltaubefaid fait works would be great lofs to tbe makers thereof; be it therefore ena#ed, That all fait made at the faid fait work? in the faid county (hall be entred by weight only, and that fifty fix pounds weight thereof (hall be deemed and taken to be a Wincbffler bufhel of eight gallonsIVinchefier meafure, and (hall be entred, rated, and taxed accordingly.

XXV. And

1694-] Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Maria. C.7.  253

XXV.  And whereas fait rock or rock fait taken out of pits is in Salt wck by

uch great lumps that it cannot be meafured without breaking the fame  JO

0 powder^ which would be great lofs to the proprietors thereof j &  w;5,

>e it therefore enafted, That all fait rock or rock fait taken out c. u. f. a.

>f pits fhaH be entred by weight only, and that fix fcore pounds

weight thereof lhall be deemed and taken to be a Wtncbejler nifhd of eight gallons Winchejier meafure, and (hall be entred, ated and taxed accordingly.

XXVI.  And to the intent that fait made by melting and re- Allowance xm ining of rock felt may not, contrary to the true intent and mean- refiner.

ig of this aft, be charged more than other Englijh fait, be it irther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any such ock felt (hall be incited and refined, which had before paid the uty impofed bythis aft, according to the direftion of the fanrfe, he perfon who (hall make such fait by refining (hall receive an llowance and abatement of duty on the fait by him fo made, fter the rate and proportion of twelve pence tor every bufhel f such rock felt fo melted and refined, which had paid the duty s aforefaid 3 oath being first made before fome juftice of the >eace near adjoining to such felt works of the particular qu4n-ities of the faid rock felt fo by him employed in making the faid lit by refining, which oath the faid juftice of the peace is hereby impowered to admintfter, and upon due proot by oath, or therwife, made of the payment of the duty impofed by this uft.

XXVII.  Ahd whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fecond 2 W. & M. flu tar of their Majefties reigny intituled, An aft for granting to their *. c. s o. dajeftiCs feveral additional duties upon beer, ale, and other li- Additional uors, for four years, from the time that an aft for doubling SS* jK°fcr he duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the ,s yean! pace or one year, doth expire, it was enafted from and after the Tbe/e duties rventeenth day sf November, in thenar of our Lord one thousand

x hundred ninety one* there should be throughout their Majefties ingdm of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick^ pon Tweed, raifedy leviedy colhftedy and paid unto thqir MajeJiieSy nd their fuccejforsy during the Jpace and term of four yearsy and no mgery for beery aliy cyder and other liquors therein mentioned, by way f exeifiy aver and above aU other duties, charges, and impofitionsy y any former aft or afts% which should be then unexpiredy Jet and 72pofeiy in such manner as therein is mentioned: Be it further en-fted, That for the further encouragement of such perfons rho (hall voluntarily contribute a9 aforesaid, towards the railing nd paying into their Majefties Exchequer, any fum or fums not xceedmgin the whole thefamoften hundred thousand pounds, tpoo the feveral terms and recompences herein after mention-d, that from and after the feventeenth day of May, which (hall »e in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety even, there (hall be throughout their Majefties kingdom of England, dominion of WdleSy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy • aifed, levied, coilefted, and paid unto their Majefties, their leirs and fucceflbrs, during the fpaco and term of fixteen years.

\

Beer, &c£. above 6 s.

Beer, &c. on der 6 s.

354 AnnotpriittO & fiatto Gulielmi & M&RIJR. 0.7. '[1694.

Ezcife for j arid no longer, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquort herein dtfi»fe?t0.be a^r  by  way of excife, over and above duties,

coding to a& charges, and impofitions, by any former aft or ads then un-ofpariTament. expired, fet, and impofcd, one moiety or half part of the b C&6W. 6c veral rates and duties of excife granted by the faud laft men-M.C.XO. tioned adt, in manner and form following: (that is to lay)

(1)  For every barrel of beer or ale above fix /hillings the barrel, excJufive of the duty of excife, brewed by the common brewer, of any othef perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publicity or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpeftivc-ly, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the duties payable for the fame, nine pence.

(2)  For every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the band or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publiddy or privately, to be paid by fhe common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpc&ively as aforesaid, and lb proportionably for a greater or fefler quantity, over and above the duties

Vinegar Eng-payable for the feme, three pence- (3) For every barrel of vine-lifh.  gar or vinegar beer, brewed or made of any Englijb materials,

by any common brewer, or any other penon, for (ale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the duties of excife payable for the fame, one (hilling fix pence. (4) For every barrel ot vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, made here, that hath run through rape, or made with or patting through any foreign materials or any mixture with foreign materials, to be paid by the maker thereof and fo propoytionably for a greater or Idler quantity, four (hillings. (c) For every barrel of beer, ale, or mum, imported from beyond the feas, or from the ifcnds of

Vinegar foreign.

Vtnegar made fer pickles for fale liable to duties by % Anns, c. 7.

^rti<LC im" G**™/*? 0* Iff* an<l fo proportionably for a greater or lefer

Cyder, &c. imported.

Brandy

double.

quantity, to be paid by the importers before landing, over and above the duties payable for the feme, three (hillings. (6) For every tun of cyder, or perry, imported from beyond the feas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above the duties pay-Brandy (ingle, able for the fame four pounds. (7) For every gallon of fingie brandy, fpirits, or aqua vita> imported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, two (hillings.. (8) For every gallon of brandy, fpirits, or aqUa vita, above proof, commonly called double brandy, imported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, oyer and above the duties payable Cyder, Sec. by for the fame, four (hillings.* (9) For all cyder and perry made retail.  and  fold by retail, upon every hogfhead, to be paid by the re-

tailer thereof, over and above the duties payable for the fame, and fo proportionabLy for a greater or leiier meafure, one (hilling three pence. (ro) For all methegiin or mead made for fale, whether by retail or otberwife, to be paid by the maker, for every gallon, three pence.

XXVIII.

Methegiin,

Sec.

1694] Ajano qumto & fcxto Guxjelmi & Mari*. c.7.  255

XXVHU And be it ?na&ed by the authority aforesaid, That Reawery of the faid Several fates, duties, and imputations upon beer, ale,duticf* cyder, and pther liquors aforefaid* be levied, collected, and paid unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, during the faid fpape and term of Sixteen years, in the fame manner and form, ai\d by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in. the a& made in • the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti*-ttC4r i*Cl** tuled, 4* for faking away the court of wards and liveries, and tmres in capite, and by knights fervice, and .purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Mfijeft? in lieu thereof; and alfo in and by another adt made in the twelfth year of the reign of the l*Car*t*c**5« faid late King Charles the Second, intituled, A grant of certain impofitumf upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of bis Majejifs revenue during his life ; and alfo in and bv another adfc made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the faid late King i$Czr.%. c.11. Charles the Second, intituled. An additional ait, for the better ordering and .collecting the duties of excife, and preventing the abufts therein; or by any other law in force relating to the faid reve-nue.of excite; and that the aforefaid a&s, and every article, rule, and claufe therein mentioned* as for and concerning only the rate?, duties, and iippofitipns upon beer, ak, and other liquors by this a& granted, fhall be of full force and effe&, to aJl intent? pad purposes, during the faid term of fixteen years, in like manner as if the fame were at large and particularly recited .and fet down in the body of this acft; and that the faid rates and duties of excife, and the other duties upon fait by this ad granted, (hall from time to time be within the receipt and government pf the chief commiffioners and governors of the receipt of the e*dfe for the time being.

XXI£. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Money to the faid commiffioners and governors for management and receipt be kept apart, of the excife, at the head office in London for the time being, (hall feparate and keep apart all and every the monies railed by the rates anddurie* of excife, and other duties upon falthereby granted, as the fame fhall from time to time arile, or be paid into the faid office of gxcife, by the receivers pr collectors of the fame, or by any other perfon whatsoever. And the faid commiffioners ar\d governor# of excife for the time being are hereby required and ftn&iy enjoined, from time to time, to pay weekly (viz.) on paid in week-Wcdnefdap. in every week, if it be not a holiday, and if it be, iy, then. $e next day after that is not a holiday, all and every the monies anting by the rate9 and duties of excife, and other duties hereby granted, into the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer, diftindt and apart from the other monies which the faid commiffioners ami governors of excife fhall receive for the ufe of their Majefties, their heirs, and fucceflors. And and regiftred. be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That there /hall be provided and kept in their Majefties Exchequer,* that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of the receipts, one book in which all the faid weekly monies, which fhall be paid in-

256 Anno quinto& fexto Gulielmi & Marine, c.y. [1691

to be kept k pirate.

Peaaltyupoo

officers.

Account of to the Exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be entred apart and diftinct ®rom ot^cr monies paid or payable to their Mqjcffies, their heirs and fuccefibrs,. upon any account whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enaded, That if the laid commf-fioners and governors of excife, for the time bong, (hall refif' or negled to pay into the Exchequer all or any the laid weeki. Aims appointed to be paid as aforesaid, in fuen manner as the. are before by this ad required to do, or (hall divert or mifa;-ply any of the (ame, then they, for every such offence (hail forfeit their offices of commiffioners and governors far the management and receipt of the excife, and be incapable of an? office or place of truft whatsoever, and (hall be liable top/ the full v?lue of any fum or Aims fo diverted or milappid, to any perfon or perfons, who will fue for the fame, by a iy adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any ot iKct Majefties courts of record at JVeJlminfter, wherein do e&n, protedion, wager of law, privilege of parliament, crook? privilege, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted j allowed.

To beayesrly XXXI. And be it further enaded, That all the fakl (urn;;

as aforefaid appointed to be paid weekly into the receipt of w Exchequer, during the (aid term of fixteen years, (hall be z: yearly fund for the feveral and refpedive purposes herein iy\ mentioned and exprefled. Provided always, and be k eoabet Salaries of' That it (hall and may be lawful to and for their Majefties, tV officers. heirs and fucceffors, out of the faid duties arifing upon fcr to caufe such fum and fums of money to be expended and jbl 1 from time to time for (alaries, or other incident charges, as i-be necefTary in and for the receiving, colleding, levying or n> naging of the fame duties upon fait, during the faid term d» in by this ad granted; any thing in this ad contained to c: contrary notwithftanding.

Excife office, XXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afotoc, &c. continued. That the head office of excife, which is now eftablifturi srirh-in the city of London, (hall be continued and be within tk h.i city, or ten miles thereof, and a fufficient number of carer;'-fioners therein, from time to time, (hall he continued or*> pointed by their Majefties, their heirs and fuccefibrs, tog.-vern and manage the receipt of excife, and to perform aod ti>| cute the feveral matters and things hereby enjoined to be d *4 and executed by such commiffioners, until the fiune fhsli x fully performed and complied with, according to the true ins • and meaning of this ad \ and that in like manner there tiu < continued and be within the (aid city, or ten miles thereof, ‘ the appointment of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbr- . comptroller of excife, until such time as all matters and th:. which by this ad such comptroller is enjoined to do and n form, (hall be fully performed and accompli(hed ; which * comptroller for the time being is hereby alfo required and c> * nianded to keep a per fed and diftind account in books h written of all the monies which (hall arife by the faid duties i

a

694*1 A^no quinto& fcxto GulIelMI & Marine, c. 7.  257

n fait, and the bid duties of excife by this aft granted, as the Accounts of roe refpeftively (hall from time to time arife, come, or  kVt

rought into the faid office of excife; to which books all perfons^apart?  CJ>

jncemed (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, without fee r charge; and that the faid commiffioners or comptroller (hall cecute their refpeftive offices, in the performance of all things ijoined by this aft, without any other falary, fee or reward, an what they now have or enjoy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1*0,0001, a hat yearly and every year, reckoning the first year to begin yea' *y fond. >m tne faid five and twentieth day of March one thousand lix indred ninety four, the full fum of one hundred and forty oufand pounds, by or out of the monies to arife by the faid du-s upon fait, and by the faid rates and duties of excife hereby mted, or either of them, and to be brought into the receipt the Exchequer by weekly payments as aforesaid, in cafe the d weekly payments (hall extend thereunto, (hall be the whole d intire yearly fund: And in cafe the faid weekly payments dl not amount to one hundred and forty thoufana pounds per mrrty then the faid weekly monies or payments, fo far as the tie will extend, (hall be part of the yearly fund for and to-rds the anfwering or paying of the annuities herein after intioned, and for other the purposes hereafter in this aft ex-jfled. And in cafe the faid duties upon fait, and the faid rates The King’s d duties of excife by this aft granted, or either of them, revenue dl at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low, in the chargeable, if >duce or the fame, as that within any one year to be reckon- ^ as aforesaid, the weekly payments upon the fame rates or ties, or any of them, (hall not amount to fo much as one ddred and forty thousand pounds, or to fo much as (hall be Scient to difeharge and fatisfy the faid annuities, and other lefits and advantages by this aft appointed pr intended to be d within or for the fame vear refpeftively; that then and fo *n, and in every such cafe, the commiffioners of their Ma-ies treafury, and the under treafurer of the Exchequer now ng, and die treafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer, commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby ftly enjoined and required by virtue of this aft, and without ” further or other warrant, to be fued for, had or obtained m their Majefties, their heirs or fucceflors, in this behalf, ro fe every such deficiency to be made good, by applying and ing, or paying fo much of any treafure or revenue, belong-or to belong to their Majefties, their heirs or fucceflors (not ng appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any aft or s of parliament) towards the difeharging or paying off the

I  annuities, or other benefits or advantages appointed to be d by this aft, as together with the monies which (hall have n brought into the faid receipt, of or for the faid rates or du-upon lalt, and the faid rates and dqties of excife as aforesaid,

II  be fufficient to pay off and diicharge, and (hall completely

7 off and difeharge all the monies which within the fame year ioL. IX.  S  refpeftively

vance xol,

258 Anno quinto &fexto Gulielmi & Marine. C.7. [169^

refpe&ively (hall be grown due, or ought to be paid upon the faid annuities, or other benefits or advantages, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent a<&.

Natives or a. XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may U liens may ad- lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, to cot * * tribute towards advancing the fum of ten hundred thoulbi pounds for carrying on of the faid war, by paying at or bcfofl the tenth day of September, one thoufknd fix hundred nine; four, to any receiver or receivers, to be appointed for that pur< pofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds or £\ vers intire Turns of ten pounds upon this ait; and thaf far the raifing the faid fum of ten hundred thousand pounds, any perfon who will become an adventurer, (hall and may advance the fum of ten pounds, for which fum fo advanced he, (he or they, for fixteen years, (hall be intitled to recevta fore or dividend of the laid yearly fund, as hereafter is expreffed; and that every adventurer may advance as many intire fams or ten pounds, as he, (he or they (hall think fit; and for ever, such fum of ten pounds fo advanced, he, (he or they is enr* to be interefted in one lot or (hare in the faid yearly fin Fromfeftion 34 to 49. concerning the lottery, managers* &c. ha fired.

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed. That any money contribua! or lent by, or payable to, any perfon or perfons, upon or by of this a&, (hall not be charged or chargeable with any nte* duties or impofitions whatfoever.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared d ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all grants or £b: (itions of any of the monies arifing, or which (hall be eofleki by the authority of this a&, hereafter to be made by their it jetties, their heirs or fucceflors, to any other perfon orperfe or in any other manner, or far any longer term or inteitd tbr by this a& is appointed, (hall be and are hereby declared niL and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

Aparticular LI. And whereas by reafon of the multiplicity ofpaymeetu^ officer ap- are to be made in purfuance of this afty it will be difficult (if ssr ^ pointed by the poffible) that every particular payment should be curetted* n Ewhequerfor^^ an^ accounted for by the feveral officers of the receipt payment of Exchequer, in the ordinary courfe of payments there ufed; theror thefe annui* and to the end thzf the Exchequer may be regularly difete ties, who lhaH of all the monies of the feveral rates and duties before an: rte rules^of0  which  (hall  be brought into the fame for the faid h'

thetreafury. b* lt cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That there (hallb the faid receipt of the Exchequer a diftin& office for paying annuities or benefits by this a& appointed to be paid, andi: convenient room or rooms, in or near the receipt of the£v quer at 1Ve(lminJlery (hall be prepared, afttgned and ufed for is purjJofe; which office (hall.continue until all the payment? grow due by this a&, during the faid term of fixteen yrr (hall be fatisfied; and an officer or officers (hall be appor*. hereunto from time to time by the commiflioners of their M

jeti

Money lent on this a&, tax free.

Grants made by the Kina void.

1 ,

1694-] Anno quinta & fexto Gulielmi & MarIjg. c.7;  259

jefties treafury now bring, or by thetreafurer of die Exchequer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who (hall alfo take Security, according to the beft of their judgments and diferetions, from every or any such officer or officers, for his of their due paying, anfwering and accounting for all the monies phich he or they (hall receive, and for the due and faithful rctformance of his or their office and offices rdpedtiveiy $ and hat themoney of the fund by this adt appointed. Which fhall from ime to time come or be brought into the receipt of the Exche-uer as abovesaid, (hall, by the commiffioners of their Maje-ies treafury, and the under treafurer of the Exchequer now be-ig, or by the treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or ?mmiflioners of the treafury for the time being, without any irther or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained from leir Majefties, their heirs, or fuccefiors, and in such propor-^ns from time to time, as (hall be neceflary and fufficient anfwer die refpedtive payments which (hall grow due, and e to be made by the (aid particular officer or officers, be iflued paid over, from time to time, to the hands of such officer officers, by way of impreft, and upon account, to and for e payment of the faid annuities or benefits by this adt appoint-! to be paid; and that such particular officer and officers (hall ply the fame thereunto in luch manner and form as are above entioned, and by this adt diredted in that behalf; and (hall be bjedt and liable to such infpedtion, examination, comptrol, and dit, and to such rules, in refpedt of his paying, accounting, d other matters relating to the execution or his office, as the i commiffioners of the treafury now being, or the treafurer 1 under treafurer of the Exchequer, or the commiffioners of : treafury for the time being, (hall think fit, or find neceflary reafonable to eftablilh or appoint from time to time, for the ter execution of the intent and end of this adt, and the fa-adtion of contributors, adventurers, or others concerned or oe concerned therein j any thing in this prefent adt contain-or any law, cuftom, ufage, or courfe of the Exchequer to contrary notwithftanding.

Al. And it is enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the Transfer office isfer office above mentioned (hall be continued for the pur- tobefubjetf to js aforesaid, by their Majefties, their heirs and fiicceflors, tJje orders of an officer in the fame, until all matters and things hereby tllc trea*UI7* aired to be done by such an officer (hall be frilly accomplifh-and that as well the managers and diredtors above men-icd, as alfo the commiffioner and officer of the transfer :e9 and the faid receivers, and the faid particular officer lti Exchequer, and all the clerks, minifters, and fervants, to :mployed by or under thrin refpedtively, from time to time,

I,  in and for the better execution of their feveral places and ls, and for purfuing the diredtions, ends, or intents of this obferve and perform such-rules, methods, and orders, as refpedtively (nail from time to time receive from the faid S 2  com-

*6o Anno qointo & fexto Gulielmi & Marine. c.7. [165

commiflioners of the treafury now being, or from thetreafui of the Exchequer, or commiflioners of the treafuiy for the tit being, fo as such rules, methods, and orders, be condocibk the ends and purposes of this aft, and not otberwife.

LIIL And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, Thai s,ooo|ooo l.be the whole fum of ten hundred tboufand pounds be not 2 not advanced vanced and paid into the Exchequer upon this aft, before i before 14June, four and twentieth day of June* one tboufand fix hundr ninety four; that then it (hall and may be lawful for Majefties, or their officers in the receipt of their Majefties Ex chequer, by their command and appointment, to borrow aa take into the faid receipt, for their Majefties ufe, by war 0 loan, any fum or Turns of money, which, together with ill whole value or amount of all the fums of money, which Ail before the faid four and twentieth day of Juney be contribute or adventured as aforesaid, (hall not exceed the fizm of td hundred thousand pounds; which fum or fums, fo by wav of loan, (hall and may be charged upon the credit a their Majefties Exchequer in general, and tallies of loan, m orders of repayment of the fame (hall be levied and drawn d cordingly, which faid orders (hall be afiignable and transferal from one perfon to another, si. per cent*  LIV. And it is hereby enafted, That all and every fum d

allowed for  fums of money fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as aford^L

t08^t^cr  »ntereft f°r the fame, not exceeding the ne

chargeable for c,ght pounds per centum per annum, to be paid every tb the payment months, until fatisfaftion of the principal, (haH be payable nl of principal fatisfied unto the refpeftive lender or lenders of the feme, L and mtereft. ^er, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, out of ii monies which (hall afterwards arife and be brought into c; Exchequer, by or for contributions upon this aft, fo far as 6; fame will extend: And in cafe the monies fo ariiing by d& aft (hall not be fufficient for the paying thereof, then tk 12k. loans which (hall remain unfatisfied, and the interdt of the fame, (hall be paid and fatisfied out of the next aids orfispphes to be granted to their Majefties in parliament, and (hall b: transferred and transferrable thereunto, as foonas any such ad or fupply (hall be granted to their Majefties; and if nofci aids or fupplies (hall be granted to their Majefties before tie fecond day of February, which (hall be in the year of ourL&! one thousand fix hundred ninety four, then the faid fum and fee* of money fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforefeid, and rc intereft thereof, (hall be payable and be paid and fatisfiedtotN faid lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftanr* or affigns refpeftively, by and out of any of their Majefties tr& fure, which from thenceforth (hall come into* be, or remain the receipt of their Majefties Exchequery not being already impropriated to any particular ufes by any aft or aftsof parliaiKS before this time made.

LV. And be it further enafted. That in cafe there H

k

:6p4*] Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Marije. c.7.  261

»c any furplas or remainder of the monies arifing by the rates The annual nd duties granted by this aA, at the end of any one year of he faid term of fixteen years, after all the annuities or payments w ireAed by this aA (hall be fully fatisfied, paid, and difeharged, jeh furplus or remainder (hall go and be applied for or towards  of ^uori

he payment and fatisfaAion of such principal and intereft mo- t0 be difpofed ies, which (hall be or remain due upon the regifter kept in according to ic faid receipt of Exchequer, for the two third parts of the * w-& M. ff. ttes and duties of excife granted in the fecond year of their *•c# 1<K Taj eft ies reigri, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties veral additional duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors r four years, from the time that an aft for doubling the duty of •ctfe upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the fpace of one year, uh expire, and continued by claufes in a fubfequent aA, in-tuled. An aft for raifing money by a poll, payable quarterly for one ar, for the carrying on a vigorous war againft France. And that 3*4 W.Sc M.

ich furplus or remainder, together with the monies applicable c- _____

y the two aAs laft mentioned, (hall be iflued and paid ^aed^nt

intly and feverally, for and towards the difeharging of thz*^armyby^

•incipal and intereft monies which from time to time (hall be 5&6W.&M.

r remain due and unpaid upon the faid regifter, until the fame c- »o. f. 41.

tall be fully fatisfied, and afterwards the monies, which (hall

irther arife by the faid furplus or remainder, (hall be to the

fe of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceffors, for the carry-

ig on the war againft France. Provided always, That in cafe

»e whole fum of ten hundred thousand pounds be not advan-

:d and paid into the Exchequer, by or for contributions upon

tis aA, the furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the

ites and duties hereby granted, more than is requifite to pay

te annuities or payments direAed by this aA, (hall be dil-

:>fed as (hall be hereafter direAed by aA of parliament; any

ting in this aA contained to the contrary thereof notwithftand-

anding.

LVI. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid, Receivers to ‘hat such receiver or receivers general, or other perfon or per- ScoSt^tS >ns, who is or (hall be employed in the r^peiving, colleAine, auditorsofthe r paying, the fcveral duties upon fait by this aA granted, (hall, impreft, to be id are hereby required, between the five and twentieth day of declared be-farch, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, and the nine and ventieth day of September following, and fo from year to year •*  *

?arly, at those times, during the continuance of this a A, to eliver in their refpeAive accounts thereof to their Majefties jditors of the impreft for the time being, or one of them, ho (hall, and are hereby from time to time refpeAively au-torized to examine upon oath the faid receiver or receivers ge-eral, or other perfon or perfons, accomptants, which are or tall be employed in raifing, receiving, and colleAing the faid uties, of what fum or fums of money was or were by them r any of them refpeAively raifed, colleAed, or received, with-1 the time of such their accounts, and likewife what part there-f was by them or any of them paid into their Majefties receipt

z6i Anno qulnto & fexto Gulielmi & Maria. 0.8,9. [*694.

of Exchequer, or by virtue of any warrant of privy feat, or warrant of the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of their MajeAies treafury for the time being, otherwife paid, and to whom, and for what fervice or fervices; and in making the faid accounts to and before the laid auditors, or one of them, they are to produce proper* vouchers for every fum or fums of money fo by them or any of them railed, received, and paid, according to the ancient methods of the Exchequer. And to the end it may appear upon record what the lame amounted to in the year, for which such account or accounts (hall be made, and what thereof was paid, and to whom, and for what ufe and fervice, ufes and fervices, as aforesaid, and what remains un-

fiaid, and reds infuper upon each refpecHve receiver and col-edlor; and such account or accounts, fo to be taken by the faid auditor, is and are to be declared before the lord treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury, and chancellor of the Exchequer now and for the time being, according to the courfe of the Exchequer in such cafes.

Ko members,  L VII. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority

except com- aforefaid. That no member of the houfe of commons (hall at mifiioneri of any time be concerned diredily or indiredlly, or any other in

in the fanning, colledting, or managing, any of t! Neale, to the fums of money, duties or other aids granted to their Ma-be farmers, jellies by this adl, or that hereafter fhall be granted by any Members of other adt of parliament, except the commiflioners of the trea-mons ^“bt  and  the  officers  and  commiflioners  for  managing  the  cuf-

^members of toms an^ excife, not exceeding the prefent number in each the bank of office, and those appointed to be commiflioners for putting in England by execution an adt, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majtftia c »<>6  aid  of  four  Jhillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on a

6W*& M. vig°rous war againfl France, as to their executing only the au-c. 1.  *  thority of the faid adl, by which they are appointea commif-

fioners. Provided always. That Thomas Neale efquire may be employed by their MajeAies as they fhall think fit, in the ordering or managing the feveral recompences and advantages hereby given to the contributors upon this adl; any thing in this act contained fo the contrary notwithlianding.

EXP.

a W. Sc M. s. c. 15.

CAP. VIII.

An adl for the explaining, and for the more effectual execution, of a former adt for the relief of poor prifoners*

CAP. IX.

An aft far repeal of a claufe in the Jlatute of the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth (containing divers orders for artificers and others) which relates to weavers of cloth.

5 E\\z. c. 4. TT7HEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of tbt *•  W  reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  intituled, An adl containing di-

vers orders for artificers, labourers, fervants in hulbandry and apprentices ; it is enafted in theft wordsfollowing: Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That no

perfon

1694*3 Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Marijb. c.io. 263

>erfon or perfons, ufing or exercifing the art or myftery of a voollen cloth weaver, other than fuck as be inhabiting within he counties of Cumberland, Wejlmoreland* Lancajler* and Wales* veaving frizes, cottons, or houfewife’s cloth only, making and veaving woollen cloth commonly fold, or to be fold by any lothman or clothier, (hall take and have any apprentice, or (hall each, or in any wife inftrudt any perfon or perfons in the fei-nce, art, or occupation of weaving aforesaid, in any village,

>wn, or place f cities, towns corporate, and market towns on-r excepted) umels such perfon be his fon, or elfe that.the fa-ter or mother of such apprentice or fervant (hall, at the time f the taking of such perfon or perfons to be an apprentice or rvant, or to be intruded, have lands, or tenements, or other ereditaments, to the clear yearly value of three pounds at the all, of an eftate of inheritance or freehold, to be certified un-:r the hands and feals of three juftices of the peace of the lire or (hires, where the faid lands, tenements, or other he-ditaments, do or (hall lie; the effedt of the indenture to be giftred within three months, in the parifh where such mailer lall dwell, and to pay for such regiftring four pence, upon pain * forfeiture of twenty (hillings for every month that any peril (hall otherwife take any apprentice, or fet any such perfon 1 work, contrary to the meaning of this article: Now foraf-ueb as such part of the faid aft before recited bath been found to be fry inconvenient, and a great prejudice to the clothing trade; may pleafe your mod excellent Majefties, that it may be ended:

II.  And be it enabled by the King’s and Queen’s mod excel- ciaufe repeal* nt maiefties, by and witk the advice and confent of the lords ed. irituaf and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parjia-ent aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That lo much the faid a& as is before recited, be, and is hereby declared > be repealed, null, and void to all intents and purposes, as if ie fame had never been made.

CAP. X.

\n aft far the relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London.

‘T THERE AS the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city r V of London, have been, and are anfwerable for, and charge->Ie with, all monies of the orphans of the faid city, from time to me paid into the chamber of the faid city; bui by reafon of fundry cidents and publick calamities, are now become indebted to the faid phans and other creditors, for principal money and intereft thereof a much greater fum of money than they are able to fatisfy and pay, nlefs fome affiflance be given them for the fame:

II.  Beit therefore enabled by the King’s and Queen’s mod ex- The city dlent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords lands charged dritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliamentWlth 8»°°® letnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That for and orphan^ »wards the raifing a perpetual fund to pay the yearly intereft F

* S 4  of

264 Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Marine, c.io. [1694.

of four pounds for every hundred pounds principal money, and of all the faid intereft thereof, due to any orphan of the faid city, or the executors, adjniniftrators, or aifigns, of any such or-How much phan, unto the five and twentieth day of December, one thou-orphan^mo- ^an<* hundred ninety three, such intereft to bis computed ney to be paid, from the time it was first payable unto the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufana fix hundred eighty three, at five pounds for the intereft of every hundred pounds for one year, and from the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred eighty three, unto the five and twentieth day of Dumber* one thousand fix hundred ninety three, at three pounds for the intereft of every hundred pounds for one year, and propor-tionably for any greater or lefler fum (the intereft already re-ceivedTor such principal money to be deducted) and alfo to pay the like yearly intereft of four pounds for every hundred pounds of the principal money and intereft thereof, to be computed as aforesaid, due upon bond, bill, or note, liable to pay intereft, between the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred fifty and five, and the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, or any other the creditor or creditors of the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or the executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, of any such creditor or creditors, on the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, from the chamber of the faid city, or from the mayor, commonalty, and citizens thereof, and io proportionably for any greater or lefler fum, all and every the manors, meuuages, lands, markets, and fairs, and other the hereditaments, revenues, and income whatfoever, pf and belonging to the faid mayor commonalty, and citizens, in pofleflion or reverfion, and the improvements that fhall or can be made thereof (except the manors, mefluages, lands, eftates, pofleflions, and revenues, of and belonging to Chri/Ts hofpital, St. Bartholomew, Bridewtll, St. Thomas and Bethlehem, hofpitals, or any other hofpital in or belonging to the faid city of London or borough of Southwardly such as are chargeable with and for the repairs of London bridge) fhall bo, and are hereby declared to be yearly charged for ever, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, for and towards the raifing thereout the full and clear annual fum of eight thousand pounds for ever, free from all deductions for any impofitions whatfoever; which faid yearly fum (hall be annually raifed and paid out of all and every the laid manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and other revenue whatfoever, of and belonging to the. faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens (except before excepted) and (hall be,and is hereby appropriated towards the raifing such a perpetual fund, and to be applied as aforefaid.

Aquedufts III. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, 'charged. That all the aqueducts and right of bringing and conveying water belonging to the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, and all the improvements that fhall be at any time made thereof, and alf the rents, profits, and benefit?' whatfoever, which do

of

265

1694.] Annoquinto &fexto Gulielmi&Mari*. c.io.

or /hall at any time hereafter arife by any aquedudts or right of bringing and conveying water, which do or (hall belong to the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens (other than such water as fhall be for the fapply of the publick conduits, hofpitals, halls, and prifons in the faid city) (hall, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of Jwu> one thousand fix hundred ninety four, for ever be appropriated and applied towards the payment of the faid intereft money.

IV.  And for and towards the railing such a perpetual fund, 2,oool. upon and fo to be applied as aforesaid, be it further ena&ed by the pcrfonal authority aforesaid, That from and after-the faid four and twen-

tieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, the faid mayor, commohalty, and citizens, (hall and may, and they are hereby required yearly to raife the fum of two thousand pounds, by an .equal proportionable aflefiment upon the perfonal eftates of the feveral inhabitants within the faid city and thq liberties thereof, to be yearly aflefled, collected, received, and paid, or in default of payment, diftrained for, in such manner as the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, in their common council afiembled, or otberwife, (hall from time to time annually direct and appoint.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ^!&hts £rant*

That the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, mail, on or  ycari

before the faid four and twentieth day of June9 one thousand fix yearly. * hundred ninety four* demife or grant to Sir Charles Hara,

knight, John Stanyon efquire, Philip Neve efquire, and John LiJfye gentleman, and all other the perfons concerned ana in-terefted in the glafs lights, commonly called or known by the name of convex lights, a leafe or licence for the foie uie of the publick lights, to be ufed in all publick places within the faid city and the liberties thereof, for the term of one and twenty years, to be computed from the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, referving the yearly rent of fix hundred pounds, in such manner, and by anp under such other articles, covenants, and agreements, for payment of the faid rent, or making void the faid leafe in default thereof or otherwife, as by and between the (aid mayor, com- * • monalty, and citizens, and the faid perfons above mentioned, are or (nail be agreed on for that purpose by certain articles made or to be made in that behalf: which faid yearly fum of fix hun-r dred pounds (hall be and is hereby appropriated towards railing Appropria-the (aid fund, and payment of the faid intereft money as afore- tion ot the faid: from and after the determination of which leafe, all and every the rents, profits, and benefits whatfoever, which the faid *cnrm* w * mayor, commonalty, and citizens, (hall or mayL.it any time lawfully make, by forming or granting licence or licences to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for the lighting the ftreets within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, by such ways and meins as the laid mayor, commonalty, and citizens (hall think moft proper, (hall be, and are hereby declared and enadted to befor ever appropriated and applied to and for the ufes aforefaid.

VI. Ao4

2 66

Tax upon binding apprentice.

Books to be kept

Penalty upon wirden, &c. offending.

5s. upon free men.

4.8. per ton upon wines.

Anno quinto & facto Guliblmi & MdRUE. c.io. [1694;

VI.  And for the further and greater increafe of the faid fund; be it enaded. That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thousand fix hundred ninety four, every per-fon being free of any of the refpe&ive companies within the bid city of London, ana the liberties thereof, who (hall take or receive any apprentice, (hall bind his apprentice before the mailer or wardens of such company whereof the matter is a member, or one of them, or their fufficient deputy in that behalf, which faid apprentice at the time of his binding, (hall pay to the bid matter or wardens, or one of them, or their fuffident deputy, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence; all and every which bid fum and fums of two (hillings and fix pence the faid matter and [ wardens, or their deputy, mall tranfmit and pay to the chamberlain of the faid city of London, twice in the year (viz.) on the fifteenth day of December, and eighteenth day of Jw, to be employed for the ufes aforefaid : ana all and every matter, warden, or wardens of the faid refpe&ive companies (hall, from time to time, provide and keep, in their common halls, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment in which every such fum of two (hillings and fix pence (hall be fct down and entred by the faid matter or wardens, or their refpcdhve deputy or deputies, and the name of the apprentice who paid the fame: and it (hall and may be lawful to and for every perfon and per-fons to have free accefs unto and view the faid boob at ail times, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, without any fee or reward to be taken for the view or infpettioQ thereof; *and for every fum of money which such matter, warden, or wardens, or their deputies (hall receive, and (hall not be tranfmitted to the faid chamberlain at the times hereinbefore appointed, such matter, warden, or wardens, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds} the faid refpedtive forfeitures to be recovered in the name of the chamberlain of the laid city for the time being, in any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced in any of their Majefties courts of record, wherein no ettoin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, and (hall be applied towards raifingthe fund aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enadted, That towards the railing the faid fund, every perfon who (hall be admitted from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June9 one thousand fix hundred ninety four, to be a freeman of the laid city, Hull, at the time of his admiifion, pay unto the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, the fum of five (hillings; which feveral above mentioned fums of two (hillings and fix pence and five (hillings (hall, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June> one thousand fix hundred ninety four, be paid over and above the ufual and accuftomed fees for the fame.

VIII.  And be it enatted by the authority aforesaid, That a duty of four (hillings per tun lhall be and is hereby impofed and laid upon all forts of wines whatfoever, which, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thousand fix hundred ninety four, (hall be imported into the port of the faid

city

59+.] Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi&Mari^. c.io. 265

• (hall at any time hereafter artfe by any aqueduds or right of inging and conveying water, which do or fhall belong to the id mayor, commonalty, and citizens (other than such water as iall be for the fupply of the publick conduits, hofpitals, halls, id prilons in the faid city) fhall, from and after the faid four id twentieth day of Ju*e9 one thousand fix hundred ninety ur, for ever be appropriated and applied towards the payment " the faid intereft money.

IV* And for and towards the raifing such a perpetual fund, ,>00ol. upon id fo to be applied as aforesaid, be it further enafted by the perfonal ithority aforesaid, That from and after-the faid four and twen- elates, rth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, the :d mayor, commonalty, and citizens, fhall and may, and they e hereby required yearly to raife the fum of two thousand iunds, by an equal proportionable afleffinent upon the perfonal bates of the feveral inhabitants within the (aid city and the jerries thereof, to be yearly aflefled, colle&ed, received, and tid, or in default of payment, diftraincd for, in such manner the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, in their common tuned aflembled, or otberwife, fhall from time to time annually re<5l and appoint.

V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ?ranN

hat the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, fhall, on or

rfore the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix yearly.#

indred ninety four, demife or grant to Sir Charles Hara9

light, John St any on efquire, Philip Neve efquire, and John

illye gentleman, and all other the perfon9 concerned ana in-

refted in the glafs lights, commonly called or known by the

tme of convex lights, a leafe or licence for the foie ufe of the

iblick lights, to be ufed in all publick places within the faid

ty and the liberties thereof, for the term of one and twenty

rars, to be computed from the faid four and twentieth day of

une, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, referving the yearly

:nt of fix hundred pounds, in such manner, and by and

nder such other articles, covenants, and agreements, for pay-

tent of the faid rent, or making void the faid leafe in default

lereof or otherwife, as by and between the faid mayor, com- > •

tonalty, and citizens, and the faid perfons above mentioned,

re or mail be agreed on for that purpose by certain articles made

r to be made in that behalf: which faid yearly fum of fix hun-r

red pounds (hall be and is hereby appropriated towards raifing Appropria-

le faid fund, and payment of the faid intereft money as afore- tion of the

lid: from and after the determination of which leafe, all and m^^during

very the rents, profits, and benefits whatfoevpr, which the faid ^rm. ^ ***

layor, commonalty, and citizens, (hall or may^at any time

iwfully make, by farming or granting licence or licences to

ny perfon or perfons whatfoever, for the lighting the ftreets

rithin the faid city, or the liberties thereof, by such ways

nd means as the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens (hall

[link mod proper, (hall be, and are hereby declared and ena£ed

D befor ever appropriated and applied to and for the ufes aforefaid.

VI, And

a66

Tax upon binding apprentice.

Books to be kept.

Anna quinto & facto Gulielmi & MARL®. c.io. [16^;

VI.  And for the further and greater increale of the (aid fond | be it cna&ed, That from and after the faid four and twcntietii day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, every per-fon being free of anv of the refpedtive companies within the iai city of London* and the liberties thereof, who (hall take or r« ceive any apprentice, (hall bind his apprentice before the none or wardens of such company whereof the matter is a membr. or one bf them, or their fufficient deputy in that behalf, wfk‘ faid apprentice at the time of his binding, (hall pay to the fo-i matter or wardens, or one of them, or their fuffiaent dqstfy, the fum of two (hillings and (ix pence ; all and every whki fcd fum and fums of two (hillings and (ix pence the (aid mailer and wardens, or their deputy, mall tranfmit and pay to the chamberlain of the faid city of London* twice in the year (viz,) or the fifteenth day of December* and eighteenth day of June* to be employed for the ufes aforefaid : and all and every mafisr, warden, or wardens of the faid refpe&ive companies lhafl, from time to time, provide and keep, in their common halls, one a more book or books of vellum or parchment in which erer such fum of two (hillings and fix pence (hall be let down aad entred by the faid matter or wardens, or their refpe&ve dqssi or deputies, and the name of the apprentice who paid the hm: and it (hall and may be lawful to and for every perfba and pe-fons to have free accefs untp and view the fiud books at *3 times, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forma®, without any fee or reward to be taken for the viewarinlpecb

Penalty upon thereof; -and for every fum of money which such matter, ix-

----i— den, or wardens, or their deputies (hall receive, and ihksat

be tranttnitted to the faid chamberlain at the times beraa before appointed, such matter, warden, or wardens, (hall tons: the fum of five pounds) the faid refpeCtive forfeitures to bcn-covered in the name of the chamberlain of the (aid city for the time being, in any a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or inforautki, to be commenced in any of their Majefties courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law (hall bedkroed, and (hall be applied towards railing the fund aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That towards the railing the faid fund, every perfon who (hall be admitted from and afs the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thousand fix k> dred ninety four, to be a freeman of the faid city, (hall, atvx time of his admiflion, pay unto the faid mayor, commoner., and citizens of the faid city, the fum of five (hillings; wLd feveral above mentioned fums of two (hillings and fix pence sn. five (hillings (hall, from and after the faid four and twemic day of June* one thousand fix hundred ninety four, be paid and above the ufual and accuttomed fees for the fame.

VIII.  And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, Thai duty of four (hillings per tun (hall be and is hereby impc£.' and laid upon all forts of wines whatfoever, which, from sr-after the faid four and twentieth day of June* one thouland m hundred ninety four, (hall be imported into die port of the r*.

wirden, &c offending.

5s. upon fete men.

49. per ton upon wines.

1694-] Aimo quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Marl«. c.io, 269

of any the faid office or offices, he or they (hall be bound with fufficient furedes to the faid mayor, commonalty and citizens, for the juft and faithful execution of such office, or employment, in such reafonable fum or Turns, a& by the faid mayor or court of aldermen {hall be thought fitting, with refpeft to this prefeat ad, and to the truft hereby repofed in such officer or officers.

XII.  And to the intent that the faid fund may be perpetual, City lands be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and charged with after such rime as the aforefaid impofition of fix pence here- 6*000 *morc’ by laid (hall ceafe and determine, all and every the manors, mefluagqs, lands, tenements, markets, fairs and the duties thereof, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the faid city

of London^ in pofleflion Or reverfion, (hall (land and be charged with the full yearly fum of fix thousand pounds (over and above the faid yearly fum of eight thousand pounds) and is hereby appropriated and enafted to be applied to the fame ufes, to which the faid yearly fum of eight thousand pounds is herein before made liable.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. How much of That all and every the aforefaid yearly and other rents and pay- th« orphans ments, iffiies, profits, duties, impositions, fum and fums of

money whatfoever, by this aft appointed to be raifed, charged,p * paid, collefted, had, received or made by, out of, or for any the matters or things, or by any the ways or means herein before mentioned, (hall (dedufting thereout such necefiary and reafonable falaries and allowances, as the (aid mayor and court of aldermen (hall think fit to allow to any perfon or perfons, whom they (hall employ for the colleftirig, receiving or paying the fame) from time to time for ever, in the first place be applied by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, for the payment of the annual fum of four pounds of lawful money for the intereft of every one hundred pounds, and proportionally for a greater or letter fum, of the above mentioned refpeftive debts, and all the intereft thereof due on the (aid five , and twentieth clay of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, to any orphan of the faid city, or the. executors, ad-miniftrators or affigns of any such orphan* and alfo for the payment of the like yearly intereft of four pounds for every hundred pounds principal money, and the intereft thereof, to be computed as aforesaid, due at any time between the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred fifty five, and the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thou-(and fix hundred ninety three, upon bond, bill, or note, liable . to pay intereft, from the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, unto any perfon or perfons whatfoever, or to fo much thereof only as the faid monies, by this aft appointed to be raifed and paid as aforesaid, (hall yearly amount unto, to fatisfy and pay towards the faid intereft to the faid orphans, and other the (aid creditors of the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or their refpeftive executors, aaminiftrators or afligns, equally in proportion to their refpeftive intereft, the faid payments to be made

twice

2fO

Orphans to

acknowledge

ferisfeftion.

Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Marim: c.io. [1694

twice in every year (that is to fay) on the feaft days of Saint Thomas the apotUe, and Saint John the baptift, or within fourteen days after: the first payment thereof to be made on the feaft day of Saint Thomas the apoftle, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend fix hundred ninety four, or within fourteen days after: and the (aid monies, or any part thereof (hall not be applied, iffiied or paid to any ufe, intent or pur-pofe whatsoever, by virtue of any order or warrant whatibever, other than for the ufe afbrefaid; but all orders and warrants for ifiiiing, paying or difpofing any of the (aid monies, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (hall be utterly void.

XIV.  And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That the provifion hereby made for payment of the (aid intereft money for ever, (hall be and is hereby declared to be in full fatisfadtion and difcharge of and for the debts due from the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the (aid city of London, to the faid orphans, and others their faid creditors, and of and from all intereft due or to be due for the fame, unto the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety three; and that all and every the faid orphans and creditors, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators or affigns, fiull, according to ufuai cuftom, acknowledge fatisfaftion of their re* fpe&ive debts, paying to the officers concerned such fees only as the mayor and court of aldermen for the time being (hall dined and appoint, not exceeding thirteen (hillings and four pence for every thousand pounds ; and the faid mayor, commooaky, and citizens of the faid city of London, and their fucceflors, are and (hall be hereby acquitted and di(charged of and from the feme.

ofdd:f ^V. And to the end the faid monies may be duly applied to burrcmcnti to t*lc u^cs afbrefaid, for which the feme are by this ad appointed be kept. .and appropriated, be it further enaded by the authority afore-(aid. That there (hall, from time to time, be provided and kept by the faid chamberlain for the faid city of London for the time being, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all monies to be received, by any the ways or means herein before mentioned, (hall from time to time, as the fame (hall be received, be entred or fet down, and for what the famc| was received; and alfo one other like book or books, wherein the accounts of all payments and dilburfements out of the fame (hall be likewife entred, expreffing the time when, the occafioo for which, and the name of the perfon or perfons to whom thd feme were fo paid and driburfed; and that it (hall and may bej lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons to have fit acccfs unto, and view of the faid refpe&ive books of receipts an diiburlements, at all times, between the hours of nine and twelw in the forenoon, without any fee or reward to be taken for t Accounts to view or infpeftion thereof: and that the receipts and paymer be audited  of all the monies afbrefaid, by the faid chamberlain of the faid city

6p4<] Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Maria, c.io, 269

fany the fiid office or offices, he or they (hall be bound with efficient furetiea to the faid mayor, commonalty and citizens,

)r the juft and faithful execution of such office or employment,

1 such xeafonable fum or fums, aa by the faid mayor or court f aldermen (hall be thought fitting, with refpeft to this prefent 51, and to the truft hereby repoied in such officer or officers.

XII. And to the intent that the faid fund may be perpetual. City lands : it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and charged with ter such time as the aforefaid impofition of fix pence here- 6>oooL morc-r laid (hall ceafe and determine, all and every tne manors, efluages, lands, tenements, markets, fairs and the duties there-, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the laid city London, in pofieffion or reverfion, (hall ft and and be charged th the full yearly fum of fix thousand pounds (over and ove the faid yearly fum of eight thousand pounds) and is reby appropriated and enacted to be applied to the fame ufes, which the faid yearly fum of eight thousand pounds is herein fore made liable.

XIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Mow much of bat all and every the aforefaid yearly and other rents and pay-orphans ;nts, iffues, profits, duties, impositions, fum and fums of !^Cai*dhow >ney whatfoever, by this aft appointed to be raifed, charged,p * id, collefted, had, received or made by, out of, or for any i matters or things, or by any the ways or means herein be-e mentioned, (hall (deducting thereout such neceflary and ifonable falaries and allowances, as the find mayor and court aldermen (hall jthink fit to allow to any perfon or perfons, om they (hall employ for the colieftirig, receiving or paying i fame) from time to time for ever, in the first place be ap-?d by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, the payment of the annual fum of four pounds of lawful ney for the intereft of every one hundred pounds, and pro-tionably for a greater or lefler fum, of the above mentioned >eftive debts, and all the intereft thereof due on the (aid five,

I twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety ee, to any orphan of the faid city, or the. executors, ad-liftrators or affigns of any such orphan* and a!fo for the pay-nt of the like yearly intereft of four pounds for every hun-d pounds principal money, and the intereft thereof, to be iputed as aforesaid, due at any time between the faid five twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred fifty , and the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thou-1 fix hundred ninety three, upon bond, bill, or note, liable >ay intereft, from the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens,

0  any perfon or perfons whatfoever, or to fo much thereof f as the faid monies, by this aft appointed to be raifed and

1  as aforesaid, (hall yearly amount unto, to fatisfy and pay ards the faid intereft to the faid orphans, and other the faid litors of the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or their eftive executors, aaminiftrators or affigns, equally in proion to their refpeftive intereft, the faid payments to be made

twice

money into the chamber.

Procefs upon recognizance laved.

Corporation

272 Anno quinto & facto Gulielmi & Maria: c.io. [1694.

pay orphans or perfons whatfoever (hall at any ftme be compelled or obliged by virtue of any cuftom within the laid city, or by any order or procefs of the court of orphans, or otherwife howfoever, to pay or deliver into the chamber of the laid city of LmAen* any fum or fuips of money or perfonal eftate, due or to be due or belonging to any orphan or orphans of any freeman of the faid city i any law or ufage for enforcing the lame notwithstanding.

XIX.  Provided always, That nothing herein contained lhall be deemed or conftruea to extend to impeach, make void, or prevent procefs upon any recognizance already given, according to the cuftom of the faid city.

XX.  And be it further enadted, That if any of the faid fum lands charged, or fums by this act appropriated, or any part thereof, lhall hap-if mayor, «c. p^n to be mifapplied or converted to any other ufe than as afore-mi aPP y- raid, by the faid corporation of the mayor, commonalty, and

citizens of London for the time being, or any of their officers, or any other perfon, by colour of any warrant or authority by, from, or under them; that then in such cafe the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, lhall and may be anfwerable for the fame, out of the revenue of the faid corporation, in any adfcion to be brought by any of the faid orphans, or other creditors, their heirs or afligns; which faid fum fo recovered lhall go and be to and for the ufes aforesaid, in like manner as the fame (if not mifapplied) (hould or might have been, excepting the cofts of such fuit, which lhall be to and for the benefit .of him, her or them fo fuing.

Fines, &c> up- XXI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That all amerria-on the mayor, ments, fines, i flues, or diftrelTes againft the faid corporation of

&C. not tO be  f*,IA movnr rAmmnnnhv onrt />ih«?Anc onr] tlipir fn/'/'fllTrkrc

difeharged.

' the faid mayor, commonalty and citizens, and their fucceffors refpedtively, had, charged or levied, in or upon account of such lint or adhons brought, (hall be applied to the ufes aforesaid, and to no other ufe whatfoever, no/ fhall the fame be pardoned, acquitted or difeharged by any letters of fignet, privy feal, or great leal, of their Majefties, their heirs or mcceuors, or otherwife howfoever; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. Orphans here- XXII. Provided always, and be it enadted. That when, and after may take as often as any application (hall be made to the faid mayor and advantage of court of aldermen for the time being, on behalf of any orphan this adfc. qY orphans of the faid city, by the executors or adminiftrators of the father of such orphans, to pay in and lodge any fum or fums of money, of or belonging to such orphan or orphans, in the faid chamber, and to have the benefit of the laid provifion hereby made, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid itiayor and court of aldermen, and they are hereby impowered and diredied, to order the chamberlain of the faia city for the time being, to pay off the like fum to such perfon or perfons in-titled to the faid yearly payments as aforesaid, as they think fit, not being orphans under the age of one and twenty years, and giving three months notice to or for the perfon or perfons fo to be paid off and difeharged; at the end of which three months, upon payment, or tenaring of the faid monies due for principal 2  ant)

1694*] Aimoquinto & fexto GtfUfcLMI & Marias. c.io. 27$

and intercft to or for the perfon or perfons to whom such notice (hall be given, according to the provifion hereby made, at the office of the faid chamberlain in Guild-hall? London, then and from thenceforth the annual fum or foots of money payable to such perfon or perfons, to whom such notice, payment, of tender (hall be made or given, ihall ceafe and determine, and the fame (hall become due and payable to or for the ufe of such orphan or orphans, who (hall have paid in the monies for the fame, and (hall be regiftred accordingly, and be affignable as aforefaid. NevCrthelefs, the monies fo tcndred (hall be paid to . such perfon and perfons, upon their demand of the fame, and affigning or giving a difcharge for the fame, it being hereby enacted and declared, that the provifion hereby made (hall be and remain a perpetual dock or fond for the benefit of the orphans of the faid city fucceffively.

XXIII.  And be it further ena&ed and declared. That all such Orphans who of the faid debt* due to any of the faid orphans, as have been at

any time before the faid five and twentieth day of December? af- may’rcdeem

figned or granted, or covenanted to be afligned or granted, or in 3 yean tins*

for which any authority hath heretofore been given or granted,

by any of the faid orphans, their hufoands, executors or ad-*

miniftrators, to any perfon or perfons, to receive the fame, or

any part thereof, to the ufe of such perfon fo authorized, or any

other perfon befide such orphan, (nail and may be redeemed,

and are hereby declared to be redeemable by the laid orphans, of

their hufoands, or their refpedtive executors or adminiftrators*

on payment of the faid principal fum of money paid in confide-*

ration of making the faid aflignment, grant, covenant or autho~

rity, together with the charges and intereft for the fame, from

the time of the payment thereof, after the rate of eight pounds

per centum per annum, for one year, difcounting for what hath

been received for or in refpeA of the faid debt by any such per-*

ion to whom such aflignment or authority was made or given,

and upon payment or tender of the faid principal money, inte-

reft, and charges, such grant, aflignment or authority, and air

covenants and agreements concerning the lame, ihall be void*

Provided nevertnelefs. That such redemption as aforefaid be made within the fpace of three years from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXIV.  And whereas divers perfons? pretending as agents and fo- Bonat to Heitors to obtain the payment of the orphans debts by <}ft of parliamentagcnu T . or otberwife? have induced many orphans? and others for them? to enter into obligations? agreements, contracts, Jubfcriptions? or other fe-aerifies? for payment of large portions of their debts ivhenfoever it

/hould be recovered? which may amount to very great fans ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all such bonds, obligations, agreements, contracts, fubferiptions, and other fe-curities fo entred into, (hall be null and void; and that it (hall be lawful for the mayor and court of aldermen of the city cf Mayor, &c. to London? out'of the revenue fettled by this a6k for relief of the or- #®en *’ phans and other creditors, to allow and pay. unto such agents

V ol. IX*  X  and

274 Anno quinto & facto Gulielmi & Marim. cio. [1694.

and folidtors what they judge may be reasonable; which fums Agent offend- (hall be allowed in the account of the faid revenue; and in cafe any such agents or folicitors (hall demand or receive any more money upon account of, or from any of the fatd orphans, than what (hall be fo adjudged due to them refoedively, they (hall rtfpedively forfeit treble the fum they (hall fo receive, to be re* covered together with cods of fuit, by such perfon or pcrfons, who (hall me for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or in* formation, in any of their Majefties courts of record at tViflmin-Jler, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law * (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XXV.  Provided, That this ad (hall not extend to the New River water, nor to the profits and perquifites thereof. Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued or taken to hinder or obftrud the governor and com* pany of undertakers for railing the Thames water in York Buildings, or their afligns, from taking or drawing water out of the river of Thames, or from laying or repairing their pipes or branches, according to an ad of parliament in that behalf made; but that they may (till enjoy all their rights and titles by the faid ad provided, and may (till continue to take the faid Toamet water, and to lay and repair their pipes, as they might have lawfully done before the making of this ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. Provided alfo, That neither the faid governor and company of undertakers for railing the Thames water in York Buildings, or their afligns, nor the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their afligns, do or (hall difturb, obftrud, or hinder each other, in laying, repairing or amending such their refpedive pipes or branches, or to do or caufe to be done any prejudice or damage to each others pipes or brandies.

>twuwc(t w XXVI. Provided, That nothing in this ad (hall be conftru-ter%?ed.Wa or taken to hinder or obftrud the governor and company of the water-works and water-houfes in ShadweU, or their fuccef-fors, of any right or title to take and receive water out of the river of Thames, nor to hinder or obftrud them in laying pipes and branches in the ftreets and open pafiages, or holding, ufing, ex-C uatrZveti crci^n8> enjoying all or any such right, title, eftate, powers, I#,' ~ privileges, and advantages whatfoever, as by one ad of this present parliament, intituled. An a& for incorporating the proprietors of the water-works in the parijb of St. Paul Shadwell in the county Middlefex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and fettling the faid waterworks, or by any other lawful ways and means, they and their fucceflors do now enjoy the fame, or as they may or might enjoy the fame, as if this prefeot ad had never been made; any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithftanding.  |

XXVII. Provided, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to the water-works of mafter Thomas Morris, at or near London bridge, Whifch he holdeth and enjoy-oth by virtue of a grant made to Peter Morris his late grandhi-

fiither.

London bridge water

mg forfeits treble da* mages.

New river water laved.

Yoric buildings water laved.

Provifo for pipes.

694*] Anno quinto & facto GOUElmi & Marine, c.10.  27$

id intereft to or for the perfon or perfons to whom such notice all be given, according to the provifion hereby made, at the lice of the faid chamberlain in Guild-hall, London, then and >m thenceforth the annual fum or Aims of money payable to ch perfon or perfons, to whom such notice, payment, or nder (hall be made or given, lhall ceafe and determine, and e fame lhall become due and payable to or for the ufe of such phan or orphans, who (hall have paid in the monies for the ne, and lhall be regiftrcd accordingly, and be affignable as irefaid. Neverthdef*, the monies fo tendred (hall be paid to .

:h perfon and perfons, upon their demand .of the fame, and igning or giving a difcharge for the fame, it being hereby en-ed and declared, that the provifion hereby made (hall be and nain a perpetual dock or fond for the benefit of the orphans the faia city fucccffivdy.

XXIII.  And be it further enaded and declared. That all such Orphan* who the faid debts-due to any of the faid orphans, as have been at

|T time before the faid five and twentieth day of  ,  af-  m*"* Adeem

ned or granted, or covenanted to be afligned or granted, or in j yean time, which any authority hath heretofore been given or granted, any of the faid orphans, their hulbands, executors or ad-> ni dr a tors, to any perfon or perfons, to receive the fame, or f part thereof, to the ufe of such perfon fo authorized, or any ter perfon befide such orphan, (hall and may be redeemed,

I are hereby declared to be redeemable by the laid orphans, or :ir hulbands, or their refpedtive executors or adminiftrators, payment of the faid principal fum of money paid in confide-* ion of making the faid alfignment, grant, covenant or autho-f, together with the charges and intereft for the fame, from : time of the payment thereof, after the rate of eight pounds centum per annum, for one year, difcounting for what hath ;n received for or in refpedt of the faid debt by any such per*

1 to whom such alfignment or authority was made or given, i upon payment or tender of the faid principal money, inte-1, and charges, such grant, alfignment or authority, and air 'enants and agreements concerning the fame, lhall be void, avided nevertheless. That such redemption as aforefaid be ide within the fpace of three years from and after the end of s prefent feflion of parliament.

XXIV.  And tuberous divers perfons, pretending as agents and ft- Bond* to

tors to obtain the payment of the orphans debts by  of parliament *S*nt*TOld*.

itherwife, have induced many orphans, and others for them, to

into obligations, agreements, contrails, fitbfcriptions or other fettles, for payment of large portions of their debts  it

uld be recovered, which may amount to very great fums; be it srefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all such bonds, ligations, agreements, contracts, fubfcriptions, and other ferities fo entred into, (hall be null and void; and that it lhall lawful for the mayor and court of aldermen of the city of May°r* “c- to ndon, out "of the revenue fettled by this ad for relief of the or- *** ***“ *’ ans and other creditors, to allow and pay. unto such agents Vo l. IX.  T  awl

’ re-

Mooer rained to be repaid.

27ft AAno quinto & lex!© Gulielmi ee

for the chamberlain to iflue and pay, towards die nece&y ex-pences or charges, any fum or fums, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thieufand bounds yearly, out of the monks hereby appointed to and for the ufe of the faid orphans and creditors as aforabid ■, any thing in this w8t contained to the contrary in any wife notwithfanding.

XXXII. Provided neverthelefo, and be it enaftnd by the authority aforesaid, That if after the deduction and allowance of die laid two thouland pounds per annum, for the ufc and fop-pott of the government of the faid city of London, during tie laid term of (even years, there (ball not be railed and paid to die orphans and creditors by this ad intended to be provided tor, out of the refidue of the rents, iflues and profits of the tned provifions and funds above mentioned, fo much money as will rally fatisfy all the faid orphans and creditors intcrcft far *U their feveral and refoedive defats, after the rate of four pounds ttntum ptr annum, during the faid whole term of leva yon, that then and in such cafe the laid mayor, commonalty and citizens of the faid city of  L for the time bong, (hall repay

into the hands of the chamberlain of  fat the time being,

within fcven years after the expiration of the laid term, the whole and full fom of fourteen thouland pounds, or fo much thereof as they lhall have made ufe of for the fupport of the government, by two thouland pounds ptr annum, or such kfs yearly fum, |s mail be proportionable to what they lhall hare it made ufe of, until the fame, or fo much thereof as lhall mb good the deficiency that lhall appear in the fatisladtion of the in-tereft of all the faid monies due to the faid orphans and otfe creditors, at the rate aforesaid, by reafon of applying the fiil two thouland pounds per , or any part thereof, to the d of and for the fuoport of the government of the faid city for the term aforesaid, mall be fatlsfied; and for fecuring die repayment thereof, as aforesaid, all and every the eftate, rents, revenues, intereft, perquifites, profits, and emoluments of any fort (except the manors, memiages, lands, eftates, paSefioos, and revenue, of and belonging to the faid hofoitals, in at belonging to the laid city of London, or borough of  aid

fuch as are chargeable with and for the repairs of London bridge, which at the expiration of the laid term of seven years lhall belong unto the.laid mayor, commonalty, and citizens thereof n their politick or publick capacity only] lhall be and me herd? charged and made fubje& and liable thereunto.

Cap. xj.

An aft to prevent delays of proceedings at tbe quarter of tbe peace.

it  Joe. l. e.t. XTTHEREAS it it experienced, that  tbe

'V made in tbe one and twentieth ye t Sett Car *  Ftrft*an^ ** thethirteenth and-fourteenth and tout and tuxntiei

t.6. f.i«. * 7eart v King Charles the Second, concerning the granting of un-in j j»Car.,. c.ia> Certiorari, to removo  inekiimenof riott, petty, ajfauh c1

City hods charged with rrpeyeat.

I

i$94>] Anno quinto & fexto GutlELMI & MaRIJE. c. i I.  2J7

battery,  and  ttbtrprcfenlments and indittments tut if the  ofthe'

general or quarter ftffumsof the  peace, in the counties or places where-

in fucb indiitments have been found, and proceedings thereupon ed, into their Majefties court of KingY Bench, divers contentious, lewd, and evil difpofed perfons, fearing to be purified where they and their offences are wtu known, have not only obtained writs of Certiorarifor removing fucb indiflmentsfound them as  afoftfitud, hut alfoindUlments for funiry  other trefpafles,

frauds, nujances, contempts, and  mifdemeanors, after ijfue joined, and

the prefecutors attending with their council and witneffes to try the fame before the findjuftices of the peace in their faid  to  the

treat aifcouragement of the profecutors, and of fucb  and

Uker officers, as according to their duty pref perfons fir those and iech like  trefpaffes,offences, and mifdemeanors: for remedy where-

>f, and that Juch offenders may be brought to condign punhh-nent,

II. Be it enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent Certiorari in najefties, by and with the advice and confent of die lords fpiri-term time ual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament iflembied, ana by die authority of the fame. That in term time Ip 10 writ of Certiorari whatfoever, at the profecutkra of any party ndi&ed, be hereafter granted, awarded, or direded out of the aid court of King’s Bench, to remove any such indidment or refentment of trefpafr or nufdemeanor, before trial had, from >efore the faid juftices in the faid courts of general or quarter eflions of the peace, unlefs such Certiorari lhall be granted or .warded upon motion of council, and by rule of court made for he granting thereof, before the judge or judges of the faid court € King’s Bench fitting in open court, and that all the parties in- Recognizance li«£led, ptofecutipg such Certiorari, before the allowance there- to be given f, (hall find two luffident manucaptors, who (hall enter into a *!7,n8th* ecognizance before one or more juftices of the peace of the ounty or place, in the fum of twenty pounds, with condition t the return of such writ to appear and plead to the faid indid-nent or prefentment in the find court of King’s Bench, and at * Salk. 56+. is and their own cofts and charges to caufe and procure the Hue that (hall be joined upon die faid indidment at prefentment,

>r any plea relating thereunto, to be tried at the next affixes to

>e hdd for the county wherein the (aid indidment or prefent- Except inLon.

lent was found, after such Certiorari (hall be returnable, if don andWctt-

iot in the cities of  London,fKeftminfter, or county of Middlefex; minfter.

nd if in the faid dries or county, then to caufe or procure it to

ic tried the next term after, wherein such Certiorari (hall be

ranted, or at the fitting after the find term, if the court of

Zings Bench (hall not appoint any other time for the trial there-

f and if any other time (hall be appointed by the court, then

t such other time, and to give due notice of such trial to the

rofecutor, or his derk in court t and that the faid recogni- Certiorari _

ance and recognizances, taken as aforesaid, (hall be certified

jto the (aid court of King’s Bench, pith the faid Certiorari and zanoe vwdT

idi&tjneot, to be there filed, andthc name of the profecutor

T3  (if

278 Anno quinto & fcxto GULIELMI& MariJE- c.n. [1694,

(if he be the party grieved or injured) or fome publick officer to be indorfed on the back of the faid indictment, and if the per-fon profecuting such Certiorari, being the defendant, (hall not, before allowance thereof, procure such manucaptors to be bound in a regognizance as aforeiaid, the juftices of the peace may and (hall proceed to trial of the (aid indictment at the faid feffions, notwithftanding such writ of Certiorari fo delivered.

Officers profe- 111. And be it further ena&ed. That if the defendant profe-euting (hall curing such writ of Certiorari be convicted of the offence for have double which he was indiCted, that then the faid court of Kings Bench (hall give reafonable cofts to the profecutor, if he be the party grieved or injured, or be a juftice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, loadable, head borough, tythingman, churchwarden, or over* feer of the poor, or any otner civil officer, who (hall profecute upon the account of any fad committed or done, that concern* ed him or them,'as officer or officers, to profecute or prefent, which cods (hall be taxed according to the courfe of the faid court, and that the profecutor, for the recovery of such cods, (hall within ten days after demand made of the defendant, and , refufal of payment on oath, have an attachment granted againft the defendant by the faid court for such his contempt; and that the faid recognizance (hall not be difeharged rill the cofts fo taxed (hall be paid.

Certiorari how IV. Provided always,, and be it. enaCted by the authority a-grantable in forefaid, That in any of the vacations, writs of Certiorari may vacation. be granted by any of the juftices of their Majefties' court of King's Bench, whose names (hall be indorfed on the (aid writ, and alfo the name of such perfon at whose inftance the fame is granted, and that the party or parties indkftcd, profecuring such Certiorari, (hal), before the allowance of such writ or writs of Certiorari, find such fureties, in such fum, and with such conditions, as are before mentioned and fpecified in this prefent ad.

Certiorariin V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That bow granted uP°n werY Certiorari granted or awarded within the counties -  ’  palatine  or  Chefier, Lancajiery or Durham, to remove indictments

or preferments for any of the matters aforementioned, all the parties indiCted, profeouting such Certiorari, (haft find filch fore-ties, to be bound in such Aims, and with such refpeCtive conditions, and at his or their own cofts and charges (hall caufc and procure the tfue joined upon the fyid indictments or preferments to be tried at the next affizes or general gaol delivery to be held for the faid refpeCtive counties, and (halT give like notice to the profecutor, and if convicted, (hall be liable to like cofts, to be taxed as is by this aCt provided for in cafes where the fame are granted or awarded out of the court of King's Bench at WeftminJUr.

Certiorari up- VI. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority afore-(aid. That if any indictment or prefen tment be againft any per-■ y * c* fpn or perfons, for not repairing of any highways, caufeways,

2  pave-

r 694.] Annoquloto&fextoGulielmi &Mari.«. c.12.  279

avements, or bridges, and the right or title to repair the lame lay come in question* upon such fuggeftion and affidavit made f the truth thereof, a Certiorari may be granted to remove the ime into the court of King's Bench ; any law or Statute to the ontrary in any wife notwithstanding. Provided neverthelefs, lat the party or parties prosecuting such Certiorari Shall find. no manucaptors to be bound in a recognizance with condition s aforefaid.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority This to brefaid, that this adt (hall continue and be in force for three continue tor ars, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parlia- 3 y**”* lent, and no longer. Made perpetual by S& 9 fP. 3. cap. 33.

CAP. XII.

In aS to take away the procefs for the Capiatur fine in the feveral courts at Weftrainfter.

HTTHEREAS there are divers fiats and affions of trejpafi, w y ejeflmenty aJJaultj and falfe imprifonmenty brought by party rainfi party in the refpetlive courts of law at Weftminfter, and bon judgment entrei againft the defendant or defendants in such tits or actions, the reffieStive courts aforefaid do (ex officio) ijfite it procefs againft such defendant and defendants> for a fine to the *

-ourn^ for a breach of the peace thereby committed^ which is not Pertained) hit is ufually compounded for a fmall fum of money by me officer in each of the Jaid courts, but never efireated into the Exchequer; which officers, or fome of them, do very often outlaw >e defendants for tbejame> to weir very great damage: For reme-y whereof,

II. Be it enadted by the King and Queen’s moft excellent Capias pro fine lajefties, by and with the advice and confent of thfc lords fpi- taken away, tual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parlia- * Mod* lent afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from enceforth no writ or writs, commonly called capias pro fine> in ny of the faid fuits or adtions in any of the faid courts, fhall e fued out or profccutcd againft any of the Said defendant or efendants, or any further procefs thereupon; but the fame nes, and all former fines yet unpaid, are and fhall hereby be emitted and discharged for ever. Yet neverthelefs the plaintiff r plaintiffs m every such adfion Shall (upon Signing judgment herein, over and above the ufual fees for figning thereof; pay 1 $***• 54*

:> the proper officer, who Signeth the fame, the fum of Six hillings and -eight pence, in full fatisfadtion of the faid fine, nd all fees due for or concerning the faid fine, to be distributed 1 such manner as fines and fees of this kind have ufually been, nd not otherwife; which faid officer and officers Shall make an Fine turned ncreafe to the plaintiff or plaintiffs of fo much in their cofts, into colts.

0 be taxed againft the faid defendant and defendants.

T +

CAP.

*8o Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Ma*ia: c.13.^ z694;

CAP. XilL

An aft to repeal the ftatute made in the tenth year, of King Edward the Thirds for finding fureties for the good abtar-ing% by him or her that bath a pardon of felony. to Ed* 9. flat, VXT’HEREAS by one aft made at the parliament holden in tie *• c- 3f • . V V tenth year of the reign of King Edward the Third, it was amongjl other things enafted, That in cafe the King jhould grant any eharters of pardon, of manjlaughter, robbery, felonies, and other trefpajfes againft the peace, that, wi/A/e three months after the making the fame, they that jhould have the faid charters, should come and find (before the Jheriffs and coroners of the counties where the felonies Were done) fix good and fuff dent mainpernorsy for whom the faid Jheriffs and coroners would anfwer, that they from thenceforth should bear tbemfelves well and lawfully ; and that the mainprizes should be fealed with their fools, and returned into Chancery within three weeks after the end of thefaid three months; and toot if they that should have such charters, would in time to come aid tbemfehes there-by> and should not find such mainprizes,  after fuel nurinprize

foundf should bear themjehes otherwife againft the peace than they ought, their charters should be holden for none: which Jlatuie bath been found very inconvenient, in relation to divers per fans, who have been efieemed jit objefts of mercy; and therefore the faid ftatute bath been feldom put in praftice, but for the mojt part bath been difpenfei Withal in the charters of pardons that were granted in former reigns: Andforafrmh ashy one aft made in the first year of their now Ma-iW.UMfitt.t jtftitt retgfo intituled, An aft for declaring the rights and liber-c. a*  ties of the fubje&, and fettling the fucceuion ot the crown, it

was enafted^ That from and after that faffion of parliament, no dif penfation by non obftante of or to any ftatute or any part thereof should be allowed, but that the fame should be held void and of none tffeft ; whereby divers qf their Majefties fuhjefts are rendered kfs capable of their Alajefties mercy than before, it being very difficulty if not impoJfibUy to find fix fubftantial perjons, who will adventure to oe bound for the good beoavtour of any perfin needing a pardon during his life:

II. Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent majefties, by and with the advice and copfent of the _,  .  lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament

1 .c? t. repeal- Ambled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid # ^ a& made in the tenth year of King Edward the Third, and every article and claufe therein, (hall be and are repealed and annulled, and are hereby declared to be repealed and annulled, to all in-Perftms par* tents and purposes whatfoever. Provided neverthelefs, and be dpned even it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any charter of *CT’CrVCrti Pafdon be pleaded by any perfon, for any felony, the juftiees, may be re!** ^fore whom fuel* pardon (hall be pleaded, may gt their dif-quiredtQ ~ cretfon remand or commit such perfon to prifon, there tore-give fecunty main until he or (he (hall enter into a recognizance, with two for good be- fufficient fureties, for his or her .being of the good behaviour yeart!* ** 7 fa *97 tiw not exceeding (even years, Provided, That if ' v  tny

$94*] Annoqmnto& ftatoGcLiELMi & Maxijb. C. 14-16. a8i' iy such charter of pardon be pleaded bv a feme covert or hint, such feme covert or infant may find two fufficient fureties, ho (hall enter into a recognizance for him ot her being of le good behaviour as is afbrefaid.

CAP. XIV.

h a3  for raxfing money  by a poll, payable quarterly for one

year, for carrying on a vigorous war aga^nft France.

VN D whereas it was the true intent and meaning of an An eaplanati-aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, entituled, An •granting to tbeir MajeJlies certain rates and duties upon fait, and ^ 7. on  beer, ale, and other  liquors, far fecuring certain recompenses that those that

d advantages in tbe faid ail mentioned, to fucb perfons  vo-

itarify advance tbe Jiun of ten hundred tboufand pounds, towards advantage 'tying on tbe war againfl France, That in cafe any perfon *3 blank* for ould contribute, or adventure feveral intire fums of ten other fum*. iunds, in manner as is therein mentioned, that such perfon ould not by any fortunate lot, be any ways barred of the year-fum of one pound for any other intire fum of ten pounds, ntributed or adventured by such perfon as afbrefaid, which ay be concaved as a doubt, by reafon of fome obfeure words the faid aft. For the explaining whereof, it is hereby dewed and enafted, That every perfon which hath or (hall con-bute or adventure feveral intire fums of ten pounds in man-r aforesaid, every such perfon, his or her executors, admini-ators and affigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, for and du-ig the term of fixteen years therein mentioned, the feveral' irly fums of one pound for every fum of ten pounds fo con-buted or to be contributed by him or her, as aforefaid; exiting only for such fum of ten pounds, which (hall be inti-ied to such fortunate lot, as afbrefaid. And be it further en-ted by the authority aforefaid. That the monies which fhall Exeife for fe by the rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale and other ^heforteen* uors by the (aid ad granted, during the laft three years of °ear, n..nh. t term of fixteen years, for which the fame are thereby grant- difpofed by , or fo much of the faid monies arifing during the faid laft parliament, ree years, as (hall remain, after all arrearages (if any fuch* all be) of the annuities or yearly or other payments, to be ade for the monies which are or fhall be contributed or ad-ntured, purfuant to the faid aft, (hall be fully fatisfied, fhall referved and difpofed as-fhall hereafter be directed by aft of riiament, and not otherwise; any thing in the faid aft con-med to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XV.

1 aft for continuing the aft for punifluog officers and foldiers, who fhall mutiny or defert their Majefties fcrvice, and for punching falfe mutters, EXP. and for the payment of quarters, for one year longer.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for the importation of fidtpetre for one year.

EXP.

*8 Ed. 3. c. 5, 33 H. 8. c. 7. * A 3 Ed. 6. c. 37-

Iron, See. to be exported. By 7 Ann*, c. 8. f. 8. Britilh Copper may be exported duty free.

282 Anno quinto & facto Gitlielmi & Marla. C. 17-19. [1694^

CAP, XVII,

yf* d# for the exportation of iron, copper, and mundick

metal.

WHEREAS Ay feveralJlatutes, the one made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of Edward /A* Third, and the other in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and another in the fecond year of the reign of Edward the Sixth, late Kings of England, iron, copper, W bell-metal, are prohibited to be exported out of this realm, under feveral penalties in the faid Jlatutes refpeftively contained: For the better encouragement of the working of copper mines within their Majefties dominions.

II. Be it therefore enaded by the King’s and Queen’s moil excellent majefties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

Siarliament aftembled, and by the authority of the lame. That rom and after the five and twentieth day of March, one thou-fand fix hundred ninety four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, bodies politick or corporate, to (hip and export all fend all manner of iron, copper, or mundick metal out of this realm of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed; except unto or for the ufe of the French King, or any of his fubjedts redding within his dominions, or in to or for any port or place within his laid dominions, during the prefent war between their Majefties and the French King, paying the duties and cuftoms by law payable for the fame j the laid recited ftatutes, or any other ftatute, law or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wue not-withftanding.

III. Provided that this ad (hall not extend to the exporta*-tion of any pot-metal, gun-metal, Ihruff-metal, or any old metal, or any mixture therewith, or pf any copper or other metal, than what is made of EngUJb ore only.

cap. xvra.

An ad for enabling their Majefties to make grants, leafes, and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of their duchy of Commit, or annexed to the fame, and for confirmation of leafes and grants already made. Grants by Kins Charles Second, Ac. of any part or parcel of the duchy of Cornwall good. Grants to be for ji years, or determinable upon 3 lives. Not difpuni/hable of wafte. Ufual rent. Covenants, Ac. to bind reverfioners. Saving to all their rights, except the King, Ac. Tenants compounding for the increpfed rent, old rent only to lland. Fees for grants of Tmall value. Penalty upon oQtcers pffending.

CAP, XIX.

An ad for railing the militia of this kingdom for the year one thousand fix hundred ninety four, although t&e month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Pot-metal,Ac< excepted.

EXP-

EXP.

CAP.

i4.] Anno quinto& fexto Gulielmi & Marta, c.20.  »8|

CAP. XX.

aft  for grafting to their Majefties feveral rates and

ies upon tannage of  fhips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale,

\nd other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid all  mentioned,to fucb perfons as Jhall

voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thoufend ounds, towards the carrying on the war againji France.

Mcji gracious  fovertigns,

7 E your majefties mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the r commons afiembled in parliament, for the further fup*— of your Majefties extraordinary occafions, for and towards neceflary defence of your realms, do humbly prefent your efties with the further gift of the impofitions, rates, ana du-herein after mentioned; and do befeech your Majefties that ay be enacted:

!. And be it cna&ed by the King’s and Queen’s mod ex-Tonnage int majefties, by and with the advice ana confent of the aP°n A“P* s fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent for ♦ iament afiembled, and by ti)e authority of the fame. That1 and during the term of four years, commencing from the day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hun-1 ninety and four, there fhall be throughout the kingdom of land, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed,Far tb* r***»*-;d, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the ufe of their efties, their heirs and fuccefiors, for and upon the tunnage *■£ gw. 3. ill fhips and veflels, wherein at any time or times, and for c. jt. y time, during the faid term of four years, there fhall be orted any goods or merchandizes into this kingdom of Eng-, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, n any the parts, places, or countries hereafter mentioned, therein, during the laid term, there fhall be carried coaft-1 from any port, member or creek, in the kingdom of Eng-, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, unto other port creek or member, within the fame kingdom. Several rates. linion, port, or town, the feveral and refpedtive rates, Stations, duties and lums of money herein after mentioned it is to fay) (1) For every tun of the burthen, or contents  India,to.

ny (hip or veflei, importing goods, wares, or merchandizes 30s. n the Eojl Indies or any parts Southward or eaftward of cabo 1 Speranza, the fum of thirty (hillings. (2) For every tun Italy,Turkey, :he burthen, or contents of any (hip or veflei, importing 's»* ds, wares or merchandizes, from any ports or places in r or Turkey, the fum of fifteen (hillings. (3) For every of the burthen, or contents of any (hip or vefiel, import- Spainftos. goods, wares or merchandizes, from any ports or places in tugal or Spain, the fum of ten (hillings. (4) For every tun weft the burthen, or contents of any (hip or vefiel, importing >os. ’ ds, wares, or merchandizes, from any the plantations,

lands

If a peace, (hips from Trance how charged.

a96 Anno quinto & factaGtfLiELMi 5cMarIje. c.ao. [ 1694,

Newfoundland  VI. Provided always, and be it emfted by the authority afore-

V*•  *2 that all (hips trading to Newfoundland^ importing train oyl,

jy -SSSST or any °ther merchandize from thence, (hall pay ten (hillings per ^  "  tun only for such train oyl or other merchandize as (hall be red-

ly and bona fide brought home, and not be obliged to pay according to the meafure or the (hipping; any thing heron contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if a peace (hall be made and declared between their Majeftiesand the French King, at any time during the continuance of the duty charged by this ad upon the tunnage of (hips and veflels, then and in such cafe, all (hips and veflels importing any goods or merchandize from any or the French Kings territories in Europe without th eflreightSj (hall pay the like dutyof tonnage, as any (hips or veflels importing goods from Portugal are charged with by this ad, over and above all other duties payable for iiich (hips and veflels.

Sand,&c. from VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority port to port aforesaid, That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall raved. not extcrM| to charge, or lay any duty upon any barge employed in carrying fand, lime, or flate-ftone from port to port, within the Kingdom of England, and dominion of Woles, for, or in sefped of any such lading only; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

Ships how IX. And be it further enaded and declared. That all (hips meafured. and veftels, importing goods and merchandize from foreign

Jhotbir-waytfW “ W'U “ *U  VC^!*> &*** » „th« PW»«* °f

muafuring, or- the duties of tunnage, by this ad impofed, (hall be gauged and ebndSp6Sc7. meafured according to the rule printed with the book of rates,

W. 3. cap. is. publifhed in the year one thousand fix hundred feventy one, fl°*  (thatUtofa'.............................  -----

_______ ____iy) every (ingle decked (hip or vcflel, (hall be measured by the length of the keel taken within board ((o much 2$ (he treads upon the ground) and the breadth to be taken within board, by the mid(hip beam, from plank to plank, and the depth of the hold, from the plank below the kelfey, to the under part of the deck-plank *, and for a two decked (hip, (which carries goods between decks) the depth of her hold to be taken from the plank below the kelfey, to the under part of the upper deck-plank, and the length and breadth as before; then multi-

ply the length by the breadth, and the product thereof by the depth, and divide the whole by ninety four, and the quotient will give the true contents of the tunnage, according to which method and rule, all (hips and veflels mall be meafured, and the feveral duties of tunnage thereby be computed and colle&ed accordingly, any cuftom, practice, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fecondyear 0) Excife granted their Majeflies reign^ intituled, An alt for granting to theirMajeftics additional duties upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for

s.c.'io. ' • four years, from the time that an ad for doubling the duty of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors during the fpaceoi one *  year.

1694) Annoquinto & fextoGuLiELMi & Marije, c.2cr.  287

year, doth expire; it was enabled* That from and after the (even-ttenth day s/* November, in the year of our Lord tone thousandfik hundred ninety and one* there flmld be throughout their Majojiies kingdom of England* dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick tip* en Tweed, ratfed* levied* collected, end paid* im/0 flWr Majejlies* their heirs and fuccejfors* during the /pace and term of four years* and no longer* for beer* ale* cyder* <urd other liquors therein mentioned* by way of excife* over and above all other duties, charges, <rar</ /«-pojitions* ijp former aft or afts* which Jfbould be then unexpired* fit* and impofed* in such manner*  therein is mentioned 5 which rates

end duties aforefind* by aft of parliament made in the third and fourth years of their now Majejlies reign*■ tfrs continued until the feven-ttenth day of May, one thousand fix hundred and ninety feven: be it further enaded, That for the further.encouragement of such per-ions, who (hall voluntarily contribute towards the railing and paying into their Maiefties Exchequer any Aim or fums, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifteen hundred thouland pounds, upon the feveral terms and recompences herein after mentioned, that from and after the feventeenth day of May* Which lhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand nx hundred ninety and feven, tnere (hall be throughout their Majcfties kingdom of Eng-land, dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* railed, levied, collected, and paid unto their Majfefties, their heirs and fuccefibrs, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors, herein after exprefled, by way of exetfe, over and above all duties, charges, and impofitians, by any former aft or afts then unexpired, fet, and impofed, one moiety or half part of the feveral rates and duties of excife granted by the laid laft mentioned fevcnJ aft, in manner and form following (that is to fay) (1) For ratet,beer, &c* every barrel of beer or ale, above fix (hillings the barrel, exclu- 6*. or above five of the duty of exdfe, brewed by the common brewer, or 9*- J°r ****£" any other perfon or perfons who doth or lhall fell or tap out beer  fee

or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, %Cco.t. rta or by such other perfon or perfons refpeftively, and fo proper- c. 11. f. u. tionably fora greater or lefler quantity, over and above the du- and 6 Geo* *• ties payable for the fame, nine pence. (2) For every barrel of L^or^Iider* beer, or ale, of fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the 3<ja  *

common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who (hall fell or up out beer or ale puhlickly or privately, to be paid bv the common brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpeftive-ly, as afoiefaid, 'and fo proportionally for a greater or leffer quantity, over and above the duties payable for the fame, three pence. (3) For every barrel of vinegar, or vinegar beer, brew- vinegar j&g* -ed or made of any Englijb materials, by any common brewer, or is. 6d. any other perfon for fale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and (o proportionally for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the duties of excife payable for the fame, one (hilling fixpence.

(4) For every barrel of vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, vinegar fo-made here for (ale, that hath run through rape, or made with reign, +s. or palling through any foreign materials, or any mixture with The duties on foreign materials, to be paid by the na&bor thereof, and fo pro-

portion-

If a peace, (hips from Trance how charged.

a86  Anno quinto 8c fextaGouiLMi 8c Mari*, c.io. [tfy

NtwfotuuQond  VI. Provided always, and be it enaAcd bytheamhaityifor

tlU}  fltips trading to  importing  tin

ly^mporteicLor anY other merchandize from thence, (hall paytenW®gsj 7  ^' tun only for such train oyl or other merchandize as Unlit*®

lyand bonafide brought home, and not be obliged to pay k® ing to the meafure of the (hipping ; any thing herein coona to the contrary notwith (landing.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That i peace (hall be made ana declared between their MajefKesa^d French King, at any time during the continuance of tit fa charged by this a& upon tbe tonnage of (hips and itfts, tka and in such cafe, all (hips and vefiels importing any gnisij merchandize from any of the French Kings territonesinfensi without th eflreights,(hall pay the like dutyof tunings,

(hips or veffels importing goods from Portugal aredurgnlwl by this adl, over and above all other duties pintle tbrfcl (hips and veflels.

Sand,&c.from VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the raksi port to port aforelaid. That this ad, nor any thing therein oootaned, hi saved. nQt  to charge, or lay any duty upon any barge empta

in carrying fand, lime, or date-done from port to poit, id in the kingdom of Eng and dominion of Welti, lor, ri sefpeA of any such lading only; anything hereinbetata tained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

Ship* how IX. And be it further ena&ed and declared, TMitf mealured. and veffels, importing goods and merchandize from fens Amber wajtfV*™* « «*U as all coaftmg veffels, liable »the H mtafuring, or- the duties of tunnage, by this act xmpofed, (hall be gajW dtredbyS & 7* meafured according to tne rule printed with the bod hfcj

W.  3.cap. i».publifhed in the year one thousand fix hundred ft zo>  (that is to fay) every fmglc decked (hip or veflel, (hallbeofl

fuied by the length of the keel taken within board (found; (he treads upon the ground) and the breadth to be taken wir^ board, by the midftiip beam, from plank to plant, wd t depth of the hold, from the plank below thekdftytotiuu der part of the deck-plank ; and for a two decked carries goods between decks) the depth of her hold to be ni from the plank below the kelfey, to the under part of thee* deck-plank, and the length and breadth as before; thtnsd ply the length by tbe breadth, and the produd thereof In t depth, and divide the whole by ninety four, and the qas will give the true contents of the tunnage, according toC method and rule, all (hips and veflels (nail be meakii the feveral duties of tunnage thereby be computed and ctfa accordingly, any cuftom, practice, or ufage to the contrary! withftanding.

X.  And whereas by an at1 of parliament made in tin fmM Excife granted tbeir Majeflies reigny intituled, An aft for granting to theirMidj feveral additional duties upon beer, ale, and other liquor 4  *  four years, from the time that an aft for doubling the te

excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors during the fpactw

*. c. 10.

6$4-J Anno quinto & fextoGuiiELMi & Maxije. c.20.  287

ar, doth expire; it  was onattod, That f and after the fevtn-

enth day if November, jx the year of our Lord ine fife '

mdrtd ninety and one, there flnmld he throughout their

agdom of England* dominion Wales, and town of Berwick Up-

• Tweed,  rasfed,  levied,ccllefled, and paid, unto  their

eir heirs and  futctjfors,during the fpate and term of four years,

id no  longer,for  beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors therein mention-

, by way of entife, over and above all other duties, charges, and im-

t/ions, by any former a£t or a£h, which jbould be then unexi tired,

, and impofed, in such manner, as therein is mentioned 5 which rates i duties ajorefind, by aft of parliament made inthe third and fourth rs of their now Majejlies reign, are continued until the /even-nth day of May, one thousand fix hundred and ninety seven : be it •ther eroded. That for the funhetencouragement of focb peris, who (hall voluntarily contribute towards the railing and ping into their Majefties Exchequer any fum or funis, not ex-rding in the whole the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, on the feveral terms and recompences herein after mentioned, it from and after the feventeenth day of May, Which (hall be the year of our Lord one thousand nx hnndred ninety and fe-1, there ftall be throughout their Majefties kingdom of Eng-1i, dominion of Waks, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, fed, levied, collc&ed, and paid unto their Majefties, their rs and fuccefiors, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors,

*ein after exprefled, by way of exciie, over and above all du-5, charges, and impofitians, by any former ad or ads then expired, fet, and impofed, one moiety or half part of the leal rates and duties of exciie granted by the (aid laft mentioned «phe , in manner and form foBowing (that is to fay) (1) For ratet,beer, &c. ry barrel of beer or ale, above fix (hillings the barrel, exclu- 6*. or above : of the duty of excifc, brewed by the common brewer, or 9&- for tie smother perfon or perfons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer  fee

ile publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, ,Geo.r.ftat{*+ yy such other perfon or perfons refpe^vely, and fo proper- c. i». f. it. lably fora greater or lefler quantity, over and above the du- and 6 Geo* *• payable for the fame, nine peace. (2) For every barrel of I' r, or ale, of fix (hillings the barrel or under, brewed by the ^ u * imon brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who (hall (ell ap out beer or ale pufaiickly or privatdy, to be paid bv the imon brewer, or by such other perfon or perfons refpedive-as aforesaid, fand fo proportionably for a greater or leiTer ntity, over and above the duties payable for the fame, three cc. (3) For every barrel of vinegar, or vinegar beer, brew- vinegar E*g+

>r made of any Englijh materials, by any common brewer, or is. 6d. other perfon for fale, to be paid by the maker thereof, and roportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above duties of excife payable for the fame, one Aniline fixpence.

For every barrel of vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, vinegar foie here for (ale, that hath run through rape, or made with reign, 4*. ailing through any foreign materials, or any mixture with The duties on ign materials, to be paid by the maker thereof, and fo pro-

portion- I,\y< ^ c. 2I#

«88 Anno quinto & fiatto GuliKlmic.2a [169V

f. * and 15. portionablyfor a greater or leflcr quantity, four (hillings. (5) Fa every barrel of taw, ale, or mum, imported from beyond th* «c. imported, w from the i(lands of  or ferfey, and lb propor-

tionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be pud by the impor-ters before landing, over and above the duties payable for the Cyder, dec. fame, three (hillings. (6) For every tun of cyder or perrr in. imported per ported from beyond the leas, and fo proportionably for a grata tun*  or lefler quantity, to.be paid by the importers before landing,

over and above the duties payable for the fame, four pounds. (7) For every gallon of (ingle brandy, (pints, or aqua vie, im-f*r gauon . portwj fj-om beyond the feas, to be paid by the importers babre landing, ovw and above the duties payable for the (aim, fix-Brandy double P®**- (8) for every gallon of brandy, fpirits, or aquas*above

u.  proof, commonly called  imported foam beyond

the feas, to be paid by the importers before landing, and above the duties payable for the lame, one (hilling. (9) For all Cyder retailed cyder and perry made and fold by mail, upon every ho$bad,xa per Hogfhead, ^ paid by the retailer thereof, ovw and above the duties pav-Mead* Su. Mra^e ^or *“* fame.and lb proportionably for a greater or Idle gallon^ jd. meafure, one (hilling three pence. (10) For all metbeglin or mead made for £Ue, whether by. retail or othwwife, to be pd by the maker, for every gallon three pence.

How to be le- XL And be it enaded by the authority afbrefeid, Thu tie vied.  faid feveral rates, duties and impofitions, upon taw, ale, cydr,

and othw liquors aforelaid, be levied, colledted, and paid tan their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, in the fame maara and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under far penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in the ad madeh the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, mealed  An all far taking away the court ef wards and liveries, ?•

uCar.s. c. *4. tsures in capke, and by knightsftrvice, and  , and far  jair\

a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof: And alfo in and by welt; ad made in the twclfthyearof the reign of the (aidlate King the Second, intitule^ A grant of certain  iter,

ssCar. * c. * j.  liquors, far the inertaft of bis Maye/hes revaue £*rir.t

sj ar.».c.n  ‘bislife:And alfo in and by anothw ad made in the fifteenth

of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intitule; An additional all for the better ordering and eoUelling the duty -• rife, and preventing the ahutherein, or by any other law in fw relating to the faid revenue pf excife; and that the aforelaid so. and every article, rule, and daufe therein mentioned, as ford concerning only the rates, duties, and impofitions upon ber ale, and othw liquors by this ad granted, (hall be of full and effed to all intents and purpoTes, in like manner as if ■:< lame were at large and particularly recited and fet down in A body of this ad.

Commiflionen Xll. And be it forthw enaded by the authority aforda of excife and That the commiflionws and governors for management and t cuftoms to  ceipt of the excife, and commiflioners and other officers cfd

tinsMrt  cu^om‘ refpedively, at the head office in Londen, for the:*

p being, (hall feparate and keep apart all andcvwy the me

6g4.] Aflno qiilnto & facto Guxielmi & Marine, c.20;  289

ifing by the feveraj rates and duties by this granted, as the fame tall from time to time arife, or be paid into the (aid office of :cife, or unto the receiver general of the cuftoms for the time sing refpedtively, by the receivers or collectors of the fame, or / any other penon whatfoever; and the comptroller of the ex-fe, and the comptroller of the cuftoms for the time being, or eir refpedtive deputies, (hall keep a perfect and diftindt ac->unt, in books fairly written, of all the rates and duties ari-ig bv this adt, to which all perfons (hall have free accefs, at fealonable times, without fee or charge: and the faid com- and pay the iflioners and governors of excife, and the faid commiflioners money weekly the cuftoms for the time being, are hereby required and mtotheEx-idlly enjoined from time to time to pay weekly, videlicet, on c c(jucr*

\ednefday in every week, if it be not a holiday; and if it be, en the next day after that is not a holiday, all and every the )nies arifing by the rates and duties hereby granted, into the reipt of their Majefties Exchequer, diftindt and apart from the aer monies, which the faid commiflioners and governors ref-ftively (hall receive for the ufe of their Majefties, their heirs d fucceflors.

XIII.  And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid, where it is to iat there (hall be provided and kept in their Majefties Exche- bcregi^rcd. rr, that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of the receipt, one

ok, in which all the faid weekly monies, which (hall be paid

0  the Exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be entred apart and diftindt >m all other monies paid and payable to their Majefties, their irs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever.

XIV.  And be it further enadted. That if the faid commiflion-and governors refpedtively for the time being, (hall refufe or

gledi to pay into the Exchequer all or any the faid weekly ns appointed to be paid as aforesaid, in such manner as they : before by this adt required to do, or (hall divert or mifapply Penalty up-y part of the fame, or if such comptroller (hall negledt his du- ?n commif. in keeping such accounts as aforesaid, then he or they for fooertofltnd-f such offence (hall forfeit their refpedtive offices or places,

1  be incapable of any office or place of trull whatfoever; and h commiffioner or commiflioners in such cafe offending (hall liable to pay the full value of any fum or fums fo diverted or fapplied, to any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame

any adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of :ir Majefties courts of record at Wefimitifler, wherein no ef-n, protedlion, wager of law, privilege or parliament, or other vilege, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or al-/ed.

KV. Provided always, and be it enadled, That it (hall and TheKin*may y be lawful to and for their Majefties, their heirs and fuccef- order officer*

5, out of the faid duties arifing by the tunnage of (hips and falaries.&c.oiit Tels, to caufe such fum and fums of money to be expended of th« duties.

1 paid from time to time for falaries, or other incident char-, as (hall be neceflary in and for the receiving, collecting, le-ng, or managing of the ftime duties upon die tunnage of

fojL. IX.. - u  (hips

ItOyOOol. tO be a yearly fund.

290 Anno qqinto & fexto Guliblmi & Marls, c.20. [169^

(hips and veflels, during the laid term herein by this aft mated 1 anything in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

»  XVI.  And  be  it further enafted by the authority aforehid,

be continued* That ^ office of excife, which is now eftablilhed withia in London. the city of London, (hall be continued and be within the tad city, or ten miles thereof, for ever, and a fufficient number of commilfioners therein, from time to time, (hall be continued or appointed by their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, to govern and manage the receipt of excife, and to perforo 2ad execute* the feveral matters and things hereby enjoined to be done and executed byfuch commilfioners; and that in like manner there (hall be continued and be within the faid city, or ten miles thereof, for ever, by the appointment of their Majefcts, their heirs and fucceflors, a comptroller of excife to keep the accounts before mentioned.

XVII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aiot&vl, That yearly and every year, reckoning the first year to begk from the firlt day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and four, the full fum of one he> dred and forty thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to rk by the faid feveral duties upon the tunnage of (hips and ve£>, and by the faid rates and duties of excife hereby granted, or 2* of them, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exd:fv by weekly payments as aforesaid, (in cafe the faid weekly p*v. | ments (hall extend thereunto) (hall be the whole and "ear: yearly fund; and in cafe the faid weekly payments IhaU ux amount to one hundred and forty thousand pounds pa then the laid weekly monies or payments, fo far as the fans extend, (hall be part of the yearly fund for and towards tht e-fwering and paying off the feveral and refpeftive annuities hm? after mentioned, and for other the purposes hereafter in this 21 The reft of the exprefled; and in cafe the faid duties upon the tannage of Hup and veflels, and the faid rates and duties of excife by this ad granted, or any of them, (hall at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that srithir. any one year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, the weekly paying upon the fame rates or duties, or any of them, (hall not am to fo much as one hundred and forty thousand pounds, or tc i much as (hall be fufficient to difehargeand fatisfy the faid foci «nd refpeftive annuities, and other benefits or advantages by 2? aft appointed or intended to be paid, within or for the ant year refpeftively, that then and fo often, and in every such c*, the commilfioners of their Majefties treafury, and the ua:r treafurer, of the Exchequer now being, and the treasurer and der treafurer of the Exchequer, or commilfioners of the treafur, / the time being, are hereby ftraitly enjoined and required b\ -.r tue of this aft, and without any further or other warrant :: . fued for, had, or obtained from their Majefties, their !vi or fucceflbrs in this behalf, to caufe every such deficiency made good, by applying, iffuing, or paying fo much of r; tyeafure or revenue, belonging or to belong to their Alaje^

tk:

revenue charged, if tbefc duties fall lhort.

i4>94-] Anno qiunto & facto Gulielmi & Marije. c.20,  293

Thereof as (hall be paid and advanced as aforefaid9 unto the re- * year'* no-<pe6Uve fubferibers and contributors of the faid fum of twelveticc* .and ^or" hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid fum of fifteen hun- £?afcUon ° dred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as (hall be paid and 7 Anna?, c, 7* advanced, their heirs, fucceflors, or afiigns, and of all the ar- f. $• rears of the faid yearly payments of one hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid yearly payments of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, or such proportionable part thereof according to the fum which (hall be paid and advanced as aforesaid, then and from thenceforward the faid yearly payments, and every of them, of one hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid yearly payments of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, or such proportion-able part as aforesaid, and every part thereof, and the laid corporation, (hall abfolutely ceafe and determine $ any thing herein contained in any wife to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.  And for the better and more fpeedy payment of the Officers of the faid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid Exchequer re-yearly fum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, in the c*u,red to proportions herein before mentioned and appointed, the com-mi(fioners of their Majefties treafury, and the under treafurer of

the Exchequer now being, and the lord high treafurer, and un-  t

der treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby ftriftly enjoined and required by virtue of this alt, and without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained from their Majefties, their heirs or fucceflors, to dire# their warrants yearly for the payment of the faid yearly films of one hundred thousand pounds, to the contributors of the faid fum of twelve hundred thousand pounds, in the manner and proportions as is herein before directed and appointed; and the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer, and all other officers of the Exchequer now and for the time being, are hereby direded and enjoined to ifliie the faid monies fo fet apart for the ufes before mentioned, from time to time, without any fee or reward, in the manner and proportions before mentioned, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are hereafter jnflided upon any officer for diverting any money appropriated or applied by this ad.  1

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the None to fub-authority aforesaid, That no perfon or perfons, bodies politick fcribe more or corporate, (hall by themfelves, or any other perfon or per-than *°»00°h. fons in truft for him or them, fubferibe or caufe to be fubferibed,

for and towards the raifing and paying the faid fum of twelve

hundred thousand pounds, any fum or fums of money, exceed- One fourth

ing the (um of twenty thousand pounds ; and that every such part tobe paid

fubferiber (hall, at the time of such fubfeription, pay or caufe a^eth* .t*m.c of

to be paid unto the commiffioners who (hall be authorized ^ cnPT

and appointed for taking and receiving fubferiptions as aforesaid,

one full fourth part of his, her, or their refpedive fubferiptions,

and in default of such payments as aforesaid, every such fub- jfthcrefidue

feription (hall be utterly void and null: and that the refidue of be not paid

the faid fqhftriptipns (hall be paid into the receipt of their Maje- before janu-

y 3

£92 Anno qmnto& fextdGtJLifcLMi & Marias, c.20.

ccipt of Exchequer, to the ufes and advantages of such fubfcribers and contributors, their heirs, fucceflors, or affigns, as (fall fubfcribe and contribute for and towards the railing and papa5 into the receipt of Exchequer the faid fum of twphre hnndmf thousand pounds, part of the faid fum of fifteen hundred tfcou-fand pounds.

King may an- XX. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and msj he point rules for lawful to and for their Majefties, by letters patents underlie transferring, great feal of England* to limit, direct, and appoint, bowaa/fe what manner and proportions, and under what rules and directions, the faid fum of twelve hundred thousand pounds, pat of the faid fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, and the fcd yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds, part of tkujd yearly fum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, 2ad ewr?

' or any part or proportion thereof, may be afiignable or transferable, affigned or transferred, to such perfon or periods only, as ^dtijake the (hall freely and voluntarily accept of the fame, and notmber-cwTOrationbv w^c > an® to incorporate all and everv such fubfcribers and c«-name of the y tributors, their heirs, fucceflors, or aftiens, to be one body ccr-bank, See. porate, and politick, by the name of the governor andcmfsoj if the bank ef England, and, by the fam£name of the gnenar ai company of the bank of England, to have perpetual fucceffioo, aod a common feal, and that they and their fucceflors, by the rase aforesaid, fhall be able and capable in law to have, purchafe, receive, poflefs, enjoy, and retain to them and their fbccdbn, lands, rents, tenements, and hereditaments, of what kind, future, or quality foever; and alfo to fell, grant, demife, alics, or difpofe of the fame, and by the fame name to fue and impfed, and be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in am of record, or any other place whatfoever, and to do and execs: all and lingular other matters and things by the name aforc&d,

% . that to them (hall or may appertain to do $ fubjeft nevertbddi to Sub|eft to rc- the provifo and condition of redemption herein after mentioned, dempudn. XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That Proportion- in cafe the whole fum of twelve hundred thousand pounds, pit able part of of the faid fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, (hallnot be th!*?Lur advanced and paid into the receipt of Exchequer before the firi advanced?  day of January, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one theu-

fand fix hundred ninety four, that then the fubfcribers and contributors for and towards the railing and paying of the faid far. of twelve hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, their heirs, fucceflors and & figns, (hall only have and receive fo much, and such pan and proportion to the Ibid fum and fums fo refpedtively paid and advanced, as (hall be after the rate of eight pounds per centum fo annum; and that at any time upon twelve months notice, afe the firil day of Augujl, which (hall be in the year of our Lord ok Thetioo oool. t*loufan^ ^cvcri hundred and five, upon repayment by parlia-redeemableaf* ment, of the faid fum of twelve hundred thousand pounds, pan ter >705, opon of the faid fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, or such pit

thereof

1694*1 Anno quinto 8cfexto Gulielmi & Maria, c.20. 295

fum, unlcfs it be by adk of parliament upon funds agreed in par-Lament 5 and in fnch cafe only such further fums as (hall be fo if 30!5 directed and allowed to be borrowed by parliament, and for fnch if corporation time only, until they (hall be repaid such further (urns as they borrow more, (hall borrow by such authority: and if any more, or further or other fum or (urns of money (hall be borrowed, taken up, lent, tion™ or advanced, under their common feal, or for payment of which bly charged, any bond, bill, covenant or agreement, or other writing (hall be made, fcaled or given, under ate common feal of the faid corporation fo to be made 3 then and in such cafe all and every penon and perlbnswho (hall be a member or members of the faid corporation, his and their refpedtive heirs, executors, and adminidra-tors, (hall in his and their refpedHve private and pcrfonal capacities be chargeable with, and liable in proportion to their feve-ral (hares or fubfcriptions to the repayment of such monies which An of (hall be fo borrowed, taken up or lent, with intend for the fame, debt dull lie in such manner as if such fecurity had been a fecurity for pay- payment of fo much money, and intend for the fame, fealea by cu“r mcmber* fiich refpeCtive member or members of the (aid corporation, and delivered by him or them as their refoeltive alts and deeds, in proportion to their feveral (hares or fubfcriptions as afbrefeid ; and that in every such cafe an altion of debt (hall and may be brought, commenced, profecuted and maintained in any of their Majedks courts of record at  Wefiminfltr, by the refpeCtive credi-

tor or creditors, to whom any such fecurity under the common feal of the (aid corporation (hall be made, or his or their refpec-tive executors or adminidrators, againd all and every, or any one or more of the perfoos who (hall be members of the faid coroo-ration, or any of their refpe&ive heirs, executors or adminidrators, in proportion to their refpeCtive (hares or fubfcriptions as at'irefaid, and therein recover and have judgment for him or them, in such and the like manner, as if such fecurity were re-fpeCtively fealed by the refpeCtive perfon or perfons who (hall be fo died, or his or their refpeCtive ancedor, or tedator, or intef-tate, and by him and them executedand delivered, as his or their refpeCtive alls and deeds 5 any condition, covenant, or agree- ^ ment, to be made to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-danding: and if any condition, covenant, or agreement (hall be made to the contrary, the fame (hall be, and is hereby declared Capr~-Lnll to to be void; any thing herein contained, or any law or ufage to contrary the contrary notwithdanding 3 and in such aCtion or aCkions fo to void, be brought, no privilege, protection, efloin, or wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXVII. And to the intent that their Majedies fubjeCts may corporation not be opprefled by the faid corporation, by their monopolizing not to trade or ingroding any fort of goods, wares or merchandizes, be it with their further declared and enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That the ®oe*t faid corporation to be made and created by this aft, (hall not at anytime, during the continuance thereof, deal or trade, or permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons whatsoever either in trud or for the benefit of the feme, to deal or trade with any of the dock,

U 4  monies

291- Anno quinto & facto GuLiELMi & Maria, c.20. [1694,

fe^cnp- fties Exchequer, as their Majefties (hall dired, before the laid first tioo forfeited, Qf January ncxt • and in default of such payments, that then the fourth part, first paid as aforesaid, (hall be forfeited to and . for the benefit of their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs.

Not more than  XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That it (hall not

io,oool. to be be lawful to or for any perfon or perfon*, natives or foreigners, fubferibed by bodies corporate or politick, at any time or times before the first day or Jufy next enfuing, to fubferibe in his, her, or their own name or names, or in any other name or names in traft for him, her, or them, for ancHowards the raifing and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer, the faid fum of twelve hundred thou-fand pounds, part of the faid fum of fifteen hundred thoufind pounds, any fum or fums, exceeding in the whole the fiimof ten thousand pounds; anything in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Not to be a XXV. Provided always, and be it declared and ena&edtobe corporation * the true intent and meaning of this ad. That in cafe the wbok except a moie- fum 0f twelve hundred thousand pounds, or a moiety thereof, c«i before!Au- not fubforibed on or before the first day of  one

goft.  thousand  fix hundred ninety four as aforesaid, that then tbe

^ powers and authorities in tnis ad for ereding a corporation a ” aforefaid (hall ceafe and determine; any thing herein contains! Subscribers to the contrary notwithftanding. And in fuen cafe fo mocha vly t-in,fcr' the faid yearly fiimof one hunched thousand pounds as ftnllbc-adJancocf. n0t l°ng to the laid fubferibers, according to the meaning of tb ad, (hall be transferable, and may be from time to time tran-ferred by the refpedive perfons fo fubferibing, advancing snJ paying any part of the (aid twelve hundred thousand pounds k-to the Exchequer, or their refpedive heirs, fucceflbrs or aligns, to any perfon or perions whatfoever, by any writing or writing! under the hand and feal of the perfon or perfons transferring tk fame, attefked by two or more credible witnefies, and enrred within twenty days after the fealine thereof, in a book or books to be for that purpose kept in the feid Exchequer by thdr Majefties remembrancer for the time being (for the entring whereof nothing (hall be paid) which entries the faid remembrancer a Proportion, from time to time upon requeft direded' to make; and loch able part for part cf the faid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds, as Esthan^oie- ^ ^IS a<^ be uue to l^e fubferibers, (hall not at 22J * time or times hereafter be made ufe of, or be a fund or fecury ' for, or liable or applied to raife, pay or fecure any more, further or other fum or fums of money whatfoever, fave only fc:l money as (hall in purfuance of, and according to the inten: this ad, be advanced and paid into their Majefties Exetc^r within the time by this ad limited for the fame.

Corporation XXVI. And it is hereby enaded by the authority afbrefrd ®<* to borrow that the faid corporation fo to be made, (hall not borrow or c^’ 1100 oool. Security bv bill, bond, covenant or agreement under their coo-except upon mon feal for anymore, further or other fum or fums of money, c-parliament  ceeding in thewhole the fum of twelve hundred thousand pounc*.

funds. fo that they (hall not owe at any one time more than the vl*

fun.

1694O Anno qttinto & fexto Gulielmi & Mari.*. c. 20.  297"

and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall for every fucb offence forfeit treble the value of every such fum or Aims of money fo lent, whereof one fifth part (nail be to the informer, to be recovered in any of their Majefties courts of record at Weft-minfter, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no protedtion, wager of law, efioin, privilege of parliament, or other privilege (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance ; and the refidue to be difpofed of towards publick ufes, as (hall be diredted by parliament, and not otherwife.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That all amer- Pines upon the ciaments, fines, and i(Tues, againft the feid corporation, and their corporation fuccellbrs, had, charged, or eftreated, in or upon account of any

fuits or adtions to be proiecuted or brought againft them, (hall {^<1. MB not be pardoned, acquitted, or difchargedby any letters of fignet, privy feal, or great leal of their Majefties, their heirs or fucccflors, or otherwife nowfoever; and in cafe any such amerciaments, .  .

fines, or ifliies, (hall be eftreated into their Majefties Exchequer againft the faid corporation, upon any procefs for non-appearance at the fuit of any perlbn or perfons, that then it (hall and may be lawful to ana for the officers of their Majefties Exchequer for the time being, who are hereby diredted to pay the faid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds to the faid corporation, to detain fo much money as the (aid amerciaments, fines, or ifliies (hall amount unto, out of the (aid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds payable to the faid corporation.

XXXII.  And be it further enadted. That if at any time here- Exchequer of-

after any perfon or perfons (hall obtain any judgment or judg-  *na)r Pa7

ments in any court of law againft the faid corporation for any

debt or fum of money, and (hall bring execution or executions corporation,

thereupon unto the faid officers of their Majefties Exchequer, that

then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid officers of the

faid Exchequer, to pay, and they are hereby required to pay, the

(aid fum or fums ot money, in tnefaid executions mentioned, to

the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein named, or their afiigns, whofe

receipt (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the fame; and that the

(aid officers of the faid Exchequer mall and may detain fo much

of the faid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds as the

(aid debt or debts (hall amount unto.

XXXIII.  And whereas by an aft of this prejent feffton of parlia- Members of menty intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates parliament and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale and other liquors, for fecur- mayJ^ cotlJr mg certain recmpences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to corporation^ fucb perfons as Jball voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thou- 5W.&M. find pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it is enaft- c.7.

edy That no member of the houfe of commons jhall at any time be concerned in the farmings collefting, or managing any fum or fums of mo -ney> duties or other aids by the faid aft or any other aft of parliament granted or to be granted to their Majefties, except the perfons in the faid aft excepted; and whereas form doubts may arife% whether any member or members of parliament may he concerned in the corporation U be erefted in purfuance of this aftbe it therefore declared am)

Cnafted

296 Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Mabu. mo. [1694.

monies oreffeds of or any waysbelonging to the&id corporation, in the buyingor felling of any goods, wares, or merchandizes wha. Penalty.  foever; and eveyy perfon or peribns, who Audi fo deal or trade,or

by whose order or directions such dealing or trading (hall be made, profecuted, or managed, (hall forfeit ror every such dealing or 'trading, and every such order and directions, treble the value a the goods and merchandize fo traded for, to fetch perfon or per. fons who (hall fue for the fame by aCtion of debt, bill, plant, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record a Wefiminjler^ wherein no efloin, protection, nor other pciig? whatfoever, nor any injunction, order of reftraint, nor wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

I« what things * XXVIIL Provided, That nothing herein contained (Mar the corpora- yr3y8 be con (trued to hinder the faid corporation from doS^i turn may d . bj]j$ 0f exchange, or in buying or felling bullion, gdd, or Ah ver, or in felling any goods, wares, or merchandize whilbever, which (hall really anabonafidt be left or depofited with they corporation for money lent and advanced thereon, and which (hall not be redeemed at the time agreed on, or within three months after, or from felling such goods as (hall or am be the produce of lands purchafed by the faid corporation.

Bills of the  XXIX.. Provided always, and be it enafted by the auihomy

corporation aforefaidy That all and every bill or bills obligatory and of ae-affipuble. dit under the fpal of the faid corporation made or given to nr perfon or perfons, (hall ^nd rnay, by indorfement therconneto the hand of such perfon or perfons, be aflignable and affigod: any perfon or perlons who (hall voluntarily accept the kmc, ai fo by such affignee, toties queries, by indorfement thotupca; and that such alignment and alignments, fo to be made, id absolutely veft and transfer the right and property in and m such bill or bills obligatory and of credit, and the modes ox upon the fame; and that tne aflignee or aflignees fhail and mn fue for, and maintain an aCtion thereupon in his own name. Penalty for XXX- Provided always, and it is hereby further ena^ed, lending mo- That if the governor, deputy governor, the directors, tm ney upon gers, afliftants, or other members of the faid corporation fa tund>nothav-be eftabliflied, (hall upon the account of the faid corporetiq credit* Ut at any t*me or ^mcs purchafe any lands or revenues Word r  to the crown, or advance or lend to their Majefties, their bed

. or fucceflbrs, any fum or fums of money, by way of loan oral ticipation, on any part or parts, branch or branches, furU funds of the revenues now granted or belonging, or hercafr^ry be granted or belonging to their Majefties, their heirs or fid fors, other than such fund or funds, part or parts, branch J branches of the faid revenues only, on which a credit often or (hall be granted by parliament; that then the faid goveroa deputy governor, directors, managers, or afliftants, or da members of the faid corporation, who (hall confent, agree i or approve of, the advancing or lending to their Majefties, fW heirs or fucceffors, such fum or fums of money asaforefaiid pach and every of them fo agreeing, contenting, or approving

94.] Anno qtiinto 8c fexto Golielmi 8c MarIj®. c. 20.  297'

id being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall for every fucb office forfeit treble the value of every such fum or fums of mo-y fo lent, whereof one fifth part mail be to the informer, to t recovered in any of their Majefties courts of record at fVefl-nfler, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, where-no protection, wager of law, efioin, privilege of parliament, other privilege (hall be allowed, nor any more than one im-rJance; and the reiidue to be difpofea of towards publick ;s, as (hall be directed by parliament, and not otherwife.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it enaCted, That all amer- Pines upon the ments, fines, and iflues, againft the faid corporation, and their corporation rceffors, had, changed, or eftreated, in or upon account of any d«t*jncd

ts or actions to be profecuted or brought againft them, (hall find. ^ t be pardoned, acquitted, or difeharged by any letters of fignet, vy feal, or great feal of their Majefties, their heirs or fucccflors, otherwife nowfoever; and in cafe any such amerciaments, es, or iflues, (hall be eftreated into their Majefties Exchequer ainft the faid corporation, upon any procefs for non-appear-ce at the fuit of any perfon orperfons, that then it (hall and ty be lawful to and for the officers of their Majefties Exche-r for the time being, who are hereby directed to pay the faid arly fum of one hundred thousand pounds to the faidf corpora->n, to detain fo much money as the faid amerciaments, fines,, iflues (hall amount unto, out of the (aid yearly fum of one indred thousand pounds payable to the faid corporation.

XXXII.  And be it further enaCted, That if at any time here- Exchequer of-

er any perfon or perfons (hall obtain any judgment or judg-  pay

ents in any court of taw againft the faid corporation for any aeamtt^ent# bt or fum of money, and (hall bring execution or executions corporation, ereupon unto die faid officers of their Majefties Exchequer, that

en it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid officers of the d Exchequer, to pay, and they are hereby required to pay, the d fum or fums ot money, in the faid executions mentioned, to z plaintiff or plaintiffs therein named, or their afiigns, whose :eipt (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the fame; and that the d officers of the faid Exchequer (hall and may detain fo much the faid yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds as the d debt or debts (ball amount unto.

XXXIII.  And whereas by an aft of this prefent faffton ofparlia- Members of *nt, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates parliament d duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale and other liquors, for fecur- raay *f-conh’

Z certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to orarionf ch perfons as /ball voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thou-  w.&M.

ndpounds towards carrying on the war againjl France, it is enaftc.7.

, That no member of the houfe of commons Jhall at any time be conned in the farming, collecting, or managing any fum or fums of mo~ y, duties or other aids by the faid aft or any other aft of parliament anted or to be granted to tbeir Majefties, except the perfons in the id aft excepted j and whereas fame doubts may arife, whether any mber or members of parliament may he concerned in the corporation be erefted in purfuance of thif aft; be it therefore declared and

enafted

Any perfons may contribute towards

the railing 100,000!. and

ftockpurfiumt to 6 Geo, i. C.4.

29S Anno quinto & facto Gulxelmi & MaRia. c.20. [16^

enadcd by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be fa* ful to ana for any member or members of the houfe of commons, to be a member or members of the faid corporate* foi the purposes in this a<ft mentioned ; any thing in the hid recited contained to the contrary in any wife nctwitMaadkf

XXXIV.  And be it further enaaed by the authority aforriof, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfons, natives or a-reigners, to contribute towards the advancing of the ten of

___________three hundred thou (and pounds, other part oftthe laid km

Ttcare jeuiy fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by paying into the itoift of fams for their Majefties Exchequer, at any time before the nine andtra-*»*»or j lives, ticth day of September, one thoufend fix hundred ninety ad four, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the shoe Mtfi *f theft the firm of three hundred thousand pounds, upon the terms ai-mtuHttvjtrt jowjng ^that is to fey) That every such perfon, hit executors, South Sea*** adminiftrators or afiigns, out of the rates and duties granted by this ad, (hall have and receive for every fum of ok hundred pounds, fo by them refpe&ively advanced and paid, foch yearly annuity, rent or payment, as herein after is dhtded (that to fey) That if such contributor (hall advance and pay his money upon one life only, then he (hall have arid recast a yearly annuity, rent or payment of fourteen pounds of lawM E^ist money, for every hundred pounds, and fb proportionally tor 1 greater fum, for and during the life of such perfon fb arhmdag and paying the fame, or during any other life to be nominal by the perfon advancing or paying any such fum j and in ct any contributor (hall think fit upon payment of his money, a have an annuity for two lives, then he (hall have an yearly*-nuhy, rent or payment of twelve pounds of lawful Ex&Ejh a» ney for every one hundred pounds, and fo proportianabiyttri greater fum advanced, for and during two lives, and the life or the furvivor of them, to be nominated as aforefaid; andinai such contributor (hall think fit, upon payment of his money, n have an annuity for three lives, then be fhall have ad receive a yearly annuity, rent or payment of ten pounds of Intel £s-ghjb money for every hundred pounds fb by. him advanced ud paid, or after that rate, for and during the term of three Ere, find the life of the furvivor of them, to be nominated by tee perfon or perfons fb paying the feme as aforefaid; that aS ca every the laid lives (hall be named by the feveral contributors, their executors, or adminiftrators, or such as fhall be employ^ by them to pay in the faid firms, within thirty days after 4e ntne and twentieth day of  ,  one thouland fix hunts

ninety and four; which yearly annuities, rents, or payments, ftt farther fhall commence from the bid nine and twentieth day of Sepu%-premfitn nlat- £/r, and (hall be paid and payable quarterly, at the four sax

peg beret*, f Sc to W. j, S' >3*- c J*

ufual feafts of the year (that is to fey) The feaft of the natbri of our Lord Chrift, the feaft of the annunciation of the bkai Virgin  Mary,the feaft  of the nativity of St, John baptift, &

the feaft of St. Mubael the archangel, by even and equal portions ; and every perfon, on payment of any such fum or firms * '  tferr-

Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Marije. c.20.  299

?(aid, (hall immediately have one or more tally or tallies im-ing the receipt of the conlideration money, and orders for payment of the (aid annuities, bearing the fame date with Tallies to be tally j the faid tallies to be levied, and the faid orders to be Icv,ed.

?d, in the fame manner as in and by an alt of this prefent

iament, intituled. An at1 for granting to their Majejlies certain 5W.it M.

r and duties of excifo upon beer, akj and other liquors, for fe- c* *•

tg certain recompences and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned,

ch perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Jum of ten hundred

(and pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, is men-

ed and directed touching tallies and orders to be given to the

ributors for annuities upon the faid ad; and the faid orders

to be determinable, revocable or countermandable, as touch- Orders tranf-

the afore mentioned orders in the faid recited aft is enafted, fcrrable.

ch faid orders lhall be affignable and transferable in such and

fame manner as is mentioned in the faid recited aft touch-

orders given to the contributors m the faid aft mentioned ; Duties appro-

all the rates and duties by this aft granted, or fo much there- priated to the

s are and (hall be fufficient for the purposes aforesaid, are and payment.

1 be appropriated to and for the payment of the faid annui-of inheritance, and annuities for lives, after the fevcral and eftive rates aforesaid, according to the true intent and mean~ of this aft, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any cr ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever, under the like penal-, forfeitures, and dilabilities, in refpeft to all and every the cers and other perfons in the recited aft mentioned, as are in (aid aft appointed and enafted in cafe of diverting or mifap- penalty upon ng any part of the monies which ought to be paid to the perfonorot-tributors upon the faid aft; and the faia penalties and forfeit-s (hallbe fued for, profecuted, recovered and paid, in such man- p yulg' and form, as the penalties in the faid recited aft are appointed >e fued for, profecuted, recovered* and paid ; in which fuit protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wa-of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and Regifterto be faid officers are hereby required to keep books and regifters, £ept ot contri-i make entries of the names of all perfons who (hall advance ' monies before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, aforesaid, and of the feveral fums fo advanced, and the times paying in the fame refpeftively, and the names of such per-s for whofc lives the feveral annuities or yearly payments are be payable, without fee or reward, in such manner as in the 1 recited aft is mentioned, to which books all perfons conned lhall have accefs, as in the faid aft alfo is directed ; all Penalty, ich the faid officers are to do and perform, under the like pe-ties, and forfeitures and difabilities, as in the faid recited are mentioned; and every perfon who (hall fo advance and f any such fum, as aforesaid, before the faid nine and twen-th day of September, as aforesaid, (hall receive, out of the mo- Intereft at p granted by this aft, for all money fo advanced by him and ce!J** id, from the refpeftive days of payment, unto the faid nine

and p

302, Anna quinta & fexto Gulielmi & Marls. c.20. £1694.

^ P^cenfc XL. And it is hereby enaded, That all and every fum and avowed upon fums 0f money, fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as afore-laid, together with intereft for the fame not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, to be paid every three months, until fatisfadion of the principal, (hall be payable and fatisfied unto the refpedive lender or lenders of the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns, out of the monies which (hall afterward arife and be brought into the Exchequer by or for contributions upon this If tbe duties ad, *0 far as the lame will extend ; and in cafe the money fo a-fall ftiort, next riling by this ad. (hall not be fufficient for the paying thereof, fobfidy given then the faid loans, which (hall remain unfatisfied, with the in-c?araedamCnt tere^ f°r the fame, lhall be repaid out of the next aids or fup-™ * plies to be granted to their Majefties in parliament, and (hall The reft of be transferred and transferrable thereunto, as foon as any such charraT,11!? ^ or Supply (hall be granted to their Majefties; and if no such parliament aids or fupplies lhall be granted to their Majefties before the fe-give no fab- cond day of February, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, ndy before % then the laid fum and fums of money, fo to be borrowed, not rebruaiy. exceeding as aforesaid, and tbe intereft thereof, lhall be payable and be paid and fatisfied to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affighs refpedively, by and out of any their Majefties treafure, which from menceforth (hall come into, be, or remain in the receipt of their Majefties Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular ufes oy any ad or ads of parliament before this time made.

1,000,0001.  ^ XLI. And whereas by an aft of this prefent fejfton of parliament,

formerlyap- intituled, An ad for granting to their Majefties an aid of four the1navy and  *n  pound for one year, for carrying on a vigorous

ordnance. war againft France, the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds, in-5 & 6 W.&M. eluding therein the fum of four hundred thousand pounds already bor-c. 1.  rowed for the ufe of the navy, is by the faid aft appropriated for the

feruices of the navy and ordnance, as part of the fupplies granted this fefjion for the payment of wages, for fervices done and to be done, and fir the paying for vifinals fupplied and to be fupplied for the faid navy, and for and towards the paying for other necejfary provtfam and Jlores fupplied and to be fupplied, and for the ordnance for tbe faid navy royals and for the wages of the yards, and other fervices 1,500,0001. 0r crginary fa fed tiavy: now to the intent the whole ilwe ufe. C 1 um, granted this prefent fefiion of parliament for the ufes a-forefaid, may be thereunto appropriated, it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out of the money that 5 & 6 W.&M. hath or lhall be levied by virtue of this ad, or of another aft *’• 7*  of this prefent felfion of parliament, intituled. An afi for grant-

ing to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for feaering certain recompences and advantages in the faid afi mentioned, to such perfons as /ball voluntarily advance tbe Jum often hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on tbe war againft France, or of any other ad of this prefent

fe{Eon

4.]. Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Marias, c.20.  301

im or them made (which proof he and they is and are here-uthorized and required to take in a fummary way) it doth 1 probable, to him or them, that the hid nominee is living ich certificate is to be given, and examination made, without >r charge) the faid certificate, being filed as aforesaid, fhall fufficient warrant for making the laid payment to the re-tive contributors or advancers, their executors, adminiftra-, or ailigns ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall receive one PuniJhment lore payments upon his, her, or their annuity or annuities, for receiving my time beyond the death of his, her, or their nominee or aftc5 ?om^ inees, when the fame ought to ceafe, such perfon or perfons ncc # dCatb* forfeit treble the value of the monies fo by him, her or n received j the one half thereof to their Majefties, their s and fucceflbrs, and the other half to him or them who will ror the fame by adtion, fuit, bill, or information, in which :flbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXVIII.  And it is hereby further enadted by the authori- if tbc w|,0|e orefaid. That in cafe the wnole fum of twelve hundred thou- fum be not pounds fhall not be fubfcribed and paid into the Exchequer^ fuhfcribed.the

'orefaid, that then fo much of the faid yearly fum of one hun-thousand pounds, hereby intended to anfwer the recompence  ^

he fame, as by such deficiency fhall by this adt be undifpof- nuities.

!hall and may be and is hereby applied and appropriated (fo as the fame will amount) to pay to any perfon and perfons (hall advance and pay any fum or fums of money into the iequer% on or before the first day of February, which (ball be le year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and , on account to have an annuity or annuities for one, two, iree lives, such refpedtive fum and fums for such refpedtive >r lives, according to such rates and proportions, and for time, and under such rules and directions, as are herein be-contained, with relation to such as fhall advance and pay faid three hundred thousand pounds.

XXIX.  And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That If 1,500,0001, e whole fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds be not ad- be not raifcd :ed and paid into the Exchequer^ upon this adt, before the firft

of October, one thousand fix hundred nipety four, that then it deficiency to and may be lawful for their Majefties, or their officers in be fupplied by -eceipt of their Majefties Exchequer by their command and loaa. lintmerit, tp borrow and take into the faid receipt for their efties ufe, by way of loan, any fum or fums of money,.

:h together with the whole value or amount of all the fums loney, which fhall before the faid first day of Oftober, be conned or advanced, as aforesaid, fhall not exceed the fum or s of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, which fum or fums iken up by way of loan, fhall and may be charged upon the it of their Majefties Exchequer in general, and tallies of i, and orders of repayment of the fame, (hall be levied and m accordingly, which faid orders fhall be affignable and sferrable from one perfon to anothor.

XL* And

3°+

Provifion, for fpeedy payment out of the Exchequer.

iW.SeM.Ci c. i.

Alamodes, dec. to be marked and fealed by the cuftom houfe olfcer*.

Penalty.

AnnOquinto&fcxtoGuLiELMifcNfARi^E. c.20* [1694*

paying the wages of the yards, and other ordinary fervices of the faid navy.

XLIV. And that the fums by this aft appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other purpose than is hereby declared and intended, be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the rules and directions appointed and enafted in one aft made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled. An • aCt for a grant to their Majeflies of an aid of two JbiUings in the pound for dne year, for the fpeedy payment of money thereby granted into the receipt of the Exchequer, by the colleftors and receivers, and for diftribution and application thereof, and keeping diftinft accounts of the fame, and all other provifoes, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, thereby enafted in cafe of diversion of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enafted to be in force, and (hall be praftifed, applied, executed, and put in ure for and concerning the diftribution and application of the faid Turns hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the fame were here particularly repeated and re-enafted.

XLV. And whereas there is latelyJet up in this kingdom a very profitable manufacture of Jilk fluffs called luftrings and aia-modes, never before made in this realm, for the which great fums of money of the nation were heretofore exported into France; and to the intent that no difeouragement may be given to fo ufeful a trade, wherein many hundred of their Majefties fubjefts are employed, by' preventing all frauds and deceits to the revenue of their Majefties cuftoms, by fraudulently importing such (ilks without paying legal duties for the fame ; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, that the commiftioners of their Majefties cuftoms for the time being, (hall and are hereby authorized and required from time to time, from and after the end of this fefiion of parliament, to mark and feal, or caufe to be marked and fealed, all the faid luftrings and alamodes which now are imported, and in the hands of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and alfo of all the faid (tuffs fo called which (hall be hereafter imported, and to keep an entry and regiftry thereof in the cuftom houfe in a book to be for that purpose provided ; and that all which are already imported (hall be fo marked, fealed, and regiftred within twenty days of the (aid time, for which there (hall be no fee or reward paid 5 and all such luftrings and alamodes, which (hall be hereafter imported from the time aforesaid, (hall be fo marked, fealed, and regiftred without any fee, as aforesaid, before they be delivered out of' the cuftom houfe warehoufe where they (nail be refpeftively imported and entred * and all such luftrings and alamodes, which (half be at any time after the fifteenth day of Mayy one thousand fix hundred ninety four, imported, and not fo fealed and marked (hall be forfeited, and the importers or pofleflbrs thereof fubjeft to such and the like penalties and forfeitures, as importers of French goods, by one aft made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled.

An

,4-1 Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Mariab% c.20.  303

on of parliament, by which any aids (haU be granted to their efties towards the carrying on the laid war, and which lhall aid into the Exchequer, as well upon loans as otherwife (ex-: only the money appropriated to pay the recompences in and the before recited a&) the him or fifteen hundred thou-I pounds, over and above the faid fum of ten hundred thou-I pounds in the first recited zA appropriated, lhall be and is :by appropriated for the fervices of the navy and ordnance, ormed and to be performed; and that all other money All other mo* :h lhall be levied and paid by virtue of this or any other ney unappro* of this prefent fefiion of parliament, not appropriated by or the first recited adt to the ufe of the laid navy, or to *c> the recompences in this and the other recited adt into the * ipt of the Exchequer, as well upon loans as otherwife, lhall ipplied and appropriated to and for the payment of their efties land forces and armies, ordnance, ammunition, and :r charges incident to the war, and not otherwife.

XII.  And for the more effedtual doing thereof, be it enadl- Half of this or >y the authority aforefaid. That the half of all money that any other tax, 1 or lhall be levied or paid into the receipt of the Excbe* ^^h^'ed

, by virtue of this adt, or any other adt of this prefent fef- fa** of parliament (except the faid first recited adt, and except 1,400,0001 • it is appropriated by this or the other recited adt, to pay recompences of those who have or lhall voluntarily advance lies as aforesaid, and except alfo one other adt, intituled, 5&6W.&M. aft to fupply the deficiency of the monies raifed by a former aft, c* 5*

'tiled, Ah aft for granting to their Majefiies certain rates and du-of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain mpences and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to fitch per* as jhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand , ids towards the carrying on the war againft France, lhall be ap-d to anfwer the faid fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds,

:by appropriated to the ufe of the faid navy, until, the fame 1 be paid and fatisfied.

XIII.  And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- Particular faid. That out of the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds

eby appropriated, and out of the faid fum of ten hundred *****’&c* ufand pounds in the before recited adt appropriated for the of the navy, the fum of eleven hundred fifty fix thousand e hundred ninety four pounds lhall be applied to pay the ;es to officers and feamen, and other fervices belonging, acting to the courfe of the navy, to the head of wages, permed and to be performed : and alfo to pay the officers and liers of the two marine regiments. And that the fum of dve hundred fifty seven thousand two huodred fixty and fix mds be applied for and towards the paying for victuals and :eflary provifions and ftores, and other extraordinary fervice* the navy and ordnance, fupplied and performed, or to be ^plied or performed; and that the fum of eighty five thou-d seven hundred and forty pounds be applied tor and towards

paying

304 Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi feftfA::

paying the wages of the yards, and other o* the faid navy.

XLIV. And that the fums fey this aft:

ProviGon for be diverted or applied to any* other purpofT /S .j fpeedy pay- clared and intended, be it enacted bv, ff . S^Exche- That the rules and dire&ions appointor -jr -quer. * made in the first year of their May /V* f . i W.&M.ff. *. att for a grant to their Majejties r* ~;

*• *•  pound for dne year, for the lpe'

granted into the receipt of the receivers, and for diftribur keeping diftinft accounts c' pains, penalties, and fc diverfion of any moner ved and enabled to br executed, and put» and application of amply, and effe' repeated and jr XLV. Ar

Alamode*, Veryfrofitr modes.

«0,

,7/

4

S

iOf

nre

ia

of

See. to be marked and fealed by tbe cuftom boufe oticers.

.SC

ach fuit of the /aid offence flail •  .,d incapable of ever bearing or ac

ace concerning or relating to the duty of >r office or place of trull whatfbever under f  r,  their heirs or focceffors.

t the' And it is hereby declared and enadted, That true 110 writing of the lalt gauges, made or taken by the gau-a *r , Aall he left by thpm with all brewers, makers, or retail-,/£af beer, ale, or other excitable liquor refpe&ively, or fomc Jr y their fervants, at the times of taking their faid gauges, con-l,  tiJningthe quantity and quality of the liquor fo gauged, upon

the penalty of five pounds for every offence or negledt of the sfr “faidgauger or gaugers, to be recovered by any perfon that (hall foe . v  for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of their Majelties courts of record at  , in which no  el'

foin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for granting to their Majcfties fevered duties upon vellum,  parchment, and paper, for four  years, toward? I

carrying on tbe war agasnft France.

Moji gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majellies mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons in parliament affembled, having entred into a due and ferious confederation of the extraordinary occailons which oblige your Majelties to a great and prefent expence in the neceflary defence of your realms, and being- defirous to r^ife , such aids and fupplies as may be proportionable to thefe oewa-fions, do humbly prefent your Majelties with the free gift at' the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do heCcacch your Majelties that it may be enacted:

Hw And

94-] Ann6qu}hto&fcxt6CuLi£LMi&MARi^E. C.2d.  30$

aft for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France, to be re- i W.&M.1L /ered as therein is directed ; and if any perfon or perfons *• c,134y til alter or counterfeit the mark or feal, marks or fealfc, ufed coumcdcking d to be ufed for the purposes aforesaid, the offender (hall fof- mark, t the fum of five hundred pounds to any that will fue for the ne by bill, plaint, or information, in any of their MajeftieS arts of record at IVeJlminfter, wherein no eiToin, protection, of ger of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XLVI. And whereas it is enafted in one aft of 'this prefentfeffion parliament, intituledy An aft for granting to their Majefties ail 5 k 6 W. ic of four (hillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on M. c-~ igorous war againft France, That for the better fecuring the trade  a^-

this kingdom, over and above the Jhips of war for the line of bat- minted by a and for convoys to remote parts, at the leaf four Jhips of the former a6t.

*d rate, fixteen Jhips of the fourth rate, thirteen Jhips of the fifth atid ten Jhips of the Jixtb rate, Jball be from time to time di-fed and appointed by the lord high admiral of England, or commoners for executing the faid office for the time being, to fitch proper ions as they Jhall deem meety to cruife, for fecuring the merchant >5 in their going out and returning home: Wherefore, that it may : better appear how the faid fervice is performed, wherein thfe urity of trade, and the fafety of thefe realms, Is fo much • icerned ; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the d high admiral of England, or the commiflioners for executing Certififcate td j office of lord high admiral of England, for the time being, (hail begiTentoth* J are hereby refpeftively required to exhibit to the commons ^ ambled in parliament, atthencxtfeflionofthisoranyotherpar- crSfoii* nent, which (hall happen after the first day of Auguftj one >ufand fix hundred ninety four, a certificate in writing under or their hands refpeftively, of the (hips by him or therfi peftively, fet out in purfuance of the faid recited claufe, ek«* ffing therein'the names and rates of the (hips fet out; and .* times when by him or them refpeftively ordered, as al(o : ftations to which they were direfted, and the times how ig they were continued at fea in that fervice.

XLVH. Provided always, and be it enafted by the atfthori- dfte penny aforesaid, That the officers of the receipt of their Majefties per peund at-:cheqUer (hall and may receive and take, for their fees, ode to the any in the pound, and no more, for all or any the fum or ^^uer ns of money to be iffiied or paid to any their Majefties gar-ans, or other land forces and armies, and other charges inci-nt to the fame, out of the money arifing by this or any other t and grant of this feflion, or any other femon of parliament, ring this prefent war; to be diftributed in such proportion as e lord treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury for die ne being, (hall appoint.

XLVIII. And to the end the great duties of excife, and the officers in the wers given fof the collecting and levying the fame, may not excj/e ”ot.td employed for the influencing of elections of members to oV* ■ve in parliament* which eleftions, by the cdnftitution df this members, vernment, ought to be free and uncorrupt j be it enafted by Vol. IX.  X  the

|o6  Anno quinto&farto Gulielmi & Marls. c.ii. [i6g±

the authority aforesaid, That from and after the firit day of Maj, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety

four, no collector, fuperviior, gauger, or other officer or perion whatfoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of excife, or any branch or part thereof, (hall by word, mefiage, or writing, or in any other manner whatfoever, endeavour to perfuade any ele&or to give, or diffuade any eledor from giving his vote for the choice of any perfon to be a knight of the (hire, citizen, buigefit or baron of any county, city, borough or cinque port to terve in parliament i ana every officer or other perfon offending therein, Hull

raaity. forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where such offence (hall be committed, to be recovered by any perfon that (hall fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at IVeJiminfttr, in which no efibin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed* and every perfon convift on any such fuit of the faid offence (hall thereby become di fabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place concerning or relating to the duty of . excife, or any other office or place of truft whatfoever under their Majefties, their heirs or uccefibrs.

Noteof gauge XLIX. And it is hereby declared and cnadted, That true to be delivered notes in writing of the laft gauges, made or taken by the gau-to the brewer, gers, Jhall he left by them with all brewers, makers, or retail-&c. upon jl. ers of beer, ale, or other excifeable liquor refpedively, or (bine

of their fervants, at the times of taking their faid gauges, con-

txpUtintdbyj taining the quantity and quality of the liquor fo gauged, upon & 8 W. j. c. the penalty of five pounds for every offence or negleCt of the 30. f. *y faid gauger or gaugers, to be recovered by any perfon that (hall fue

for the lame by aaion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at  in which no  ef-

foin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (nail be allowed.

An aft for granting to tbeir  duties upon

vellum,parchment, and paper, for four years, towards carrying on the war again/! France.

Mojl gracious Sovereigns,

WE your Majefties moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons in parliament affembled, having entred into a due and ferious confederation of the extraordinary occafions which oblige your Majefties to a great and prefont expence in the neceftary defence of your realms, and being- defirous to raife such aids and fupplies as may be proportionable to thefe occafions, do humbly prefent your Majefties with the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do befeech your Majefties that it may be enadted :

CAP. XXI

H, And

694O Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Maria c.21.  307

II.  And be it enafted by the Kill’s and Queen's moft ex- Duty upon dlent majefties, by and with the advice and confcnt of the

»rds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament af- *or 4 y^ar8 mbled, and by authority, of the fame. That from and after For thl increufe ic eight and twentieth day of Jumy which (hall be in the year and continuance : our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety four, there mall 1 throughout their Majefties kingdom of England, dominion ^c. %o.

' ffdles, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy railed, collected, 9 & xo W. 3. id paid unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceiTors, du- c. 25. lg the term of four years, and no longer, for the feveral and 1 A*111**ftat* fpedtive things herein after mentioned, which (hall be writ- * Ann«,c. 19. a or ingrofied, during the term aforesaid, over and above the 9 Anna’c! u* tes, duties, and fums of money, now due and payable to their f- 4* & c. 23. ajefties, or to any peribn or perfons, bodies politick or corpo- *<>Ann«,c.i9. te whatfoever, for the fame, the feveral and refpeftive rates, * c' tpofitions, duties, charges, and fums of money herein after n Ann*, ftat. prefled, in manner and form following (that is to (ay;)  2.  c. 9.

III.  For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, on 1 Gco-1 • ^at-lich any grants or letters patents under the great feal of Eng-

fdy or the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajiery \ Geo. 1. c. 4. of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty, or Particular ivilege, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corpo- ratef* te, or exemplifications or the fame, (hall be ingrofied or itten, the fum of forty (hillings. For every (kin or piece of Hum, parchment, or (heet of paper, on which any pardon or for any crime or offence, or of any fum of money op feiture whatfoever, or on which any wairant of reprieve or axation from any fines, corporal punhhments, or other for-ture, (hall be ingrofied or written, the fum of forty (hillings* r every (kin of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper upon uch any grant from their Majefties of any fum of money exuding one hundred pounds, which (hall pafs the great feal, privy feal (not directed to the great feal) (hall be ingrofied or itten, the turn of forty (hillings. For every flrin of vellum parchment, or for every (heet of paper upon which any mt of any office or employment, which (hall be above the lue of fifty pounds per armumy (hall be written, or ingrofied,

: fum of forty (hillings. For every (kin of vellum or parch-* mt, on which any grant of -lands in fee, leafe for years, or ler grant of profit, not herein particularly charged, that (hall fs the great feal of England^ the feal of the Exchequer, the 1 of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajiery or the privy 1 (not dire&ea to the great feal) (hall be ingrofied or written,

* fum of forty (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vellum parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any prefentation donation which (hall pais the great feal of England, or upon nch any collation to be made by any archbiihop, or other hop, or any prefentation or donation to be made by any patron tatfoever, pf or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or eccle* focal promotion whatfoever, (hall be ingrofied or written, the n of forty (hillings 3 provided such benefice, dignity, or <

X 2  promo-

got Annoquinto&fcjhoGauELMi& Marine. e.it. 16

promotion, be of the yearly value of ten pounds or above Li the Bang’s books. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parch-ment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any regifter, e-try, teftimonial, or certificate of any degree taken in other d the two univerfities, or four inns of court, (hall be ingraft or written, the fum of forty (hillings. For every (kin or pht pf vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, on which any & penfcttion to hold two ecdefiaftical dignities or benefices, cr both a dignity and a benefice, or any other difpenfittiooerfi-culty, from the lord archbifhop of Canterbury, or the softer of the faculties, for the time beinjg, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of forty (hillings. For every (kin or piece of rdfam or parchment, (heet or piece of paper, upon which an admittance of any fellow ot the college of phyfidans, or of mf attorney, clerk, advocate, prodtor, notary, or other officer or officers, in any court whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written,

* the fum of forty (hillings. For every lkin or piece of vetai or parchment, or lheet of paper, upon which any appeal froc the court of admiralty, arches, or the prerogative courts ct Canterbury, or York, (hall be ingrofied or written, the fan of forty (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any conveyance, forrader of grants, or. offices, releafe, or other deed whatfam, which (hall be enrolled of record, in any of the courts at mnfier, or in any other court of record whatfoever, orbm tujtos rotulorum, or clerk of the peace, (hall be ingrofied* written, the fum of five (hillings. For every piece of ?efaa or parchment upon which any writ of covenant for levying fines (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five fhifi;:*. For every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any tr: of entry for fuffering a common recovery (hall be ingraft or written, the fum of five (hillings. For every (kin of velhnncr parchment, upon which any exemplification, of what mss? foever, that (hall pals the feal of any court whatfoever, (ball be ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings. For every (kin of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon wtoA any decree or difmiffion, made by or in the court of Cbcxen, Exchequer, court of the county palatine or duchy of Imsjtr, courts of the counties palatine of Chefter, Durham, or otbe court of equity whatfoever, (hall be ingrofled or written, tk fum of fix pence. For every (kin or piece of vellum or pares-ment, or (heet of paper upon which any inftitution, or 1km* that (hall pafs the feal of any archbifhop or bifhop, chancellor, •r other ordinary, or any ecdefiaftical court whatfoever, fc-be ingrofled or written, the fum of five (hillings. For ever: (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, up? which any writ of error. Certiorari, Habeas Carpus, or appn (except to the delegates) (hall be ingrofled or written, the m of five (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or payment, or flieet of paper, upon which any Sigmficavit pro cry deliberations (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five ft .*

lir^*

1694*] Annoquinto&lcxtoGuLlELMi&MARim. c.iu 309

ings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment,

>r (heet or piece of * paper, upon which any fentence hat (hall be given in the court of the lord high admiral ►f England, or the oinque ports exercifing admiralty jurif-  .  ,

li<5tion, or upon any attachment that (hall be made out of unfandex-ny of the faid courts of admiralty, or any relaxation of any pUanedbyt&i jch attachment, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of five w. j-cn,as idlings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or t0 ncmiza*-lector piece of paper, upon which any licence for or certificate f marriage, or any letters of mart, (nail be ingrofled or writ- xurtificaustf in, the (urn of five (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vel- Mdrrme, 8e. tm or parchment, (heet or piece of paper, upon which any Proceedings in robate of a will, or letters of adminiftration, for any eftate Jove the value of twenty pounds, (hall be ingrofled or written, comrifooiurs1 te fum of five (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or frwers, or in irchment, (heet or piece of paper, upon which any recogni- j^M*?**^ ince, ftatute-ftapie or ftatute-merchant, (hall be ingrofled or ritten, and entred of record in any court or office, the fum of univerjties,

/e (hillings. For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, ctmmtfktu of pon which any record of Nifi firius or Pojlea (hall be ingrofled reMlmr, ad-r written, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence. For every in or piece of vellum or parchment, or paper, upon whicn poratim or in-tall be engrofled or written any judgment whatsoever, which ferior courts and tall be figned by the mafter of any office, or his deputy or fe- **/**• tndary, pr by any prothonotary or his fecondary, deputy or erk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at yjlminjler, who have power, or ufually doth or (hall iign dgments, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence. For every in or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon hich any commiflion ifluing out of any eccleliaftical court,

>t herein otherwife particularly charged, (hall be ingrofled or ritten, the fum of two (hillings and fir pence. For every in or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of paper, upon hich any warrant, monition, or perfonal decree, in any mrt of admiralty, or the cinque-ports, (hall be ingrofled oxt ritten, or upon which any beneficial warrant or order undeit eir Majefties fign manual .(except warrants or orders for the rvice of their Majefties navy, army, and ordnance) (hall be graded or written, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence* ar every piece of vellum, parchment or paper, upon which ty fpecial bail to be taken in any of the courts at JVeJlminJler9 before any of the judges of the faid courts, or in any other iurt whatfoever, that (hall be filed in any of the (aid courts, all be ingrofled or written, and for every piece of vellum, irchment, or paper, upon which lhall be engrofled or written ly appearance upon such fpecial bail, the fum of one (hilling, or every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon which all be ingrofled or written any bill, anfwer, replication, re-inder, interrogatories, depofitions taken by commiflion, or jy other pleadings whatfoever, in the courts of Chancery,

# 3  Exchequer^

£io Anno.quinto & fexto Gulielmi & MariA. c.ti. [1694.

Exchequer, duchy court, and county palatine court*, or odter courts of equity, the fum of one (hilling. For every flm or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every (heet or pica of paper, upon which any admiflion into any corporation or company, or any matriculation in other of the two unherfities, or any admiflion into any of the inns of court or inns of din-eery, (hall be ingrofled or written, the film of one fttUiag. For every piece of parchment or paper, upon which my affidavit (haU be ingrofled or written (except affidavits taka pur-fuant to the feveral afts made in the thirtieth and two and joCar.t. Rat- thirtieth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for 3*Car. a. c. s. burying in woollen, and except foch affidavits as (hall betaken Tit ft duties are before the officers of their Majefties cuftoms, or any jnffice« enlarged by 9 juft ices of die peace, or before any commiflioners apposite!« *10  3'to be appointed by any aft of parliament for the afieffing or

*rwldedArh lcvying any aids or duties granted or to be granted to their Ma-lArm. (tat. Z jefties, ana which affidavits (hall be taken by the&doffices c. as.  of the cuftoms, juftices, or commiflioners, by virtue of Ac:

authority as juftices of the peace, or commiflioners rdj>e&rt-Nenvdnties laid ly, and not otherwiie) the fuin of fix pence. And for eray *"  piece of parchment or paper, upon which any copy of fed;

England ^ affidavit, as is herein before charged,' that mall be filed or

tiktinUrm--^ in any court whatfbever, (hall be ingrofled or wntten,

inScotland, the fum of fix pence. For every (kin or piece of vdloo or antfpamfUetat parchment, or (beet of paper, upon which (hall be ingrofled acc-tHoAnn. qj vvritten any indenture, leale, or deed-poll, not hnAj & soi. >0°* otberwife charged, the fum of fix pence. For every pea of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon whidffj original writ, (except such original on which a writ of Cfc ifiues) Subpoena, bill of  ,  writ  of  Capias,

minus, writ of Dedimus  to take anfwen, enrnhK

witnefles, or appoint guardians, and any other writ whstfo-ever, or any other procefis or mandate that (hall iflueocraf or pals the feals of any of the courts at WtJhmnJUr, coots of the great feflions in Wales, courts in counties palatine, or any other court whatfbever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of h pence. For every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any entry of any aftion in the mayor's and fhenffs ccets of Loudon, ana in courts in all corporations, and other an whatfoever, out of which no writs, procefs, or mandates Mbs, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to for-(hillings or above, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fun? fix pence. For every piece or vellum, parchment, or pape. upon which any common bail to be filed in any court whatever, and upon which any appearance that (hall be made opr such bail, (hall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix penes which appearance or common bail the defendant (hall caufec he entred or filed within right days after the return of the prc-cefs on which the defendant wasarrefted, upon penalty of fist

pouris

[694*1 Anno qtimto & fexto GuLIElmi & Marine, c.ai. git

iounds to be paid to the plaintiiF, for which the court ihall ^mediately award judgment, whereupon the plaintiiF may tke out execution. For every piece of vellum, parchment, r paper, upon which any rule or order made or given in any if the Courts at Wtjlmnjler, either courts of law or equity, lull be ingroffed or written, the Turn of fix pence. For every iece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any copy f such rules or orders entred, or the copies of any other re-ords or proceedings in any of the faid courts at ot hereby otherwise charged, ihall be ingroiTed or written, the im of fix pence. For every flcin or piece of vellum or parch-lent, or meet of paper, upon which ihall be engrofied or ritten any citation or monition made in any ecclefiaftical 3urt, or any libel or allegation, depofition, aniwer, fentence, r final decree, or any inventory exhibited in any ecclefiaftical jurt, the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports, or where-pon any copies of them reipeftively, (hall be ingrofled or 'ritten, the fum of fix pence. For every lkin or piece of ellum, parchment, or (heet of paper, upon which any barter-party, policy of affurance, paffport, bond, releafe, intraft, or other obligatory inftrument, or any proteft, promotion, letter of attorney, or any other notarial aft whatever ihall be ingrofled or written, the fum of fix pence, or every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet of a per, upon which any declaration, plea, replication, rejoiner, demurrer, or other pleadings whatfoever, in any court f law, ihall be ingrofled or written, the fum of one-penny. nd for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon  bpj

hich any copy thereof fhajl be written or ingrofled, the Ann. c. 19. im of one penny. For every ikin or piece of vellum or archment, or iheet of paper, upon which any depofitions y „ .? \„s tken in the court of Cbasuery, or other court of equity (ex- part of the :pt the paper draughts of depofitions taken by virtue of any aggregate • immiflion before they are ingrofled) which are not herein fund* efore charged, or upon which any copy of any bill, anfwer, lea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depotions, or other proceedings whatfoever, in any court of equity, tall be ingrofled or written the fum of one penny. For eveiy an or piece of vellum or parchment, or iheet of paper, pon which a copy of any will ihall be ingrofled or written, le fum of one penny.

IV.  And for preventing abufes committed by arrefting per- Clerk to fet ins without any writ or legal procefs to juftiiy the fame, by down upon the leans whereof the duty hereby given to the crown upon such ^ year, and rocefs will be loft; be it enaftra by the authority aforesaid, enter it upon lat from and after the faid eight and twentieth day  the remem-

very officer or clerk belonging to the court of Kings Bench, France, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, who (hall fign any writ or procefs efore judgment, to arreft any perfon or perfons ‘thereupon, dap and lall at thefigning thereof fet down upon such writ or procefs lie day and year of his figning the fame, which ihall be en- tbt'warrants, red upon the remembrance, or in the book where the ahftrsift

X 4  of

312 AonQqyinto &rfcxtoGulielmi &Mari/e. c.ii. [1694:

by 6 Geo. i.c. of such wyit or procefs fhall be entred, upon pain to forfeit the

ai. f. 54. Penalty.

fum of ten pounds for every offence or negleft of such officer or clerk, aforefaid j to be recovered by any perfon who (haH Cue for the fame, in any of their Majefties courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager pf law, protection or efloin, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

V.  Provided always, that this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to charge any bills of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (not fealed) for payment of money at fight, or upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment.

VI.  Provided, that nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of adminiftration, of any common feaman or foldier, who (hall be (lain or die in t^eir Majefties fervice, a certificate being produced from the captain of the (hip or veffel, or captain of the troop or company, under whom such feaman or foldier ferved at the time of his death, and oath made of the truth thereof, before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or adminiftration ought to be granted ; which oath such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and for which no fee or reward (hall be taken.

VII.  And be it further cnafted by the authority aforesaid, King may ap- Th^t for the better and more effectual levying, collefting, and

twtiMt rAirnnil  aLAaLUa!J

Bills of Exchange, &c. laved.

probate of will. See. of foldier and feamen (aved,

point commif-fioners.

Place of the office.'

fComiqiifioq-tr* may appoint officers.

Six feveral marks to be provided.

the

may

paying" unto their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, feveral and refpeftivc duties hereby granted, it (hall and be lawful for their Majefties, their heirs and fucceilors, under the great feal of England from time to time, to nominate and appoint such perfons as they (hall think fit, to be commiffioners pr officers for the fevjer^ purposes herein after mentioned ; and that the pommiffioners, fe to be appointed, dial] keep their head office in feme convenient place within the cities of London or Wejiminjler; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, art hereby impowerctj, under their hands and feals, to appoint (inch other inferior officers, for the marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the better collefting and levying the duties hereby granted to their Majefties, as they in their diferetions (hall think fit; and the faid pommiffioners (hall, by the fpace of thirty days before the laid eight and twentieth day of June, which (hall be in the year of pur Lord one thoufana fix hundred ninety four, provide fix feveral marks or (lamps, differing from each other, for the feveral anf) refpeftivc duties hereby granted, with which feveral marks or damps all vellum, paper, and parchment, upon which any of the feveral and relpeftive things herein before charged (hall be ingrafted or written, (hall he damped and im-prefled, that is to fay; one damp or mark, with which all vellum, paper, and parchment, herein befqre charged with the payment of forty (hillings for every (kin, piece, or (heet, (hall b$ (lamped or marked: and one other (tamp or m^rk, with which all vellum, parchment, and paper, herein before charged

with

1694*3 Anno quinto & fexto Gulielmi & Marine, c.21.  313

with the payment of five lhillings for every (kin, (heet, or piece, as aforesaid, (hall be marked and ftamped: one other mark or The proclama-ftamp, with which all vellum, parchment, and paper, charged fJ?* " H b*3u~ as aforefaid with the payment of two (hillings and fix pence, wtu/ofby10 for every (kin, (heet, or piece, (hall be marked and ftamped, Anne, e. 19. and fo refpedlively a different mark or ftamp, with which all /• 1 80. the old vellum, paper, and parchment, herein before charged with the^**^*™'® payment of the feveral duties of twelve pence, fix pence, 2nd ones are pr^ one penny, (hall be feverally and differently marked and ftamp- cUdnudly 1* ed ; which faid feveral marks and (lamps (hall be publiftied by Anne, jlat.%. c. proclamation, to be iffued under the great feal of England\ a 9•£ 3°-convenient time before the faid eight and twentieth day of June, to the end that all perfons may have due notice thereof; and The m . that the (aid marks and (lamps, or any of them, (hall or may may ^ar be altered or renewed from time to time, as their Majefties, changed, their heirs or fucceffors (hall think fit, fo as publick notification thereof be given by proclamation, as aforesaid,

VIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Impreffion to That the commifiioners in providing the (aid marks or (lamps,be durable, (hall take care they be fo contrived, that the imprefiion thereof

may be durable, and fo as the fame may be lead liable to be foiged or counterfeited*

IX.  And be it further enabled, that all velhim, parchment* Parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged with the feveral and Sec. to be refpedlive duties aforesaid, (hall, before any of the matters or Jtiarke4 bc-things herein before mentioned (hall be thereupon ingroffed or fore wnttclu written, be brought to the head office aforesaid, or feme other fub-commifiioncr or officer to be appointed by the commiffion-

ers, as herein is directed for that purpose, to be ftamped and marked; and the faid commifiioners, fub-commifiioners, and officers aforesaid, are hereby impowered and required forthwith upon demand to them made by any perfen or perfons, to ftamp or mark any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, he or they paying to such officer or officers as (hall be appointed in that behalf, the refpe&ive duties hereby directed to be paid for the fame, to ftamp and mark the fame accordingly, without any other fee or reward, which ftamp or mark (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the feveral and refpe&ive duties hereby granted upon the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, which (hall be fo ftamped or marked.

X.  And be it further enabled, That if any commifiioner or Penalty upoq other officer to be appointed as aforefaid (hall fix any such mark officer Hamper (lamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, before the feve- j.nS before ral and refpe&ive duties thereupon charged by this act (hall be • ty pal * duly qnfwered and paid, or bejfecuied to be paid to their Majefties ufe, he (hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to their Majefties, and the

other moiety to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the fame in any of their Msyefties cOufJe of record, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protedion, wager of law, qr . more than q&e imparlance, (hall he allowed.

XI.  An4

314 Anno quinto 8c fcxto Guuelmi Marijs. cai. [1694-

Penalty upon XI. And be it further cnafted, That if any perian or perfons pcWon writing fl^all ingrofs or write, or caufe to be ingrafted or written, upon bafor/ftamp- any ve«uni> parchment, or papa, any of die matters or things «d, fcc. r for which the faid vellum, parchment, or paper is hereby charged, to pay any duty, before fitch time as the faid vellum, parchment or paper (hall be marked or damped as aforesaid, or upon which there (hall not be Come damp or mark refembling the fame, or (hall ingrofs or write, or caufe to be ingrofled or written, any matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or damped, for any lower duty than the duty by this aft payable for what (hall be fo ingrafted or written, such perfon fo offending (hall for every such offence Retbutd to st forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to *7 6 ar 7 P’. j. thetr -Majedies, and the other moiety to him or them that will £ts>/ 7- inform or fue for the fame, as aforefaid j and in cafe any clerk, Sfcwfef00 °®cer» pcrion, who in tefpeft of any pubHck office or em-oSendiog. ployment is or (hall be intitled or intruded to make, ingrofs, or write, any records, deeds, inftruments, or writings by this aft charged to pay a duty, as aforesaid, (hall be guilty of any fraud or praftice to deceive their Majedies of any duty by this aft payable, by making, ingrafting, or writing any fueh record, deed, inftrument, or writing, or caufing the fame to be made, ingrofled, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped according to this aft, or upon which there (hall not be feme damp or mark refembling the lame, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped with any mart or damp which he (hall know to be counterfeited, or by ingrafting or writing any such deed, inftrument, or other writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be merited or damped for a lower duty, as aforesaid, that then every such clerk, officer, or perfon fo guilty of any such fraud or praftice, and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall (over and above the penalty aforefaid) forfeit his office, place, or employment re-(peftively, and be difabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the Penalty upon future. And if any attorney belonging to any court whatfoever attorney. (hall be guilty of any such fraud or praftice as aforesaid, and be convifted thereof, he (hall be difabled for the future to praftife No inftru-  as an attorney. And if any deed, inftrument, or writing what-

ment, See.  foeyer, bv this aft charged with the payment of a duty as afbre-

oarcftamDt* ^***1, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof be good, till 51. written or ingrofled by any perfon or perfons whatfoever (not paid to the ‘ being a known clerk or officer, who, in refpeft of any publick King. «"d office or employment, is or (hall be intitled to the making, money for the wrjtjng, or ingrofling the fame) upon vellum, parchment, or p'  paper not marked or damped according to this aft, or upon vel-

lum, parchment, or paper, marked or (tamped for a lower duty, as aforesaid, that then, and in eveiy such cafe, there (hall be due, anfwered, and paid to their Majenies (over and above foe duty aforefaid) for every such deed, inftrument, or writing, the (iim of Mod. cafe* in ®v* pounds; and no such record, deed, inftrument, or writing, law  (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in

any

(694-] Arwioquinto& fexto Gulielmi &Mari.«. c.ai. 315

ray court to be good, ufeful, or available, in law or equity, until as well the (aid duty, as the faid fum of five pounds, (hall be first paid to their Majefties ufe, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand or hands of fome of their Majefties officers, which (hall be appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, in-ftrutnent, or writmg, (hall be written or made, (hall be marked ar damped With a lawful mark or (lamp ;• and their Majefties officer or officers laft mentioned are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duty and fum of five pounds unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark or ftamp the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or ftamp that (hall be proper for such deed, inftru-ment, or writing refpeftively.} and if any perfon or perfons what- Counterfeit or fosVer (hall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge fale ofcoun-any ftamp or mark to referable any ftamp or mark which (hall *e.rfeit P3Per> be provided or made in purfuance of this aft, or (hall counter-te ony' feit or refemble the imprefiion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, thereby to defraud their Majefties, their heirs and fucceuors, of any the duties hereby granted, or (hall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, with fuch' counterfeit mark, or imprefDon thereupon, knowing such mark or impreffion to be counterfeited, then every such perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted in due form of law, (hall be judged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without the benefit of clergy.

XII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, CommitEon-That the commiffioners to be conffituted by their Majefties,er* may *p-their hors or fuccefiors, under the great fcal of England, as aforesaid, (hall and may appoint a fit perfon to attend in any court, court or office, to take notice of the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any the matters or things aforefaid (hall be mgrofled, written, or put, and of tire marks or (lamps thereupon, arid of all other matters and things tending to fecure their Majefties duties arifing by this aft, ana that the judges in the ieveral courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at (he requeft or requefts of the faid commiffioners, to be appointed by their Majefties as aforesaid, or of any two or more of them, (hall make such orders in the refpeftive courts, and do such other matters and things, for the better fecuring of the laid duties, as (hall be lawfully and reafonably defircd in that behalf: and that every perfon, who (hall be commiffionated by Officers to their Majefties, and every perfon to be employed by or under |ak* those commiffionated by their Majefties, for the marking or IowinE • (lamping of vellum, parchment, or paper, as aforesaid, before his afting in the marking or ftamping of the faid vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall take the oath following; that is to fay,

IA.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the tru/l repofed in me,  purjuant  to an ait of parliament, intituled. An aft for

granting to their Majefties ieveral duties upon vellum, parchment.

316 Anno quinto & fexco<jULiELMi & Marijb. c.ii. [1694.

merit, and paper, for four years, towards carrying on the war againft France, without fraud or concealment \ and Jbaufrom time tt tme true account make of my doing therein, and deliver the fame to fucb perfon or perfom as their Majefties ^ their heirs or fucceJfors*JbaU appoint to receive fucb account, and /hall take no fee* reward or profit* for the execution or performance of the faid truft* or the bufinefs relating thereunto, from any perfons* other than such as JhaU be paid or allowed by their Majejlies* their heirs or fuccejfors* or by the com-miffioners of their Majefties treafury, or three jf them now being* or by the treasurer of the Exchequer, or three or more of the comrmjfion-ers of the treafury for the time being.

By whom ad- Which oath (hall and may be adminiftred to any such com* mmiftred. miflioner or commiflioners by any two or more of the fame commiflioners which (hall be appointed under the great Zeal, as aforefaid; and any of the (aid commiflioners (hall and may ad* minifter the like oath (mutdtis mutandis) to the fub-commiflion-ers, or other perfons which (hall be employed under them in the faid bufinels of marking or (lamping.

Commiflton- XIII. And be it enafted, That the faid commiflioners or others to obferve cers, to be appointed by their Majefties as aforesaid, and all the orders of fub-commiflioners, and officers, to be employed or intruded by the treafury, or un<jcr them, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, in and for the better execution of their feveral places and trufts, obferve and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they refpcAive-ly (hall fiom time to time receive from the (aid commiflioners of the treafury now being, or from the treafurer of the Exchequer^ or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being; and that the faid commiflioners, to be appointed by their Majefties as aforesaid, (hall take efpecial care that the feveral parts of this kingdom, and the dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* (hall, from time to time, be fufficiently furnilhed with vellum, parchment, and paper, (lamped or marked as aforesaid, fo as their Majefties fubje&s may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or perfons to be employed by the laid commiflioners, at the ufual or mod common rites above the faid duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be (lamped as aforesaid, or to fumiftt them-felves or others that (hall have done the fame.

Paupers ex- XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed. That none of the rates, impofitions, or fums of money, before in this adt exprefled, (hall be raifed, levied, colleAed, or paid, or be payable unto their Majefties, by virtue of this adl, by any per-(bn or perfons that (hall be admitted to fue or defend ip forma pauperis.

Records, kc. XV. And to the end their Majefties may not be defrauded of to be writ a{ any the (fifties hereby granted, be it enadled, That all records, nfuaj,  writs,  pleadings,  and other proceedings in courts of law and

equity, and an deeds, inftruments, and writings whatfoever, hereby charged, (hall be ingrofled and written in such manner they have been qfually accuftoiped to be written, or are now written. .......................................... JCYI.  Pro*

and take care that the country be faroith-ca with parchment, &c.

•3 Anno.quinto& fexto Gulielmi & MAJtiiS. car. 317

7*1. Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That as Up™ renew, as their Majefties, their heirs or fuccelTors, (hall think ^  Sat have

er or renew the laid marks or (lamps, or any of them, it marked be lawful for all perfons who (hall at that time have in by them (ball cuflody or poffeflion any vellum, parchment, or paper* have it chang. ed with the mark or damp which (hall be fo altered or £ ",thm 60 /ed, and upon which none of the matters or things hereby * ‘

;ed (hall be ingrofled or written, at any time within the of fixty days after such intention of renewing or altering be publilhed by proclamation, as aforesaid, to bring or such vellum, parchment, or paper, unto the faid com-mers, to the head office in London or Wejiminjler, or to other officers as (hall be appointed, as aforefaid. And the ommiffioners and officers refpe&ively are hereby required liver, or cauie to be delivered, unto the feveral perfons who fo bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, paper, or intent, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, is good in quality, damped with such new damp or mark,

)ut demanding or taking, direCtly or indirectly for the fame,

Um of money, or other confideration whatfoever, under the  uPon

Iry of forfeiting for every offence one hundred pounds, to jed for, recovered, and divided in such manner as other lties in this alt are directed to be fued for, recovered, and ed. And in cafe any perfon (hall negleCt or refufe, within Paper not ime aforesaid, to bring, or caufe to be brought and deliver- brought m unto the faid commiffioners or officers, as aforesaid, any ^rneof^ vellum, parchment or paper, the fame is hereby declared uie.

; of no other effeCt or ufe, than if it had never been (lamp-and that all matters or things, which (hall after that time igrofled or written thereon, (hall be of no other effeCt than ;y had been ingroffed or writteivon vellum, parchment, or r, not marked or (lamped at alT; and all perfons who (hall >fs or write any the matters" or things hereby charged on vellum, parchment, or paper, after the faid time, (hall for-md fuffer as herein before is enaCled for perfons writing or 3<ling on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or

^11. And be it enaCled by the authority aforesaid, That it Uredif of loan

: and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, *t V. j*rcent.

•res or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance

lend to their Majefties into the receipt of their Exchequer,

n the credit of this aCt, any fum or fums of money not ex-

ing the fum of three hundred and thirty thousand pounds

he whole; and to have and receive, for the forbearance of

uch monies as (hall be lent, intereft not exceeding the rate

ight pounds per centum per annum.  „

"VIII. And be it further enaCled and ordained by the autho- at-aforefaid. That all and every the officer and officers, who count and *

1 be concerned in the levying, collecting, and. receiving the weekly pay* es arifing by this aCt, do keep a feparate and diflinCt account ment* eof, and pay the fame in fpccie into the receipt of their Majefties

Penalty.

tbe Exchequer,

Talley and order to the lender.

318 Anno quinta & facto Gulielmi & Maria, cu, [i^

jetties Exchequer weekly on Wtdtufla} in arty ltd, wild: be an holiday, and then tbe next day after which M not \ an holiday, and upon ncgled or refuftd of tfefeme,Mh:j the penalties, forfeitures, damages, and colls, aiottotbta cers of the Exchequer* herein after mentioned (hall be bib which monies fo paid in (hall be applied to the ufcteos mentioned in this ad, and no otberwifc.

Diftinfi books XIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afob of receipts in That there (hall be provided and kept in thefcMajefci chequer (that is to fay) in the office of die aoditorcf thtraapa one book, in which all monies, that (hail be paid into tk£* chequer by virtue of this ad, (hall be entred and and diftind from all other monies paid or paphletotiaib jetties, upon any account whatfoever; and that all aodra) pcrfon and perfons, natives or foreigners, hafapofo corporate, who (hall lend any money to their Majdfa tbe credit of this ad, and pay the fame into thececopt d Exchequer, (hall immediately have a taOey of loanftrockior fame, and an order for his or their repayment, beari^tki date with the tally; in which order maU beaifocurt warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance, notc&etdq the rates aforesaid, for his or their confident to tap every three months, until the repayment of htsortbdrp& pal; and that all orders for repayment of money folk* giftred in courfe, according to the date of the talfeyidpefej, without preference of dne before another; and that ala! paid in courfe, every penon and perlbns (hall be paid in courfe, aasrfes their orders (hall ftand rcgiftred in the (aid book, fi>as kit perfon, native or foreigner, his, or their executors, atao> tors, and afligns, who (hall have his, her, or their ok orders first entred in the laid book, (hall be taken and acra as the first perfon to be paid upon the monies to case in virtue of this ad; and he or they, who (haU have tear 6a order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accouttedrofa the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fuoceffively aodiacocrfe and that the monies to come in by this ad (hail beitithetea order liable to the fatisfadion of the faid refpedtirepati^fc executors, adminittrators, or afligns, fucceffitdy,wbou{^ ference of one before another, and not othenrife^ andnaiB divertible to* any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatibevcr; n that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredly or indiredly, be a minded or taken of any of their Majefties fubjeds kj viding or making any such books, regifters, entries, vies, fearch as aforesaid, or in or for the payment of money las, the intereft as aforesaid, by any of their Majefties office officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment ot damages to the party grieved by the party offending, vita Penalties up- of fuit; or if the officer himfuft take or demand any suchfe on officer tak- reward, then to lofc his place alfo. And if any undue ps P*yinx*out of cncc onc before another (hall be made, either in point r courfe. giftry or payment, contrary to the true moping of this A

Orders to be regiftred,

and perfons

j4-3 Anno quinto & fisxfoGiiLiELMi & Marine, c.21. 319

fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be Je by action of .debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the it, damages, and cofts, to the patty grieved, and fhail be :judgedfrom his place or office; ana if such preference be luly made by any hie deputy or clerk, without direction or /ity of bis n^fter, then such deputy or clerk only fhail be tie to such a<ftipn,debt, damages, and cofts, and fhail be for r after uncapable of his place or office: and in cafe the audi- Penalty upon fhail not diredt, nor the clerk of the pells record, or the teller auditor. Sc. ce payment, according to each .perfon’s due place and order, atifcndiog. ifore diredted, then he oc they mall be judged to forfeit, and x refpedtiye deputies and clerks heron offending, to be liable such adlion, debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner as 'eiaid. All which feid penalties, forfeitures, damages and s, to be incurred by any of the officers aforesaid, or any r deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by adrion lebt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of their Majefties rts of record at IVfJlmnJitr, wherein no efloin, protection, ilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint (hall be iivy wife granted or allowed.

!X. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it What (halt not pen that fevcral tallies of loan, or orders for payment as be undue pre-efaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor fereuce* tie receipt to be regiftred, then it fhail be interpreted no un-preference which of those he enters firft, fo he enters them the fame day.. Provided alfo, That it (ball not be interred any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of ment, if the auditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, the teller do pay fubfequent orders of the perfons that come demand their money, and bring their order, before other ons that did not come and demand their money, and bring r order, in their courfe, fo as there may be fo much money reed as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife ofed, but kept for them} intereft upon loan being to ceafe n the time the money is fo referved ana kept in bank for them.

[XI. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid, Orders af-at every, perfon or perfons, to whom any monies (hall be fignablc.

by virtue of this ad, after order entied in the book of re-:r aforefaid for payment thereof, his executors, adminiftra-, or affigns, by indorfement of his order may afftgn and isfer his right, title, intereft and benefit of such order, or part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office lie auditor of receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial eof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaid for orders rich the officer fhail, upon requpft, without fee or charge ac-lingly make) (hall intitle such affiance, his executors, ad* iflrators, or affigns to the benefit thereof, and payment -eon: and such affignee may in like manner affign again, lo  Mies queries •, add afterwards it (hall not be in the power

uch perfon or perfons, who have or hath made such affign-its, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any the kies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXII. Pro-

3*o

Provifion for friaries.

Proclamation of renewal to be publiflied within so days.

Penalty upon officer^ not publiihing it.

Anno quinto & iexto Gulielmi & Maria tn [%

XXH. Provided always, and be it enafted, Tbit it M a may be lawful to and for their Majefties, their heirs urtfc ceflors, out of the duties arifing by this ad, to caufc fudifc and fums of mohey to be expended and paid, from time to q for falaries and other incidem charges, as (hall be nectfe and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing fame duties, during the faid term therein by this ad g any thing in this aft contained to die contra^ notwithfandi^,

XXIU.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, Tkj often as their Majefties, their heirs or fucceffors, IhaUtkU to alter the faid damps, or any of them, that the praW which is hereby directed to be made, for giving torfprinl due notice thereof, (hall within twenty days after the date tors of be fent to the mayor, chief magiftrate, or other bead of of every city, corporation, borough and market town, thro*} out the kingdom of England, dominion of JVafo, indtoto Berwick upon Tweed, which officers refpedivelyMartel fame to he publifhed to the inhabitants of such city, corpora^ or town, either on the next market day, or next Sm, ini church immediately after the time of divine fcrvice, upcspa of forfeiting the fum of two hundred pounds, to befadjorb aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of to Mi jefties'eourts of record at fVe/lminftery wherein no cfibtn, a teftion, wager of law, privilege, or more than one iapariiq (hall be granted or allowed; the one moiety of which teto to be to their Majefties, the other moiety to fcch penocq (hall fue for the fame.

XXIV.  And be it enabled. That the oimraiffwnre,^ of the impreft or receivers general, or other perfon or perfonswboarcsN to take the ac- ^ refpc(5Uvely employed in the directing, receiving, coSesra

or paying the feveral impofitiojis upon paper and parcteaj and other duties, by this aft granted, (nail and areherebya quired, between the eight and twentieth day of ^oneda (and fix hundred ninety five, and the nine and twenty September following, and fo from year to year yearly, # m times, during the continuance of tms aft, to exfek to fpeftive accounts thereof to their Majefties auditors i tkij preft for the time being, or one of them, who (haE to hereby from time to time refpeftively authorized to end upon oath the faid commiffioners, receiver or receivers gal or other perfon or perfons accountants, who (hall be m in raifing, receiving or collecting the faid impoiitions ad ties, of what fum or fums of money was or were by them, of them, refpeftively raifed, collected, or received, wife time of such their accounts, and likewife what part there?:1 by them, or any of them, paid into their Majefties red the Exchequer, or by virtue of any warrant of privy ftal,<rs| rant of the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners o! i Majefties treafury for the time being, otherwife paid, 2^! whom, and for what fervice or fervices; and in msfej faid accounts to and before the faid auditors, or err them, they are to produce proper vouchers for every i

The auditor

counts of the cotnmiflion-ers, See. an-Dually upon oath.

94.] Anno quinto & fextoGulielmi & Marias. c.22.  321

noney foby them, or any of them, raifed, received and paid, ording to the ancient methods of the Exchequer: And to the The accounts that it may appear upon record what the fcms amounted to in year, for which such account or accounts are or (hall be re- t^Au-er festively made, and what thereof was paid, and to whom and what ufe and fervice, ufes and ferviccs as aforesaid, and what lain* unpaid and reds infuper upon each refpe&ive receiver and e<5tor, the account or accounts, fo to be taken by every of raid auditors refpe&ively, is and are to be declared before the treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury, and chan->r of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, according % he courfe of the Exchequer in such cafes.

CAP. XXII,

aft for the licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and ftage coaches.

TE your Majeilies mod loyal and dutiful fubjeds the com-*

' mons in parliament aflembled, being fenfibleof the great neceflary expence in which your Majedies are engaged, for ying on the prefent war againft the French King, and being ous to fupply the fame, in such manner as may be, lead vous to your Majedies fubjedts, have given and granted, and icreby give and grant unto your Majedies, the feveral rates fums of money herein after mentioned, and do befeech your edies that it may be enadted:  ,

. And be it enacted by the King’s and Qpeen’s mod excellent The King rfties, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- may appoint and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af- commiflioners >led, and by the authority of the fame, That from and aftert0 cxccljtc th* renth day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, it %&*** n and may be lawful to and for their Majedies, their heirs fuccefibrs, under their great feal of England, to nominate, orizeand appoint any perfon or perfons, not exceeding five imber, to be commiflioners for the regulating and licenfing 1 hackney-coaches within the cities ot London and fVeftmin* and the fuburbs thereof, and within all and every the pa* s and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, ror the regulating and licenfing all ftage-coaches throughout Lingdom of England, dominion of IvaUcy and town of Zfcr-upon Tweedy in such manner as is herein after directed 3 ch faid commiflioners to be appointed, as aforesaid, are oy impowered and authorized to put in execution the feve-owers and authorities herein after mentioned.

[. And be it further enabled, That the commiflioners fo ap- co|nm|^ red (hall have power and authority, and are hereby impower- fioners may id required, under their hands and feals, or under the hands appoint back-[eals of the major part of them, to licence all such perfons ney-coachc$in fhall drive or keep any hackney-coach, or coach-horfes in the cities of London and JVeJlminflcr^ or the fuburbs of 700. ame, or within the parifhes comprized within the weekly Dt. IX.  Y  *  bills

32* Anno qtnnto & facto Gulielmi & Marie. c.m. [ify,

Wbatiban be ^ills of mortality; and that the number of all hacknej-oadid , lb to be licenced, Hull not exceed seven hundred; aadforere

mud to the King far every

txfXedmdhy €i7W. 3.

c. it. r. )#.

Further prwi-

niSL ' <7 licence fo to be granted for each coach there fitaD kpai1 the faid commiffioners, or Ibme other perfbn to be appomted their Majefties, to receive the fame for their Majefoes aic, di fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Engtai, indootn! by way of nne for such licence; which fum of fifty pounds b! be paid by the perfbn tb be licenfed, before the ficeoKiy || delivered to him: and the faid licences, and evny of tfaa fhall be granted to continue for, and duringthe tern of cam

______  ^  twenty years from the date of each refpe&ve licaw,aio|

‘/kmt cmctrvjfg longer, and (hall not afterwards be renewed, or conoareiEi badtm-nmbft any longer time $ neither (hall any licence be granted inreq 9 An"*e* •*• Gon, to commence after the determination of others: Adf f.°i5fc.n C ** 00 every of the hud licences, there (hall he referred, a a* Geo. 1. (lit, made payable unto their Majefties, their heirs and fbatfei

s.c. 57. the yearly rent or fum of four pounds, payable qaarttrtj no *<rwI‘C‘7‘ four more ufual feafts of the year, (that is to 6y) the faid lsueai.cis. Michatl tjje archangel, of the nativity of oorLordOr^ofs annunciation of the blefled Virgin  , and of themiiny!

Saint John Baptift, with such covenants, condmcmaljr viibes therein to be infested for the more effeftualpaymenttba of, as the faid commiffioners in their diferetion uaO iota

IV.  And be further enabled. That the (aid commilmi tage-coacha appointed, (hall have power and authority, and are berebra font year. powered and required under their hands and (cals, orthebf and feals, of the major part of them to licence all thge-cxi which (hall be kept or driven in any place or places meet kingdom of England, dominion of traits and tom of id upon Twted; and that no licence to be granted for k coach (hall continue or be in force longer than fa or:? from the date thereof; that upon every licence fo to be p for keeping or driving a ftage-coach, there be referved jnjibi their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, the rentormiifi of eight pounds of lawful EngEJb money for one p, the fern be paid quarterly at the faidfour moft ufual feafts of Arp,< such covenants, provifoes and conditions for the more rtfs w»rCm 1* payment thereof, as the laid commiffioners in their difa fcdboAftaaethink fit and reafonable; that every perfonliceti, hackney aforesaid, to keep or drive any hackney-coach or fbjws may, by writing under his hand and feal, affign, or Ik b will in writing devife his, her, or their refpedire ia therein, and in default of such affigntnent or devife, ik ecutors or adminiftrators of the perions to whom fodilcEi are granted, (hall be intituled thereto during the refid* s refpeftive intereft therein, and the fame (hail be acctmid fets in their hands; that an entry (hall be made ofoml affigntnent in fome book or books to be kept by the tod miffioners for that purpose; which entry (hall benafcq fee or reward, to which book or books every perfon can fhall have free accefe to infpeft the lams at all feafonablen

Rate to the

King*

may grant < devife.

Alignment entredio the coranriffion-er’ibook.

94'] Annoquinto&fcxtoGuuELMi &Marijb. c.22.  323

hout fee or reward; and that eveiy legatee, executors or ad- Executors, liftrators claiming title to any fucn licence, under any will or to ciders of adminiftratibn, (hall within fixty days after the deceafe such teftator or inteftate, produce More the (aid commit lers, such probate or letters of adminiftration or exemplifi-on thereof.

f. And be it further enafted, That from and after the four Five pound* twentieth day of June, one thoufend fix hundred ninety pc«?hy upon r, no perfon or perfons (hall prefume to drive or let to hire the hour or day, or otherwife, any hackney-coach or coach- ^fhoutH-fes, within the cities of London or Wefiminjtery or fuburbs of cence. fame, or within the pari(hes or places comprifed within the Salk. 61*.

» of mortality, nor (hall prefume to drive or let to hire as a-:faid, any ftage-coach or coach-horfes, in any place within kingdom of England, dominion of Wales^ or town of 2fer-t upon Tweed, without such leave or licence first obtained n the faid commiflioners, as aforesaid, according to the par-lar provifions and limitations of this aft, upon pain to for-for every such offence the fum of five pounds : And that no Coach-horfes fe, gelding or mare, to be ufed with any hackney or ftage- to be fourteen ches, (hall be under the fize of fourteen nands high, accord- hand$ hl&h* to the ftandard: And that every coach fo licenfed, (hall have a coaches to be :k of diftinftion by figure or otherwife, as the (aid commit figured, lers (hall think fit; and the faid mark (hall be placed on each : of every such coach, in the moft convenient manner to be en notice of, to the end they may be known if any complaint 11 be made of them, and tnat no perfon (hall be licenfed to No psrfon to p more than two hackney-coaches; which coaches (hall have h*ve raore ry one of them feveral figures or marks of diftinftion, in the hickney^ e manner as if they did belong to feveral perfons; and that coaches/ perfon (hall put the fame figure or mark of diftinftion upon coach that is appointed for any other coach, nor (hall blot , obliterate, alter or deface the figure or mark of diftinftion ointed by the faid commiflioners for his coach, under the eiture of five pounds for every such offence, one moiety ereof (hall be to the informer, and the other moiety to the of their Majefties; and the faid commiflioners for licenfing Ancient I regulating of coaches, are hereby required in the first place ^ach-mcn, icenfe all such perfons as have been ancient coachmen, who formerly had licences by aft of parliament, or the widow widows ot any of them, unlefs they (hall negleft or refufe to e such licences upon the refpeftive terms hereby allowed, hin a reafonable time to be limited by the faid commiflioners,

: lefs than twenty days.

if I. And be it further enafted, That if any commiflioner fo Penalty upon minted, (hall grant licences for more than the number of fe- commiflioners 1 hundred hackney-coaches, as before is direfted, or to*ll Sweden nt any licence for any hackney-coach or ftage-coach, for any hundred, ger time than is herein before direfted for hackney-coaches 1 ftage-coaches refpeftively, he (hall forfeit for every such of-ce, one hundred pounds, to be profecuted and recovered by

Y 2  any

3H Annoquinto&fcxtoGuUELMi&MARiit. c.22. [1694.

any perion who will fue for the lame, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record at fVeJlminJitTy in which no efibtn, prote&ion, wager of law, privilege, or more than one imparlance thall be granted or allowed.

Rates of hack- VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ney coaches. That no hackney-coachman fo licenfed, nor the driver of such coach (hall prefume to take for his hire m and about the cities of London and  or  within ten miles thereof, above

the rate of ten (hillings for a day, reckoning twelve hours to the day, and by the hour not above eighteen pence for the M hour, and twelve pence for every hour after; and that no gentleman or other perion (hall pay from any of the inns of court or thereabouts, to any part of Saint James's or city of Wtflminjltr (except beyond Tuttle-Street) above twelve pence, and the fame prices from the fame places to the inns of court or places thereabouts, and from any of the faid inns of court or thereabouts, to the Royal Exchange, twelve pence; and if to the Tower of London or to Bi/bopfgate-Street or Aldgate or thereabouts eighteen pence; and fo from the fame places to the laid inns of court, as aforesaid, and the like rates from and to any place at the like Penalty upon diftance with the places before mentioned. And if any coach-coachmen ex- man refute to go at, or (hall exa61 more for his hire than ing more. ^ fCV€rai ratcs hereby limited, he (hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

Commifiion- VIII. And be it further enaded. That the faid commiffioners point under may aPP°*nt fach other officer or officers under them, as they officers who Ihall find neceflary for the carrying on the faid fervice, with such are to take no moderate allowances as (hall be fit, and the laid commiffioners fee except as. and other officers under them, and every of them, are hereby mce°r thC *" required not to take or demand, dire&ly or indirectly, of any perfon for their licences, any fum of money, or other gratuity7 or confideration whatfoever, other than what is herein directed to be paid to their Majefties, nor to take or demand any fee or reward from any perfon or perfons, for any thing by them to be done in execution of their refpedtive offices or employments, other than from their Majefties, their heirs and fucceflors, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence their refpe&ive offices and employments, and to be incapable of any new grant thereof , except only that it lhall be lawful for the clerks for their pains in writing and ingroffing each licence, to have and receive the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners,and every of them, and every officer to beappointed under them, (hall, before two or more of the faid commiffioners, take an oath for the (due and faithful execution of their refpedtive offices and employ-what oath ments, and (hall likewifetake the oaths appointedby an adt of par-oner^&c! aVt *iamcnt made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled, to take. *  An aft for the abrogating the oaths of fuprcmacy and allegiance, uni

1 w. & M. appointing other oaths; which faid oaths, the faid commiffioners, fcff.». cap. 8. or any two of them, are hereby impowered to adminifler; and

that

94’J Anno quinto & fcxto Gulielmi & Maria, c. 22. 325

t no perfon nor perfons (hall be capable of intermeddling with execution of the powers and authorities by this aft grantor any of theip, other than the power of adminifiring the a-sfaid oaths to their fellow commiflioners, until they (hall have en the faid oaths, as aforefaid.

(. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-at all the fums of money, rents and revenues by this aft  h#

ing, over and above what (hall be fufficient for falaries, and give account :r incident charges for colleftingor managing the fame, (hall of licences an-n time to time be annually paid by the faid commiflioners, nually, such other perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by their jefties, to receive the fame, into the receipt of their Majefiies rhequcr: and the faid commiflioners (ball, upon oath, de-r books of accounts fairly written, containing all the licences ited, and the names ana furnames of the refpeftive perfons whom such licences are granted, and the rents and profits *eby accrued unto the commiflioners of the treafury, or lord ti treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time ig, once in every year, or oftner if required.

Cl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties how at all fines, rents, forfeitures and penalties, that fhall grow be levied, ^nd payable by virtue of this aft, or breach of any orders by-laws, that fhall be made by the faid commiflioners, in fuance of the authority to them given by this aft for that pur-?, (hall be levied by tuflrefs of the gooas and chattels or the :nder or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, which II be fold within ten days, and the overplus (all charges be-allowed) fhall be returned to the owner, and in default of refs or nonpayment, the perfon or perfons neglefting or re-ng to pay, mail, by warrant under the hands and feals of the 1 commiflioners, or any three or more of them, be commit-to prifon, there to continue without bail or mainprize, till or they have paid such rent, fine, forfeiture or penalty, as ; due from him or them.

(II. And be it further enafted. That all the offences againft offences to be > aft, or any thing therein contained (other than the offences determined by :he commiflioners themfelves) fhall be heard and determined jbe commif-a fummary way by the faid commiflioners, or any three or “0IICW* re of them, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefles e party accufed being fummoned to make his defence) or up-the confeflion of the party offending; and one moiety of all : forfeitures and penalties to be incurred by this aft, fhall be their Majefiies, their heirs and fficceflbr6, and the other moic-to the informer.

XIII.  And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per- p*rfons fued is fhall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by for executing n or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, he or a& may

J (ha,l°r “*JthcJe?eral iirue’.a.rtd gi-this aa in f^a^dhave dence for his defence, and if upon a tnal a verdia mall pafs double the defendant or defendants, or judgment (hall be given a-  ’  ■

V 3  gainft

3*6  Anno quin to & fexto Gulielmi  MARLS, ut, [ify

gainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the pUim£ or plaintiffs be nonfuit, difcontinue or forbear profaofote faid actions, then such defendant and defendants M fo> double cofts to him or them awarded againft filch phintil r plaintiffs ; for which cofts he (hall have such remedy asnoth cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

No Ctrt 'uren.  XIV. Provided alfo, and be it exuded, That no writ or 13

of Certiorari (hall fuperfcde execution or other proceedings, sy. on any order or orders made by the faid comnmflionmiiipr. fuance of this ad, but that execution and other proceediipM and may be had and made thereupon, any fachwritorraa allowance thereof notwithftanding.

Commiflion- XV. And be it further enaded by the authority afenfe^ er* may make That for the better regulating and ordering such pains tig 1  “ (hall be licenfed to keep hackney or ftage-coaches, nshtk,

and to prevent difturbances, and other inconvenioias inh ft reefs and high-ways, where fitch coaches (hall food orbedrimi and for pumfhment thereof, it (hall and may be hvfui km faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, from turn time, to make such orders, by-laws and ordinances to bird hi perfons only who (hall have licences to keep coaches, tea cutors, adminiftrators and affigns, and to anon such tends penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, aatotheni their diferetion (hall feem fit, (o as such orders, by-laws ora (finances be made agreeable to the true intent and nakti this ad, and for the better putting in execution tbcnof,udl the good government and regulation of the perioos titedf keep coaches, and fo as they do not cootain any thing npg nant to the laws of the realm. to'b!t,ltt*"ce* XVI. And be it further enaded. That upon paytMia i Ffeveral fums of fifty pounds hereby appointed to be paid si fine upon granting licences, and upon payment of tht raj*® rents thereupon to be referved as they (hall growdut, tisah commiffioners, or such other perfon or perfons vbsMksj pointed, as aforesaid, to receive the feme, (hall girt npkOKi gratis to the refpedive perfons fo paving the fame, rnfek hands and feals, which acquittances (nail be a fuffidanhkkj to the perfons paying the fame.

By-law* to be XVII. Provided neverthelefe, and it is enafted, Thtij a,prV'°Ked b? rules, orders and by-laws fo to be made by theOudcomnife lor, &c? 'and ers> fhall be allowed and approval by the load chancellor,It executed by keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal of £r/Wfol tuAice of  time being, and the two chief juftices of either bench, aril

peace, kc.  jor(j ^jef baron of the Exchequer, or any three of them: I

after such allowance, the fame mall be printed and madept^l and the breach of any of the rules and orders appointed brl a (ft, and the penalties thereupon, and the rules, orders ud| laws to be made by the faid commiffioners, and allowed, si forefaid, and the forfeitures and penalties thereupon, fcl punifhable, and infli<fted, and put in execution by any jdfol the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other magiilrate of the rod

bind the coachmen.

ive

1694.] Anno quinto & facto Gulielmi Sc Marls, c.22.  337

city or place where luch offence (hall be committed, in as full and ample manner, as the laid commifitoners hereby to be appointed might do the fame, and as if the (aid by-laws, rules and orders were particularly infated in this prefent ad; but no perlon (hall be twice punilned for the fiune offence.

XVIII.  And whereas by one ad of parliament made in the One hundred nine and twentieth year of the reign of King  the Second, (event? five

intituled. An afi for the  betterebjeirvatien of tie Lor As day,  .

menJy called Sunday, the (landing to hire and driving of hackney- u'J^the coaches on the Lord’s day are reftrained.j and whereas the (aid Lord’, day', reftraint is many times found to be inconvenient, as well in or- 19 Car. *. dcr to the obfervation of the day, as otherwife, be it therefore c* J* eroded by the authority aforefiud. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid commiffioners toappoint (without any fee or reward for the fiune) one hundred feventy five, and no more of the (aid hackney-coaches to ply, (land and drive on the Lord’s day, within the weekly bills of mortality only, fo as the whole number of seven hundred may be imployed fuccef-lively,

day, other than such as (hall be appointed, as aforesaid, and for die days only for which they (hall be refpedively appointed, as aforesaid, or any where elfe within the weekly bills of mortality, die owner of such coacn (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by such perfon as (hall fue for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection, privilege' or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed. And for the more effectual difcovery of such coaches Printed lift of as (hall offend herein, be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, the Sunday That the (aid commiffioners (hall direct to be printed and made coache*, pubiick, one lift or account of all the particular numbers of such hackney-coaches as (hall be appointed for every Lord’s day fuc-ceflively throughout the year.

XX. And it is hereby further enadted, That an account of Account an-the profits and duties anfing by virtue of this aft, (hall every nual before year, during the continuance thereof, be made up before the au- the auditor*, ditors of tire impreft; and if any perfon or perlons, bodies po- Grant of the litkk or corporate, (hah at any time hereafter procure or accept King void, from their Majefties, their heirs or fuccefibrs, any peniion, gift *n?i500 *• P*‘ or grant for years or life, or any other eftate, or any Aim or 2^t«P°&c. Turns of money out of the revenue ariffng by virtue of this aft,8  ’

that then every such grant (hall be void, and the perfon or perrons procuring or accepting tire fame, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, the one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of the poor of tire panlh where the (aid offender (hall inhabit, and the other moiety to him that (hall fue for the fame, by afkion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of their Majefties courts of record.

CAP,

Anno fextoGuuELMi & Maria, c.i. [165.

cap. xxin.

An aft fpr appointing and enabling commi/K oners to examine, tit, d Hate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad for building good and defenfibfe tup. Builders of 3 decked (hips within ip years to have a tenth part of cdr of goods they export or import for the 3 firt voyages. Ships aa lefs after 3 voyages forfeited.

CAP. XXV.

An ad for the better discipline of their Majefties navy royal. — / continue tn farce for threejemr^ Arc.

Dt Annis Regni GULIELMI & MARE

fexto & feptitno.

AT the parliament begun at Wcfltminftcr tie Win , day of March, Anno Dom. 1689. inthiftctriw of the reign of our fovereign lord and lady, William *5 ]Mary, by the grace of God% of England, Scotland,Fnna and Ireland, King and S(ueen% defenders of the fmi, b and from thence continued by feveral prorogetmnLu journments to the twelfth day of November, 1694, to the fixth feffion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aS for granting to their Majefties a fubfiiy of tmt? and poundage^ and other fums of money payable tpw chandizes exported and imported.

Mojl gracious Sovereigns, fltaJe perpetual r p H E commons, aflembled in parliament, nq% tm 9 Ann/c.V.4' ^ and confidence in your Majefties, for the piling a 3 Geo/j. c. 7. defending of the leas againft all perfons who (haattenpu invade this your realm, or to difturb your fubjedsintern! and commerce, towards the defraying the neceflary cha^tha ' of, and alfo for the better enabling your Majefties toprota the prefent war againg the French King with vigour, have eta fully and unanimouflv given and granted, and do hereby and grant unto your Majefties the fubfidy of tunnageandpa age, and other (urns of money given and panted unto hi. yiCar. 1. c.4. majefty King Charles the Second for his life, by smadotpaj * ment made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, jfy 1 granted to the King of tunnage and poundage * and other fm; :\ ney payable upon merchandize exported and imported^ according 21 rates in the faid ad mentioned, and rules and orderstkra annexed (other than fu$:h concerning which itisotherwib vided or ordained by an ad made in the laft or in this pr« parliament} and do molt humbly befeech your Majefties, til may be epadedj

32*.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

>4-0 Anno fexto Gulielmi & Mari^. c. i.  329

I. And be it enafted by the King’s and Queen’s moft excel- Tunnage and xnajefties, by and witn the advice and confent of the lords ^enft^five itual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament or mbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the afore-fubfidy oftunnageand poundage, and other fums of money able upon merchandize, be levied, collefted and paid unto r Majefties for the term of five years, and no longer, tocom-ice on the twenty fixth day of December, in the year of our ‘d one thousand fix hundred ninety four; and that theafofe-. aft, and every article, rule and claufe therein mentioned,

I alfo an order of the commons in parliament aflembled, made purfuance of the rules and orders annexed to the aforefaid , for fettling of officers fees, dated the feventeenth of May,

\ thousand fix hundred fixty two, and figned by Sir Edward „ Car. ».c.+. mner then fpeaker, (hall be of full force and effeft to all in- revived, ts and purposes, during the faid term of five years, as fully 1 in like manner, as if the fame were particularly and at large ited and fet down in the body of this aft.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Several a^s tat an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign revived for 5 the faid King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft to prevent years. uds and concealments of his Majeftfs cuftoms and fubfidses: As i»Car.*.c.i9.. :> an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of the faid *4Car. a. e King, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating 1,,cir,*.c.i3. ffes in bis Majeftfs cuftoms: and alfo an aft made in the o and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles 5 Second, intituled, An aft for improvement of tillage, and the *ed of cattle: and alfo one other aft made in the twenty fifth ir of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, inti-*s Car. a. c.6. led, An aft for taping off aliens duty upon commodities of the growth, dtifty and manufafturt of the nation: and alfo one other aft ade in the faid twenty fifth year of the faid late King Charles 15 Car. a. c.y. s Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Green-id and Eaftland trades, ana for the better fecuring the plantation ide: and alfo one other aft made in the first year or the late ing fames the Second, intituled. An additional aft for improve- % jac. ». c. 19. *nt of tillage, be of full force and effeft during the faid term of e years. Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared and en-fcea, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued or taken determine any articles or claufes in any of the before men->ned afts, which were appointed and intended to be perpetual,

* which are continued by any aft of parliament, for any time hich will not expire witnin tne faid term of five years, but that ie fame and every of them (hall continue and remain in force,

; if this prefent aft had not been made; but such of the faid Sts, and such claufes in any of them, as would otherwife de-rmine within the faid term of five years, (hall hereby be reived, and fiand, continue, and be in force for the faid term of ve years only, and no longer.

IV.  Provided neverthelcfs, and be it further enacted by the Goods landed Uthority aforesaid, That if any goods, wares oj merchandize, upon 15 De,

,  (hall  c-mber to pay

Commiffion-ersand officer* •f cuftoms to take oath of execution upon penalty of Jbrfeitinjg r office.

Certificate of oath taken to be returned to the feilioni.

■ Anno facto Gullbxmi & Marije. c.x. [i6$l

(hall happen to be imported into this kingdom aps the 6n and twentieth day of December, one thou fend fix bnuMimety four, and not landed or put on (hore upon the laid day,

(aid goods fo imported, and not landed, (hall be fobjcQ bod like duties, rates, payments and penalties, as if the fine bd been imported after the commencement of this grant j anythsg herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiog.

V.  And be it further enaftea by the authority afarefekk Tht two of their Majefiies commifiioners of the cnihnu, firfisasd in the commiflion, whereby they are now authorized to tot, (hall rcfpeflively take their corporal oaths before tbe chmxior or chief baron of the Exchequer, or mailer of the rolls iiie time being; which they and every of them refpectrrdj r. hereby authorized and required toadminifter to diem, on ark-fore the first day of Jammy next enfuing, for the true ad faithful execution, to the beft of their knowledge and power, ci their feveral refpeflive trufts committed to their charge and i&-fpedion, and that they will not take or receive any reward a gratuity, direftly or indiredly, other than their rdpeffire bh ties, and what is or (hall be allowed than from the atm, or the regular fees eftabli(hed by law, for any ferviee done er id fat done m the execution of their employment in the cuftoau, cc any account whatibever. And every other of the feid cooaifi-oners, and the patent officers, and every of their deputies, dab or fervants, and all other officers who have or (hall have anyta-. ployment in or about their Majefties cuftoms within the pen a London, (hall before the first day of February next enduing, ora their refpeflive ad millions hereafter to their refpeflive ea^foy-ments, take the (aid oath before any two commiffioocn d At cuftoms, who are hereby authorized to adminifterthe dames-to them, after they (hall themfelves have taken the food ah a aforefaid. And all and every such other patent officers, ad every of their deputies, clerks or fervants, and all other ofiom who have or (hall have any employment in or aboutebek Majefties cufto/ns in the out-ports, or elfewhere, (hall before the five and twentieth day of March next enfuing, or to that rc-fpeftive admiffions into their refpeflive employments, taketh laid oath before two juftices of the peace, in the county, tows, or place, where his or their employments (hall be, whan hereby authorized and required to aaminifter the feme aenrd-ingly. And when any new commifiion (hall be at any time her after made or granted for the conftituting of commiffiancn i the cuftoms, the feid oath (hall be adminiftred and taken ink manner by the feveral and refpeflive new commiflioners, as c before direfled. And if any of the feid commifiioners or often, their deputies, clerks or fervants, (hall neelefl or refofe tori; the faid oath in such manner as is hereby direfled and *ppoc ed, every such peribn fo refufing or neglefting (hall forfeit fca his ofiice or employment.

VI.  And be it further cnafled by theauthority aforesaid, Tst the perfons hereby refpeflively authorized ana required to *J-minifter the oath hereby appointed fo be taken, (hall certify S

>94'] Anno faao Gulielmi & Maru, c. 2.  jji

king thereof to the next general quarter feffions of the peace,

1 be held for the county, city or place, where such oath (hall : adtniniftred and taken; which certificate (hall be recorded id kept amongft the rolls of the (aid general quarter (effions.

VII.  And lead any doubt (hould arife by the intermiflion or Debenture!, (continuance of the duties hereby granted, whether debentures &e. due fince r any goods and merchandize exported, or any allowances or  1+»

>atements for anydamage or defeats upon any goodsor merchan-  p

ze imported, or for over-entries, which according to the ordinary lurfe of the cuftoms ought to nave been made or paid, (hail : due and payable out of the duties hereby granted; it is here-r further enadled, That all such debentures, allowances and latements, as have incurred or grown due, according to the immoQ rules and courfc of the cuftoms, fince the tour and rentieth day of  December, in the year of our Lord one thousand

c hundred and ninety, (hall (till remain due and payable, and : allowed in their ordinary courfc, as if no (uch intermiifion or fcontinuance had been made.

CAP. TL

bo off for  the frequent muting and calling of parlia-

ments,

JITHERE,AS  bytheancient laws, end  this hng- Parliament to

vV  dam, frequent parliaments ought to he held', and  hsWdcaeo

•equent and new parliaments tend very much to the happy union and *%^7**”'

1odagreementof the King and people; we your Majefties moft loyal *  c- itl

id obedient (ubjedls, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- 16 Car. •. c. 1. tons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, do moft humbly be- * W. M. £ ech your moft excellent Majefties, that it may be declared and V c* i ladled in this prefent parliament5 and it is hereby declared and c. jsV ladled by the King’s and Queen’s moft excellent majefties, by id with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tern- emtmufir oral, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and y the authority of the fame. That from henceforth a parliament tall be holden once in three years at the lead.

II.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That Writs to be >ithin three years at the fartheft, from and after the diflolution jffued outonce f this prefent parliament, and fo from time to time for ever,n * yesr,‘ ereafter, within three years at the fartheft, from and after the etermination of every other parliament, legal writs under the

reat leal (haII"be ifiued by diredtions of your Majefties, your eirs and fuccefibrs, for calling, afiembling and holding another tew parliament.

III.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That No parliament rom henceforth no parliament whatfoever, that (hall at any to laft longer ime hereafter be called, afiembled or held, (hall have any con- t,,*n * inuance longer than for three years only at the.fartheft, to be

ccounted from the day on which by the writs of fummons the tid parliament (hall be appointed to meet.

IV.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That Prefentparlia-

this

Ships for cnufen appointed.

332 Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi IIL c. 3.  [16;

mmt to ceafe this prefent parliament (hall ceafe and determine on tkH 61 1 Afaamr, November^ which (hall be in the year of ourLofdoK^! 1 9 '  fand  fix  hundred  ninety fix, unlefs their Majefties (hallthi^

to difiblve it fooner.

cap. in.

An abt for granting to bis Majesty an aidof four fa&qi the pound for one year; find for applying the jeer) j» j /Are* hundred tboufand pounds for five jeers, outii* duties of tonnage and poundage\ and other Jims of m payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, jet * tying on the war again/t France with vigour.

LXXIV. A ND for the betterfecuring the trade

il be it further enafted by the authority afere&id^Tlj over and above the (hips of war for the line of battle, indforon voys to remote parts, at the lead four (hips of the third rat, fats (hips of the fourth rate, thirteen (hips of the fifth me, andid (hips of the fixth rate, (hall be from time to time tod a appointed by the lord high admiral of England^ or cmflkn ers for executing the (aid office for the time being, to&ehprc per Rations as they (hall deem meet, to cruife for fanned merchant (hips in their going out and returning home.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enafted, Thatno^ in this aft contained, (hall reftrain or be conftnicd to rdba the lord high admiral of England, or the commiffionenforea cuting the office o f the lord high admiral of£^JW,fortbca being, from direfting any of the (hips, appointed bythisxn be cruifers, to be imployed in the line of battle in cafes of p neceffity.

LXXVI.1 And whereas feveral perfons who did cootrita advance, or pay feveral of the fums of money which to* la contributed, advanced or paid, upon an aft for granny © did Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tunnageotlhipsarai^j and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring cemin rc compences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fo perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteaWi thousand pounds towards carrying on the war again# annuities, (hares or dividends upon the feveral yearly of ten, twelve, and fourteen pounds per centum in the fixir mentioned, did not name to the auditor of the receipt, ordJ of the pells in the receipt of the Exchequer, by or within^ refpeftive times by the (aid aft appointed, the refpeftWe h during which such dividends, (hares or annuities relpcft were to continue; it is hereby further enafted and providesj the authority aforefaid. That if such perfons, or my of tin (hall at any time or times, before the twentieth day dm one thousand fix hundred ninety four, nominate to theaudito:i the receipt, or clerk of the pells in the faid Exchequer, 4f.j (peftive lives (their own or others) during which such divide^ (hares or annuities (hould continue refpeftively; -that then,

Cnufen may be imployed

333

>94>] Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi HI. 0.3.

every fiich cafe, his, her, or their nominees (hall be entred the books kept in the faid receipt for the nominees; and eve* such contributor or contributors, his, her, and their execu-rs, adminiftrators or afligns refpeftively, (hall have, receive, d enjoy such and the like dividends, (hares or annuities, for d in refpeft of the monies fo contributed, advanced or paid, he, (he or they might, (hould or ought to have had, received enjoyed, in cafe the refpeftive lives for the fame had been mcd within the refpeftive times by the faid aft prefcribed j any ng in this or the faid former a& contained to the contrary twithftanding.

LXXVII. Apd whereas by an aft of this prefent feflion of Appropria-rliament, entituled, An ail for granting to their Majejties a fub- tion ot f of tunnage and poundage, and other fonts of money payable upon 1150000I. up* 'ebandizes exported and imported, the fubfidy of tunnage and tunnage mdage, and otherduties payable upon merchandizes export* *** poundage, and imported, are granted to his Majesty for the term of five irs, to commence upon the fix and twentieth day of December,

5 thousand fix hundred ninety and four: be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and ifentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in 5 prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the ie, That, from and after the five and twentieth day of De~ bery one thousand fix hundred ninety and four, the yearly 1 of three hundred thousand pounds of lawful Englijh money, t of the monies arifing by the faid aft, (hall by the receiver receivers general, now and for the time being, of the cuf-is, fubfidies, and other duties upon goods and merchandizes sorted and exported, or to be imported and exported, be ught and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, diftinftly feparately from all other monies whatlbever, that are or 1 be payable into the (aid receipt and that the payments of faid yearly fum of three hundred thousand pounas (hall be ie into the (aid receipt in manner following, that is to fay, the thirteenth day of February, one thousand fix hundred sty and four, fomuch as the weekly fum of five thousand fix idfred pounds, to be computed from the faid five and twen-i day of December, until the faid thirteenth day of February,

1 amount unto, and afterwards, upon Wednefday in every week t be not a holyday, and if it be, then upon the next day in y such week that is not an holiday) the weekly fum of five jfand fix hundred pounds (hall be paid, as aforesaid, as one k (hall fuccefiively and immediately follow or fucceed after ther, during the whole term of five years by the laft meo-ed aft granted ; and in cafe in any week or weeks, the whole ipt of the monies upon the fame aft (hall not be fufficient to ver the weekly payment or payments hereby direfted for , particular week or weeks, that then, and fo often the defi-cy and deficiencies thereof (hall be fupplied and made good of the whole receipts of cuftoms, fubfidies, and other duties 1 the aft lad mentioned, arifing m the next week or weeks,

when

334

Anno ftxto & fcptim© Gulielmi m. tj. (tfy

when the receipt or receipts will be fbfficientto bear the fan;, and that on every fcaft day of the annunciation of the te&rf virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint Baptifi, Saint A&’x. the archangel, and the both of our Lord drift, during the fe term of five years* or within fourteen day after every nich fc fo much money (hall be paid into die laid receipt bit1? find receiver or receivers general* out of die monies arifiig!* the a& laft mentioned, as together with the (aid weekly ment which (hall have been made, (hall oompkatly nnh^ (atisfy* and difeharge the entire fura af (twenty five thctU pounds* for each and every die refpe&ive quarter oofocktd day ending j and that the laid yearly fum of three bate thoufiuid pounds, and every part thereof* (hall beippidr' difpofed, and the fame is hereby appropriated for an towrs the payment and fatisfaddon of the ram* not cxcreding tan hundred and fifty thousand pounds* hereby authorized to It borrowed thereupon, and the intereft thereof as is boon at mentioned; one moiety of which twelve hundred andfifytta-fand pounds (hall be, and is hereby appropriated to the afoot the navy and ordnance for fea fervke* and the other moiety fa die land fervice.

LXXVIII. And for the better and mom (peedyfeppimb ^”* ”5*** Majelty with monies, for die more dfe&tml earning on fit Mge and "war againft the French King* it is hereby further enacted, by At poundage, the authority aforeftid* That it (hall and maybe hwfid, ton for his Majesty, or foe officers of the Exchequer by Us coons and appointment, to borrow, receive* and take, at the kb? of the Exchequer* by way of loan* from any peribn or pete, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, that at, <r (hall be willing to lend the fame, any fum or (urns of noon, not exceeding the bid fum of twelve hundred and fifty thrate pounds,upon credit of the (aid yearlyfum ofthree hundred ttafc pounds hereby appropriated, and to be fupplied horns, fubfidies, or other duties as are before mentioned; and that tallies of loan (hall be levied for all and every fum md fists of money fo to be lent; and that orders, according to fie cote of the Exchequer, (hall be drawn, figned and iflued fir thetepn-ment of the fame, and for payment of intereft for the forbearance of every such fum of money, which intereft (hall not a-ceed the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the fo: three hundred thousand pounds; fix pounds per

Hum for the fecond three hundred thousand pounds; seven potraL per centum per annum for the third three hundred thousand poata and eight pounds per centum per annum for the remaining fe hundred and fifty thousand pounds; and (hall be payable rnr three months from the refpe&ive dates of the tallies of loan, x-til the fatisaf&ion of the refpe&ive principal fums; and in err such order it (hall be expreued, and mentioned, that the priac-pal fum contained therein, and the intereft thereof, (hall be pc.

- or payable out of the (aid yearly fum of three hundred thoufc:

pote,

>94*]  Anno facto & feprimo Gulielmi III. c. 3.  ^35

mnds, hereby appropriated and appointed to be paid and (up* icd out of die cuftoms, fubfidies, or other duties, as afore* d; and all and every such order or orders, and the monies erem to be contained, or any part thereof, fiiall be affignable id transferable without power of revocation, fo as the affign-ents thereof be endorfed upon the refpeftive orders, and en-rd or notified in the office (of the auditor of the receipt of the icchequer, in a book to be there kept for that purpose: and that I and every the fum and Anns of money fb to be lent to his Maty, upon the credit of the faid yearly fum of three hundred ' oufand pounds, (hall be free from all manner of taxes and im-iitions, impofed, or to be impofed by parliament, or other* ife howfoever.

LXXIX. And to the end that all the monies hereby appro- Re ^ iated or appointed, as aforesaid, towards the fatisfaftion of the leyforder, See. d fum, not exceeding twelve hundred and fifty thousand upon tonnage iunds, hereby authorized to be borrowed, and the intereft andpoundage. ereof, may be duly applied thereunto, and not diverted to any her ufe, be it furtner enafted by the authority aforesaid, That ere (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of e receipt of Exchequer, one book and regifter, in which all e weekly and other payments which (hall be made into the Ex-equer, For, or upon the faid yearly fum of three hundred thou-nd pounds, payable out of the faid cuftoms, fubfidies, or her duties, as aforesaid, (hall be entred and regiftred apart, d feparate from all other monies payable into the faid receipt, d that a diftinft regifter (hall be there kept for all the orders repayment for the faid fum, not exceeding twelve hundred d fifty thousand pounds, in which the faid orders fhall be retired in courfe, according; to the date of the tallies refpeftive-> without any other preference of one before another: and at all and every perfon and perfons fhall be paid in courfe, ac-rding as their orders fhall ftand entred in the faid regifter ok, fo as a perfon, native or foreigner, his executors, admi-irators and aifigns, who fhall have his order or orders first en-jd in the (aid book of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted e first perfon to be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue this aft, and he or they who fhall have his or their order or ders next entred, fhall be taken and accounted to be the fecond rfon to be paid,, and fo fucceffively, and in courfe; andthat c monies to come in by the purport or direftions of this aft,

, or for the faid yearly fum of three hundred thousand pounds, all be in the fame oraer liable to the fatisfaftion of the refpeo e lenders, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns fuccef-ely, according to the dates of their tallies, without any other sference of one before another, and fhall not be diverted or rertible to any other ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever; and it no fee, reward or gratuity, direftly or indireftly, be deluded or taken for providing or making of any books, entries, jitters, views, or fearch, in or for payment of money lent* on the faid yearly fum of three hundred thousand pound;, or

in-

3 36  Anno  fexto  & fcptimo Gulielmi UL c. 3. [r6jt

intereft, as aforesaid, by any of his Majcfty*a officer or efe, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble (ks^i to the party agrieved by the party offending, with coftsoii or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or itni then to lofe his place alfo; and if any unaue preference of qk before another (hall be made, either in point of regftrv or pigment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, in reference the faid yearly fum of three hundred thouhnd pounds, ak principal or intereft to be paid out of the fame, by anv fucbS cer or officers, then the party offending, (hall be liable bra of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the dcbt,diE3 or cofts to the party aggrieved, and (hall be forejudged froa*^ place or office; and ifliich preference be unduly made b} q his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his me, then such deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to such m, debt, damages and cofts, and (hall be for ever after unojabh' his place or office. And in cafe the auditor (hall notdnedtk order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make ment according to each perfon’s due place and order, ss me directed, in reference to the faid yearly fum of three bW thousand pounds, or the (aid principal and intereft tobeped out of the fame, then he or they (hall be adjudged to their refpe&ive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be lux to such adtion, debt, damages s*nd cofts in such manner, a$ib faid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, and damages, it incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any tot puties or clerks, (hall and may be recovered, by affiooottt bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeffy’s courts afrecord at JVcJlminJlery wherein no effoin, proteftion, pnrjfc wager of law, injunction or order of reftraint, (hall be is q wife granted or allowed.

Preference. LXXX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, Tkr it happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for rejam*' money lent upon the yearly fum before mentioned, beard-re, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be re-giftred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue prefim,*bk!a of those he entred firft, fo he enters them all the (beta.

Preference. LXXXI. Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted d undue preference to incur any, penalty in point of the paymen laft mentioned, if the auditor direeft, or the clerk of the w record, and the tellers do* pay fubfequent orders of perfoasra come and demand their monies, and bring their order toother perfons that did not come to demand their money, d bring their order in their courfe, fo as there be fo much referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not beod wife difpofed, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan bid ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in Isa for them.  I

Draw backs LXXXII. Provided always. That any thing in this adoj and fabrics tained concerning the faid weekly payments to be made intod laved. receipt of the Exchequer, or otherwife, (hall not be cord

337

94<] Anno fexto & fepdtho G<jli£lMI III. c.

{obftruft or hinder the payment of debentures for goods to , refhipt, or the allowances for damaged goods, or the pay-;:nt or (Maries, or other incident charges neceflary for the ma-jement of the revenue of cuftoms, in any manner of wife; this ' or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-iding.

LXXXVIIL And to the end that all petfotis that (hall have Account to bd ' receipt or payment of his Majesty’s revenue, may render an given of bank ount of the intereft that (hall arife by the bills or notes, com-nly called bank bills, while they (hall remain in their hands, "it upon them I of all other profit made by them, of any of his Majesty’s ney, be itenafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and r the twentieth day of February, one thousand fix hundred ety and four, the receiver general of the cuftoms, and his uties, the calhier of the excife and his deputy, receivers ge-d of all aids granted, or to be granted to his Majesty, (hall )unt upon oath, before the barons of his Majesty’s court of rhequer, for all intereft that (hall arife by virtue of the bank 5 they (hall take in payment for any cuftoms, aids, or other ies belonging to his Majesty, or of tank bills by them taken any monies by them paid into the bank of Englandy which lies they received for any such cuftoms, aids or duties,.as efaid, from the time they received the fame bank bills, un-ayment made of such monies into the receipt of his Majesty’s hequer; and that the tellers of his Msyefty’s Exchequer and r deputies, (hall in like manner account, upon oath, for all reft that (hall arife by virtue of the bank bills they (hall take ayment upon his Majesty’s account, during the time they I remain in their hands j and the pay-mafter of the army his ca(hiers, the agents to regiments, treafurer of the navy his ca(hiers, the calhiers to the vidtuallers, and caftiiers to ordnance, in like manner, lhall account upon oath for all eft that (hall arife by virtue of the bank bills they (hall take lyment upon his Majesty’s account, or which they (hall, take i payment into the bank of any monies by them received for dtajefty’s fervice, from the time they received the fame, un-lyment be made by them of the monies for which such bank are given, to the feveral perfons to whose ufe.the faid mo-was iflued by the lords of his Majesty’s treafury, or their >tance of such bank bills in fatisfa&ion of the money due em j and that the faid feveral perfons beforementioned, (hall nto the Exchequer for his Majesty’s ufe, all such intereft of • profit as (hall be found upon such their accounts to have receivpd; every such account to be made at the time they : and give in their accounts, touching their receipts of his fty’s money \ and if any of the faid perfons beforemention-hall neglect to account, as aforesaid, or to pay into the Ex-ler the monies found due upon such their account, they forfeit five hundred pounds.

,1.. IX.  Z  LXXXIX,

338  Anno  fexto & fcptimo Gulielmi III. C.4. [16^

Account to be LXXXIX. And that it may the better appear how the ferric given of the l1} this prefent aft appointed for (hips to cruife in proper fa-cruifen (U- tions, tofecure the merchants (hips in their going out a&dmara-tions, &c. to ing home is performed, be it enacted by the authority aftxett, ne^parlia- That the lord high admiral of England* or commiffioncnfbrex ecuting the office of lord high admiral of England for the not being, fhall, and are hereby refpedtively required to exhibit to & commons afTembled in parliament, at the next feffion ofpar!* ment, which lhall happen after the first day of Auguft* one tkw-fand fix hundred ninety and five, a certificate in writing, ©da his or their hands refpeCtively, of the (hips by him or thare-fpe&ively fet out in purfuance of the directions of this pda* aCt, expreffing therein the names and rates of the fhipsfccu, and the times when by him or them refpeCtively ordered, asi fo the ftations to which they were directed, and the tunes fa long they were continued at fea in that fervice.

CAP. IV.

An aff for exempting apothecaries from ferving tbtefets i conftabfe* fcavenger* and other parijb and ward frz and from ferving upon juries.

WHEREAS the art of the apothecary is of gnat anipsri: and benefit, by reafon of their confiant and necejfarj ojfc. to his Majejlfs fubjefts, which Jbould oblige them filefy tirtcJ:. duty of their profeffions; yet by reafon that they are comfcM tiyr. feveral parijh, ward* and leet offices* in the places where thq t, and are frequently fummoned to ferve on juries and iilquijk, sr. take up great part of their time, they cannot perform the trs/h rrf* in them as they ought, nor attend the fick with such Mgcmai t* quired: and whereas King James the Firjl* by his letterifeuxrs* der the great feal ^England, did incorporate the apkb&itsexr\ cifing that art within London and /even miles compofi tytk rm ' of the mafter, wardens, and focietyof the artandoyferf oiib Apothecaries apothecaries of the city of London : within Lon- II. Be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod excdkrAtn^ don, and 7 fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpfo miles thereof, anj temporal, and common^, in this prefent parliamentuz Scelu r°m an^ ty tbc authority of the fame, That all and even ;c fonand perions, ufing and exercifing, or that hereafta kalis andexercife, the art of an apothecary within the faidetr: London, and seven miles thereof; being free of the (aid lots and who already have been, or hereafter (hall be duly exaas , of his (kill in the faid myftery, and (hall b£ approved of for: fame, and every of them, for fo long as he or they (hall ufer exercife the faia art and no longer, (hall and may at all ts hereafter be freed and exempted from the feveral offices of a: (table, fcavenger, overfeer of .{he poor, and all other par.’

u

339

1694*] Anno fcxto & fcptimo Gulielmi III c. 4.

ward, and leet offices, and of and from the being put into or ferving upon any juries or inquefts 5 and if at any time hereafter any such perfon or perfons ufingthe faid art, and being qualified asaforefaid, (hall be chofenor elefted into any of the faid offices, or returned, required, or appointed to ferve in any jury, leet, or inqueft, or be difquieted or difturbed by reafon thereof, that then such perfon or perfons, producing a teftimonial under the common feal of the faid corporation, of such his examination, approbation, and freedom, to the perfon or perfons, by whom he (hall be fo elected or appointed, or by or before whom he (hall be fo fummoned, returned, or required to ferve or hold any of the faid offices or duties, (hall be abfolutely discharged from the fame, and such nomination, election, return, and appointment (hail be utterly void, and of none cffeft; any order, cultom, law, or ftatute, to the contrary in' any wile notwithftanding.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Country apo-all perfons ufing and exercifing, or that hereafter (hall ufe and ^canes^who exercife the faid art of an  within  any  other  parts of

this kingdom, dominion ________ >r  town of Berwick upon *d from

Tweed, and who have been brought up and ferved, or hereaf- ces. ter lhall be brought up and ferve in the faid art as an apprentice, by the fpace of seven years, according to the ftatute of the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, (hall likewife from henceforth be freed and exempted from all and fingular the offices and duties afore- 5 El. c. 4. faid, within the feveral counties, cities, and places, where they live and inhabit, for fo long as he or they (hall ufe and exercife the faid art, and no longer; and if any perfon or perfons fo qualified (hall be elefted or chofen into any of the faid offices, or returned to ferve in any iury, leet, or inqueft, such nomination, election, return, and appointment, (hall be void, unlefs such perfon or perfons (hall voluntarily confent and agree to hold such office, or ferve upon such jury, leet, or inqueft. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued Apothecaries to exempt or excufe any apothecary that is or (hall, before the  chofcn

commencement of this aft, be elefted or appointed to ferve any  ^  *

of the faid offices, from ferving in the faid offices for the ufusu continue 7 time for which he was fo elefted and appointed. Provided al- years, ways. That this aft (hall continue for the fpace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the next fcflion of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 9 Geo. i. c. 8. /. 1.

Z2

CAP.

340

4&5w.*m.

C. 3.

c. so.

Annofexto&fcptimo GulielMI III, C: 5, [ify CAP. V.

An aft for enabling fucbpcrfons as have efiates for lift fici-nuities, fay able by feveralformer afts therein mentmd, s« pur chafe and obtain further or more certain interefts a 6a annuities \ and in default thereof for admitting other fo-fins to fur chafe or obtain the fame, for raifing monies [n carrying on the war againft France.

WHEREAS in and by an aft of this prefentparliament mb ari fiffion which was held in the fourth andfifth years if to nip of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for gnmi^ta their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ak, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advrn-ges, in the laid aft mentioned, to foch perfons as (hall volumr-ly advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards cr-tying on the war againft France, certain rates or duties if excifi *r. beery ale, vinegary cyder, perry, brandy, and other liquors ercsmzx-tiesy therein enumerated and mentionedy are granted, charged, mdmk payable, during the jpace and term of ninety and nine years, mum-ing from the five and twentieth day of January, in the jtx nr Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and two, which rates sr hu are thereby appointed to be levied, colleftcd, and paid, dmisigihyi term of ninety and nine years, and to be brought into the mips Exchequer, in such manner and form, and by Jucb rules, wji,« means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as in and tytkjzi aft are preficribea, mentionedy or referred unto : and it was tl&h1 cnafted, That it Jbould or might be lawful for any perfms, natkca foreigners, to contribute towards the advancing the Jum oftenis&d thousand pounds for the pwrpofes therein mentioned, by paying into ik > ceipt of Exchequer, such jum or fums of money, by Jucb time, edfr on such terms refpeftively, as in the find aft are particularly metnM and exprejfed:

II. And whereas by another aft of this prefent parliament, mb in 1 fiffion held in the fiftband fixth years rf the reign of King William id Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties te> veral rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips, and veflels, and ufc beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences aX advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to such perfons as luntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, wards carrying on the war againft France, divers imtoftim, rzt and duties, for and upon the tunnage of such Jbips and vejfelsa$areilr\ mentioned, are granted and made payable, during the term of four ys commencingfrom the firfi day of June, in the year ofour Lord cm ;;i find fix hundred ninety four: and it was thereby further enaftci, 7 from and after the feventeenth day of May, which Jbould be in tti 1 of our Lor done thousandfix hundred ninetyfeven, there JbouLiht *v levied, colleftcd,, and paid to his Majefiy and the late Queen (of memory) their heirs andfiuccejfiors, for beer, ale, cyder and site quors therein exprejfed, by way of excife, certain additional rau. 1 duties therein particularly exprejfed; and th/e faid impoftions, riv duties, Jo to arifio by or upon the tunnage of finps or vijfils, grd

34*

rt>94«] Anno fexto & ieptimo Gulielmi III. 0.5:

Sr the term <ffour years,  aforefaid 5 and the f aid additional rates

nr duties of exeife,  granted and made payable for ever by the

\ft laji mentioned, are to be raifed, levied, and coliefted, and to be tought into the receipt ^Exchequer, in such manner andform., and y such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeit teres, as by the fame aft are preferibed: and it is hereby further en-fted, That each weekly or other payment, arifing by and out of the du~

\es and impojitions granted by the aft laji mentioned, Jhould; by the uditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time9 as the me should be paid %n9 be feparated and divided into five feventh arts, and two feventh parts : and it was thereby enafted, That it tould and might be lawful for any perfons9 natives or foreigners, to mtribute towards the advancing of the fum of three hundred thousand mnds (part of the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds therein entioned) by paying into toe receipt of the Exchequer, such fum nd fums of money, within such time9 and upon the feveral and re-*eftive terms of having and receiving certain annuities,for one, two, m three lives9 according to the feveral rates and proportions as are in 'e fame aft particularly exprejfed, as by the faid feveral afts of par- 4 & sw.&M* iment (relation being thereunto had) men more fully appear:  c.  3.

III.  And whereas by virtue or in furfuance of the faid aft9 which 5&6W.&M,

:anted certain duties of excife9 to fecure recompenses and advantages c.5.

the perfons that should advance the fum of ten hundred thousand einds, as aforesaid, and another aft of this prefent parliament, for pplying the deficiency of the money, which was to be raifed by the aft d mentioned, and by virtue or in purjuance of the claufes relating to e faid fum of three hundred thousand pounds in ihe faid aft9 im-fing a duty of tunnage upon Jbips, and additional rates of excife, as orefaid, divers perfons as weU natives as foreigners, have aftually hjanced and contributed, and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, serai fums of money, amounting in tht whole to thirteen hundred oufand pounds, upon the feveral and refpeftive terms in the fame fs mentioned in relation to such contributions; and for part thereof, wit, for the fum of nine hundred eighty one thousand fix hundred d nineteen pounds, one JhiUing, and nine pence, or thereabouts, fo vanced and contributed, the refpeftive contributors of the fame are were intituled to Have, receive, and enjoy, for and during feveral gle lives only (that is to fay) during the life of every such contri-tor, or the nominee of Juch contributors refpeftively, an annuity, trfy rent, or payment, after the rate of fourteen pounds of lawful iglifli money for every hundred pounds fo advanced or contributed, yable at the four mofi ufualfeafis in the year by equal portions:

IV.  And whereas the perfons, who are or may be intituled to such ates for Jingle lives in the faid annuities, or Jome of them, are or y be willing and defirous (for a reafonable price or confideraiion) to ve such their refpeftive efiates for jingle lives changed or converted 0 a certain term or terms for ninety fix years, to be computed from \five and twentieth deny y January, which Jhall be in the year of - Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety five, of and in such or the p annuities as they have for Jingle lives, as aforesaid, or that they, such as they/ball nominate, his, her, or their executors, admini-stars, and ajfigns refpeftively {for ihe like price or confideration)

Z $  Jhall

342  Anno  focto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.5. [1691

JbaU or may bt intituled to have, receive, and enjoy tbeEbeamm\ from and after the determination of bis, ivr, /A«r eftate fr o Jingle life, as aforesaid, for and daring the reftdue which JbaU k ah to come and unexpired of the find term of ninety fix yean; cod a cafes where the prefent owner of an annuity for a jingle Sfe9 as sfa-find, is or may be unwilling (if am such be) to purthaft a fur>* or more certain eftate or intereft therein, it is likely that feme ale perfon or perfons is or may be deferous to be admitted {though cum or confederation fometbing higher) to purchafe a future eftate&ku-reft in such or the like annuity or annuities, to take effect fm end after toe determination of the term for the Jingle Ufe in bang, sits continue for and during the refidue and remainder of the find urod ninety fix years, which /ball Be then to come and unexpired: new is the encouragement of such perfons as (hall voluntarily cottr-bute or advance, at the refpe&ive rates herein after nentkniei any monies into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer for fad further or more certain eftates or interefts* as aforesaid, andfar the better fupplying of monies (with as much eat, and at a little charge, as may be) for the carrying on the ear agzinft the French King;

V.  Be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, m this prefent parliament affanbW, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may he be ful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners,

Any perfon having 14 1. per cent, for life upon the former a&s may turn it into an eftate

-to -eftate ;ng (a$ original contributors, or by meihe alignments, or k ^3! yCar* QF other lawful ways and means) intituled to any eftate for me I*

(his own, or the life of any other perfon) of or in asyass3j purchafed or obtained upon the a As aforesaid, or any of then, at the faid rates of one hundred pounds for every fourteen poaaa per annum, at any time before the four and twentieth day e **uly, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, to advance and pn into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, lo much money as every or any such annuity, being computed for four years and an half, dotn or (hall amount to (that is to lay) etery fach perfon (hall or may pay to his Majesty’s ufe, for every hundred pounds that was paid for the fingfe life in an annuity of far-teen pounds per annum, the Turn of fixty three pounds more, is changing or converting the fame into a certain term fix the bi ninety fix years, or for a further intereft, to take effeA after 6s eftate for life, as aforesaid, and in the fame proportion for bighz or larger annuities; and eyery such perfon, on such paymes made, (hall immediately have one or more talley or tallies, exporting the receipt of the confideration money 10 paid, and;* bn every such talley there (hall be written proper words p porting (at the ele&ion of the contributor, or of the perfon h him authorized to pay in his money) that such payment is max either in confideration of changing and converting such his 1-nuity for life into a certain and abfolute eftate or term for faid ninety fix years, or elfe in confideration of a like aimer. to be payable to him or them, or to such as he or they (hall o '  k'_'.  '  nwtf?,

343

694*] A1100 fc*&> & fcptimo Gulielmi III. c.5.

linate, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and af-gns, from the determination of such eftate for life, during die len refidue of the faid ninety fix years, and that by or upon le making every such payment, as aforesaid, in every cafe here the talley (hall import the changing or converting the late for life into a term of ninety fix years, the perfon or perms fo contributing the faid consideration money, or the perfon ■ perfons to be nominated, as aforesaid, his, her, or their ex-rutors, adminiftrators, and alligns, (hall be intituled to have, ceive, and enjoy, and (hall have* receive, and enjoy, and isll have a good, lure, and abfolute eftate and intereft of and in 1 annuity, yearly rent, or payment (equal by the year to the inuity which he, (he, or they had before for one life) for and urine; the faid whole term of ninety fix years, to be paid and tyable out of fome of the funds in the faid ads mentioned (that • to fay) out of such of them refpe&ively, as the annuity for :e was by the faid ad charged upon, and to be paid at the ur mod ufual feafts in the year, by equal portions, as the an-aities by .the faid former ads are payable ; and in all such fes the prefent eftates for life (hall be underftood to be merged 1 extinguilhed in the faid term of years; and that in every cafe here the faid tallies (hall import the confideration money to be tid for a future intereft, to take effed either in the perfon that ^tributes the fame, or in-any others to be nominated as afore-id, the perfon or perfons fo contributing the faid confideration' oney, or fo to be nominated, his, her or their executors, ad-iniftrators and afii^ns, (hall presently have a good, fure and tfolute eftate vefted m him, her or them by this ad, and which all take effed (as a future intereft) after the determination the eftate for life, and continue and endure, during fo long ne as (hall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the faid rm of ninety fix years j and m the cafes laft mentioned it is be underftood, that the prefent eftate for life is continued.

VI.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^ Perj®n having hat if any perfon or perfons, being intituled to any eftate for te life in being, in any such prefent annuity orannuities as ^y^uage be-orefaid, (hall not before the faid four and twentieth day of fore July, any ily, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, advance and pay to the receipt of tht Exchequer, such rate or confideration mo-:y as is before mentioned, for changing such his, her or their Late for life, into a term certain, or for a future intereft as a-refaid, that then and in every such cafe it (hall and may be wful to and for any perforr or perfons whatsoever, natives or reigners (having or not having any property or intereft in such tate for life) at any time or times after the faid four and twen-rth day of July, and on or before the twelfth day of November, the year ot our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety five, to ^tribute, advance and pay into the faid receipt of the Excheer, fo much money as any such annuity, being computed for re years, doth or (hall amount to (that is to fay) for every inared pounds that was paid for the (ingle life, in an annuity fourteen pounds a year, there (hall be paid in all the cafes

other paying 701. (hail have a term of 9 6 years charged with the former eftate.

344  Anno  fexto  & feptimo Gulielmi IIL c.5. [i 694.

lad mentioned, the fum of feventy pounds for the faid term of ninety fix years (to commence and be reckoned as afore* faid, and to be charged with and fubjeft to the prefent eftate for life) of and in the fame or the like annuity, and there (hall be paid a rate or confideration ix\ the fame proportion for annuities exceeding fourteen pounds a year; and every foch perfon, on such payment made, lhall immediately have a tal-ley or tallies importing the receipt of the confideration money fo paid; ana upon every such talley proper words (hall be written, fignifying that such payment is made in confideration that such contributor or contributors, or such perfon or per-fons as (hall be named by him, her or them, or by such as he, (he or they (hall authorize to pay in the money, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators and aifigns, are to have and enjoy the faid terms of ninety fix years in such annuity, charged with and fubjeft nevertheleis to the faid particular eftate for life then in being 5 and that by or upon the making of every such payment, after the rate of feventy pounds per centum, the perfon or per-fons fi> contributing or advancing the confideration money, or the perfon or perfons to be nominated as aforesaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators' and afiigns, (hall have a good eftate or intereft in every or any such annuity fo to be purchafed or paid for, during the faid term of ninety fix years (fubjeft ne-verthelefs to the laid particular eftate for fife in being) and after the determination of ftich particular eftate for life,' (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be intituled to have, receive and enjoy, such annuity or yearly rent or payment fo purchafed or paid for, during all tne reft and refidue which (hall be then to come and unexpired of and in the faid term of ninety fix years, to be paid and payable out of such of the faid funds as the annuity for life was first charged upon, or payable out of, and to be paid at the four moft ufual fcafts in the year, by equal portions as afore* faid.

Order in the VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, and appropri- That immediately after the levying and ftriking of the feveral ation of the " and refpeftive tallies before mentioned, orders (according to the duties given form and courfe of the Exchequer, in parchment or vellum) (hall *VhC *ormcr drawn and figned, for making the payments which by this Jnent of^tlus a* arc t0 ma<*c» according as by this act they are ap-new advance, pointed to be made, upon the feveral and refpeftive annuities fo to be purchafed or obtained in purfuance hereof; which orders (hall not be determinable, revocable or countermandable; and the monies payable by such orders, or any of them, or any part thereof, (hall be affignable and transferrable, in such and the fame manner and form, as are enacted, preferibed or appointed in and by the abovesaid aft, which granted duties of ex-cife to fecure recompences and advantages to such as (hould advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds, for or concerning the orders which were to be given to the contributors upon that aft ; and fo much of the feveral rates and duties of excite, »nd of the faid impofition arifing by the fuonage of (hips and vefr

fell*

345

i&M"] Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.5.

fels, granted by the feveral ads above mentioned, as is and (hall be fufficient to pay and fatisfy the feveral fums of money, which (hall from time to time grow due and be payable upon the faid. Several annuities to be purchafed and obtained in purfuance of this ad, and which (hall refpfcdively be charged upon the rates, duties or impofitions aforesaid, is and (hall be appropriated and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated, to and for the payment of the faid feveral annuities to be purchafed and obtained in purfuance of this ad, according as the lame (hall become due by the purport and true meaning thereof; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent or purpose what* foever, under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, in refped to all and every the officers and other perfons that are or ought to be concerned in the payments thereof, as are appoint* ed and enaded (in cafe of diverting or mifapplying, or not paying) in and by the faid ad which granted duties of exeifc to (e-cure recompences and advantages to such as (hould advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds j and every article, rule and claufe in the faid laft mentioned ad contained, * as for and concerning any penalties, forfeitures or difabilities, upon any officers or others, for mifapplying or diverting any of the duties or fums of money thereby granted, (hall be of foil force and effed to all intents and purposes, during the continuance of the faid term of ninety fix years 5 and the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be fued for, profecuted, recovered and paid, in such manner and form as the penalties in the ad laft mentioned are appointed to be fued for, profecuted, recovered or paid; in which fuit no protedion, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed. And the faid officers are hereby required to keep books and regifters, and to make entries of the names of all perfons who (hall advance monies on this ad, and of all perfons to be nominated as aforesaid, and of the feveral fums fo advanced, and the times of paying in the fame refpedively, and of the nature of each payment to be made in purfuance of this ad, to which all perfons concerned (hall have accefs; all which the faid officers for the time being (hall do or perform, without fee or reward, under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as in the like cafes are appointed to be infiided by the ad laft mentioned.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That any monies payable to Monies by this any perfon or perfons, upon or by virtue or this ad, for annu- ad advanced ities to be purchafed or obtained as aforesaid, (hall not be charg-to **tax trec« ed or chargeable to'or with any taxes or publick rates, duties or impofitions whatfoever.

IX.  And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be law- Guardi aumay ful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal of the money advance for of any infant under the age of twenty one years, for the ufe and

benefit of such infant, to advance and pay any fum, not exceeding feventy pounds of the monies of luch infant, upon any the terms m thfc ad mentioned; and fpeh infant, upon the payment

346  Anno  fexto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.5. [1694.

ment of the fame, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this ad, and be intituled to the annuity, for which such fum (hall be fo paid, and the laid guardian or truftee, as to the fum fo advanced,. is hereby difchaiged.

PunUhment X. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any upon perfon pcrfon or perfons (hall fraudulently contribute any fum or Aims dukntf'a?'1 money uPon this ad, under colour or pretence of having an vance money, cftate for * Angle life changed or converted into a term cer-bis nominee7 tain as aforesaid, or under colour or pretence of purchafing or being dead, obtaining an intereft to take effed (in point of payment) after a Angle life fuppofed to be in being, when in truth and reality the particular eftate for such Angle life (at the time of the paying the confidenttion money (b to be contributed or advanced) (hall be actually determined by the death of the nominee, or perion during whole life such particular eftate was to continue, that then and in every such cafe the conftderation money, or fum fo to be advanced or contributed, (hall be forfeited and loft to his Ma-jefty; and do eftate, intereft or term, for or in refped of the fame, (hall by this ad arife or be veiled either in such contributor, or in any perfon to be nominated for him, her or them as aforesaid, or in his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afiigns 5 and such contributor, for every such offence, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difco-ver such offence, and fue for the faid fum, by adion of debt, bill, fuit or information as aforefaid; any thing- herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Manner of or-  Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That when as

der* upon the'  my the faid particular eftates for Angle lives (hall be changed into

changing certain terms of years, and be thereby merged or extinguifhed, •ftates. according to the true meaning of this ad as aforesaid, the orders which were made and Agned purfuant to the (aid former ads, for the annuities payable during such Angle lives, (hall be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, and there remain as vouchers for the payments already made, without making any further if-fues or payments thereupon, for any time beyond the feaft of the nativity of our L^ord, which (hall be in the year one thousand Ax hundred ninety Ave, fsom which feaft day the iftiies or payments of the refpedivc annuities, hereby appointed to be paid, (hall be made upon the faid orders, which are to be drawn and Agned in purfuance of this ad; and in all cafes where the (aid annuities, or any of them, are by this ad to be paid to the contributor, or such as he (hall nominate, his executors, adminiftrators or af-figns, for a term of years, without dependihg upon a life, it (hall not be necdTary or requiftte for him or them, in order to obtain his or their payments thereof, to produce a certificate Agned by any minifter or churchwardens, or to make any other proof of a nominee’s being alive; any thing in this or the Aid former ads, or any of them, to the contrary notwithftanding. Appropria- XII, And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afbre-tion of money faid. That out of th$ money that (ball be levied or paid fry vir-rndyancetf.  ‘.  t*W

347

>4*] Anno fexto & feptimo GulIelmi III. c.5.

of this ad into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, as 1 upon loans as otherwife, one moiety thereof (hall be, and j hereby appropriated, for the fervices of the navy and ord-ice for fea lervice, performed and to be performed ; and that other money which (hall be levied and paid by virtue of this into the receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon loans as erwife, (hall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby ap-priated, to and for the payment of his Majesty’s land forces [ armies, and the paying for arms, ammunition and other rges incident to the war, and not otherwife. till. And for the more effectual doing thereof, and that the Rules for pay-is by this ad appropriated may not be diverted or applied to mcnt»&c* r other purpose, than is hereby declared and intended; be it ufted by the authority aforesaid, That the rules and diredions >ointed and enaded in <me ad made in the first year of his ijefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for a grant to their Majefties of x w. & M. flu aid of two JbiUings in the pound for one year, for the fpeedy pay- 1. c.x«. nt of money, thereby granted, into the receipt of the Exche-r, by the colledors and receivers, and for diftribution and plication thereof, and keeping diftind accounts of the fame,

I all other provifions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, there-. enaded, in cafe of diverfion of any money thereby appropri-:d, are hereby revived and ena&ed to be in force, and mall pradifed, applied, executed, and put in ure, for and con-•ning the diftribution and application of the faid Turns hereby propriated, as fully, amply, and efFedually, as if the fame re here particularly repeated and re-enadea.

XIV.  And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if Claufe of loan 5 whole fum of fix hundred eighteen thousand four hundred 51. per cent, d twenty pounds and fix pence be riot advanced and paid into 5 a b^not e Exchequer upon this ad, before the first day of Auguji, one advanced, oufand fix hundred and ninety five, that then it (hall and may lawful for his Majesty, or his officers in the receipt of his ajeft/s Exchequer, by his command and appointment, to bor-w and take into the faid receipt for his Majesty’s ufe, by way loan, any fum or fums of money, which together with the hole value or amount of all the fums of money which (hall,

:fore the faid first day of Auguji, be contributed or adventured, aforesaid, (hall not exceed the fum of fix hundred eighteen oufand four hundred and twenty pounds and fix pence; which m or fums, fo taken up by way of loan, (hajl and may be larged upon the credit of his Majesty’s Exchequer in general, id tallies of loan, and orders of'repayment of the fame, (hall i levied and drawn accordingly, which faid orders (hall be lignable and transferrable from one perfon to another.

XV.  And it is hereby ena&ed. That all and every fum and How to be cu« ims of money, fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as aforesaid,

►gather with intereft for the fame, not exceeding the rate of ve pounds per centum per annum, to be paid every three months, ntil fatisfaAion of the principal, (hall be payable and fatisfied nto the refpe&ive lender or lenders of th$ fame, his, her, or ,

V  tbeir

34* Anno fexto & fcptimo Gulielmi HI. c [i6:\

. their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, oat of the mania which (hall afterwards arire and be brought into the Exhtfur by or for contributions or confideration monies upon this -<&, fo far as the fame will extend; and in cafe the money lb irife? by this ad (hall not be fuffident for the paying thereof, thm be faid loans, which fhall remain unfatisfied, and the intereft or I the fame, fhall be paid and fatisfied out of the next aids or /op-plies to be granted to his Maiefty in parliament, and Sail be transferred and transferrable thereunto, as foon as any fach aid or fupply fhall be granted to his Majesty; and if no fad aids or fupplies (hall be granted to his Majesty before the twearih day of February, which (hall be in the year of our Lord me thousand fix,hundred ninety and five, then the (aid Aim ad 9 & io W. j. fums of money, fo to be borrowed, not exceeding as afbrrizd, c.$. f+ ii Sc and the interen thereof, (hall be payable and be paid and facet. 5 C' *  *° *^e ^ lender or lenders, his, her, or their aerators,

adminiftrators, or afligns refpedively, by and out of any of hit Majesty’s treafure, which from thenceforth (hall come iota, be, or remain in the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular ufes by any ad oc ads of • parliament before this time made.

Regifter to be kept in every p«ri(h,of mar* riages, births, ana burials. J»j>4 Ann*, c. i*. f. io. ParfmiJSSc. not keeping rtgifer areindtmaftd.

CAP. VI.

An  08 for granting to bis Majesty certain rates and dttie

upon  marriages, births,  and apd

and widowers, for the term of five years, the war againjt France with vigour.

Meft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal (objects, the commons in parliament aflembled, from a deep feaie the many great occafions which engage your Majesty jo many extraordinanr expences for the necelury defence eft your realms, and the prolecution of a war againft Frame with rigour, have cheerfully and unanimoufiy given and granted unto yoor Majesty, as an additional fupply and aid, the rates, duties, impoS-tions, and fums of money Herein after mentioned i and we mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled, — The ether  ftffiens, concerning duties upon burials, marriages, ttc.fr

five years, are EXP.

XXIV. And be it further enaded for the better levying and colleding .the duties granted by this ad, That all perfbns u holy orders, deans, parfons, deacons, vicars, curates, and their or any of their fubftitiites, do within their refpedive parilba, precinds, and places, take an exad and true account, and keep a regifter in writing of all and every perfon or perfens married, buried, chriftened, or bom in his or their refpedive paridtes * precinds, or in such common burying places as their refpe&n pari (hi oners are ufually buried in, to which book or regifter tin collectors, for tbH refpedive parifhes ehd places, and all other

perfect

349

t<>95*1 A*1110 fe*to & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.7,

perfons concerned, (hall have free accefs to view the fame at all feafonable times, without any fee or reward ; and if any fueh parfon or minifter (hall refule or negleCt to keep a true regifter thereof, as before is dire&ed, such parfon or other minifter fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to bej recovered by such perfon as (hall fue for the fame, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminfter, by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, wager of law, or protection, (hall be allowed, and wherein the profecutor (hall recover his full cofts * the moiety of which forfeiture (hail be to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to the perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

LII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afbrefaid. Penalty upon That no perfon (hall be married at any place pretending to be vicar» . exempt from the vifitation of the bi(hop of the diocefe, without  ln

a licence first had and obtained, except the banns (hall be pub- ^[^c^ithout liftied and certified according to lawj and that every parfon, vi- licence, car, and curate, who (hall many any perfons contrary to the Extended ty 7 true intent and meaning hereof, (hall forfeit the fum of one * hundred pounds, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, n^exen^Scc* or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record; one  9

moiety whereof to the King, his heirs, ?nd fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to the informer who (hall fue for the fame; and lhall for the fecond offence be fufpended ab officio & bcneficio, for ' the fpace of three years.

CAP. VII.

An aft for granting to bis Majesty feveral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, and fpices, towards fatisfaction of the debts due for tranfport fervice for the reduction of Ireland.

WHEREAS for the reducing the kingdom ^Ireland to its due The new duty.

obedience to his Maiejly, feveral Jbips of his Majesty's fub- Revived 9 & 10 jefts were hired for tranfporting forces, ammunition, and provifions  .

into the Paid kingdom; to the feveral owners of which faidjhips there  c*xIa

is due the fum of three hundred thirty thousand seven hundred ftxty 7 Ann*, c.7 ‘ nine pounds ten jhillings and seven pence principal money, as appears f-*6. 5& 6 by a report made to the houfe of commons by the commifftoners appoint- & C1 ed by one aft of parliament made in the fifth and fixtb years of the reign of King William and Opueen Mary, intituled, An aCt for appointing and enabling commiftioners to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom: we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons in parliament afiembled, being willing that a fund may be raifed for the anfwering and paying to your Majesty’s faid fubjeCts, the feveral and refpeCtive owners of the faid (nips, intereft tor the faid money, from the first day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, for the fpace of three years, after the rate of five pounds for the intereft of every hundred pounds for one whole year, and fo proportionably

for

Anno fezto & feptimo Gulielmi III. C. 7. [1695.

for any greater or lefler Turn, do hereby give and gram unto * your Majesty die additional and other duties and impofitions upon the feveral font of goods and merchandizes herein (jperifi-ed, which (hall be imported into the kingdom of England* dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweedy during such time, and in such manner and form, as herein after followeth, and do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enaded:

Dudes upon II. And be it enatted by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, ifcveral goods by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaf and P1*®* temporal, and commons, inNthis prefect parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fiicceflors, for the feveral goods and merchandizes hereafter mentioned, which (hall be imported into this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed* at any time after the first day of May* in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred nine* ty live, and oefore the fecond day of May* in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety eight, over and above all duties already payable for the fame, at the cuftom houfe, the CofTes per too further rates and Turns following, that is to fay, (z) For every wt. si. 16s. hundred weight of cofiee imported as aforesaid, accounting one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred, fifty fix (hillings of Cocoa from lawful Englijb money. (2) For every hundred weight of cocoa Englifh plan- nuts imported, and containing as aforefaid} from any the plantations per 100 tions belonging to the crown of England* fifty fix millings. (3) other cocoa, For every hundred weight of cocoa nuts, imported, and con-41. 4s.  9 taining as aforesaid, from any other country or place, from

Chocolate per whence they may by law be imported, four pounds and four ,s* (hillings of like lawful Englijb money. (4) For every pound of pwto.is.* chocolate ready made, imported as aforelaid, one (hilling. (5) Tea imported For every pound of cocoa pafte imported as aforesaid, two (hil-from the place lings. (6) For, every pound of tea regularly imported as afore-of its growth, fajd, from whence the lame might have been lawfully imported other tea per hcf°rc the making of this adt, one (hilling. (7) For every pound lb. is. 6d. of tea imported as aforesaid, from Holland* or any other country, Nutmegs, &c. not the place of its growth, or ufual (hipping, two (hillings and per cent. 5I. f,x pence per pound weight, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefler quantity of any of the commodities imported as *Tbefe duties* aforefaid refpedtively. (8) For all nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, except on nut- and mace, imported as aforesaid, five pounds for every hufldred pounds value thereof according to the feveral values charged on Geo i c ao. t^cm refpedtively in the book of rates, and fo in proportion for loGeo.'i. c.io. any greater or lefler quantity thereof, over and above all duties f.i.andnew now payable for the lame. (9) For all pictures imported within onaimtofed, the time aforefaid whether for private ufe, or fale, which are fc m c hereby permitted to be imported during the continuance of this adt, any law or ufc to the contrary notwithftanding, twenty pounds of lawful Englijb money per centum of the value, to be affirmed by the oath of the importer, and fo in proportion for ! any greater or lefler quantity thereof.

III.Provided* and be it further enadted by the authority

afore-

1695O Anno facto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c. 7.  351

aforefaid, That it (hall and maybe lawful for any perfon or Ships import-perfons to import into the kingdom of  , dominion of“,8"utmegs»

Walts, or town of Berwiei upon Tweed, during the continu- be navigated, ance of this adt, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and tea,  3

fubjedt to the feveral duties payable for t|ie fame, from any & 4 Anns, parts beyond the feas, in Englijb ihips, whereof the mailer and c* 4* at lead two thirds of the mariners aye Englijbmen, fo as notice be first given to the commifiioners or farmers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, of the quality and quantity of the faid fpices fo intended to be imported, w:th the name of the Ihip, and mafter or commander on which they are to be loaden, and the place into which they intend'to import the fame, and taking a licence under the hands of the commilfioners or farmers of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing thereof, as aforefaid ; which licence they' are hereby authorized and required to grant, without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the perfon demanding the dune; any law, cuftom, or uiage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Goods forftit-That if any of the commodities aforesaid, whereof the duties ed, if landed are or (hall be due, (hall be unihipped or laid on land, the du- j*f?re duties ties due or to be due for the fame not paid, Or lawfully tendred ***“*

to the collector thereof, or his deputy, with the confent and agreement of the comptroller and furveyor there, nor agreed with for the fame in the cuftom houfe, according to the true meaning of this adt, that then from the faid first day of May, one thou land fix hundred ninety five, all the laid goods and merchandizes (hall be forfeited; the one moiety of the faid goods lb forfeited (hall be to his Majesty’s ufe, and the other moiety to him or them that will feize or fue for the lame, without any compofition whatfoever.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadted and declared Drawback of by the authority aforefaid. That every merchant or other im- two thirds porter, having paid the faid duties and impofitions in and by exP°rU* this a<ft appointed to be paid for any of the laid goods or merchandizes herein mentioned, which might by law have been imported before the making of this adt, who, being a native,

Audi within twelve months, or an alien, lhall within nine Altered as n months, next after such his importation thereof,' again (hip off,bt and carry out of this kingdom, or any part thereof, the faid goods or merchandizes, or any part thereof, to any part beyond c, 1; 3g, the feas, that such merchant or other importer, on such his ex-portation thereof, lhall be repaid two thirds of the duties fo by him paid by virtue of this adt, of fo much of the faid goods and targed to ■>,years merchandizes which he lhall fo export or Ihip off; the faid mer- tyjGeo. i.ftat. chant or exporter making oath on his debenture in bac , c- *»• >«■ 'That all the goods, entred and (hipped as there certified, are really and truly exported for parts beyond the feas on his own account, if he adis for himfelf or if he adts by commifiion, then on the account of such perfon or perfons for whom the deponent adls in the diredtion of the voyage, and that none of the 2  laid

352  Anno  fcxto & fcptimo Gulielmi III. c. 7. [1695,

faid goods have been fince landed, or are intended to be relanded, in England> Wales or Berwick.

Collector to VI. And be it further enaded and ordained by the authority keep a diffind aforefaid. That all and every the officer and officers, who (hall n^e wee&v ^ concerned *n the levying, collecting, and receiving the du-paymentt intotlcs grated by this ad, do keep a feparate and diftind: account the Exche-  thereof, and pay the (ame, in Jpecie, into the receipt of his Ma-

quer.  jelly’s Exchequer weekly, on Wednefday in every week, unlefs it

be an holiday, and if it be, then on the next day that is not an holiday; and upon negledl or refufal of the fame (hall incur the penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cods, as other the officers of . the Exchequer herein after mentioned (hall be liable to; which money fo paid in (hall be applied to thoufes hereafter mentioned in this ad, and no otherwife.

Thefe duties VII. Provided, and it is further enaded by the authority to be a yearly aforesaid, That there (hall be provided and kept in his Majesty’s JMW* tertetu ^X£^e^uer (that IS to &y) *n the of the auditor of the re-ml, JJpart if ceiPts> one book or regifter, in which all monies that (hall be tbeficwrUytf paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this ad, (hall be entred, the Bank Fond regiftred and kept apart and diftind from all other monies paid €Y 7 *"*dtbe or Pay*kfc to his Majesty upon any other branch of his Majeft/s Jkrtbupart rf revenue, or upon any other account whatfoever; and that all thtasgregau monies that (hall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this fimdby x Gee. ad (hall be the yearly fond for the fcveral and refpedive pur-x. c. is. pofes herein after mentioned and exprefled, and (hall not be applied to any other purpose whatfoever.

Debentures to VIII. Provided, and it is further enaded by the authority the feveral aforefaid. That the commiffioners for tranfportation do, within to ** three months after the paffing this ad, make out authentick numbrtdMd debentures for each fum of money due to or for every refpedive have due pie- (hip, as the fame was adjufted by the commiffioners for taking faience, and dating the pubiick accounts of the kingdom; and that such debenture, when made out, be delivered either to the owner of, or to the agent appearing for, every such refpedive (hip j and (hall be made payable to such perfon or his afligns, as (uch refpedive owner or his agent (hall nominate, for the ufe of the owners of the refpedive (hips; and that such owner or agent (hail, upon the receipt of such debenture, give a receipt to the faid commiffioners for tranfportation, for every such debenture, which faid receipt (hall be entred in a book Kept for that purpose in the office of tranfportation; and that such debenture or debentures be numbred in courfe, beginning with the first (hip that was hired, with the figure of one, and fo focceffively, according to the day the faid (hips were hired, whether by his Majesty’s commiffioners for the navy, the officers for victualling, the officers of the ordnance, or the commiffioners for tranfportation, to the end that no undue preference may be made; and if it fo fall out, that more than one (hip was hired in one day, the refpedive owner or agent thall have his or their debentures numbred, as their refpedive (hips (land regiftred in the refpedive offices where they were taken up or hired.

IX. Pro-

95-'j  .  Anno  fexto & fcptimo Gulielmi III. c. 7.  353

X.  Provided, and it js further enabled by the authority and the nro-

refaid, That all the faid debentures fhall be produced and

wn in the laid office of the auditor of the receipt in the Ex-

iuer> and a note or memorandum thereof fhall be entred and at 51, percent.

en in a book to be kept for the faid purpose, in the fame

ce $ and that all the monies that fhall be paid into the Ex- _ ,

'uer by virtue of this aft fhall be applied to the payment of^dedfwb feveral perfons named in the faid feveral debentures, and % & 9 w. 3.

Ir feveral and refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, c. 15. the ufes afbrefaid, intereft for their feveral and refpeftive icipal fums of money mentioned and exprefled in such de-tures, from the five and twentieth day of December, one ufand fix hundred ninety five, for the (pace of three years, n thence nexj and immediately enfuing, after the rate of five tnds per centum for one whole year, by two equal payments: firfl payment to be made upon the faid five and twentieth of December*.

i. Provided, and it is further enafted by the authority afore*• r , That if all the monies that fhall be paid into the Exchequer virtuc of this aft fhall not be fufficient to fatisfy and pay in- turet to be on ft for all the faid fiim of three hundred thirty thousand (even an average, idred fixty nine pounds ten (hillings and seven pence, prin-tl money, for the isud fpace of three years, at the faid rate of pounds per centum for one whole year; then there fhall be preference of any of the faid perfons named in the faid de-tures, but such deficiency fhall fall upon the faid perfons led in the faid debentures, their feveral and refpeftive execu-adminiftrators and affigns, ratably and proportionally, acting to the quantity of their refpeftive debts mentioned in faid debentures.

CL Provided, and it is further enafted by the authority afore- Punifhment of , That if any officer in the Exchequer (hall divert or mifap- officer mifap-any of the monies that fhall be paid into the Exchequer, by ue of this aft, to any other lifes or purposes than are hereby afted, then such officer fo offending fhall forfeit his office in Exchequer, and be* incapable of any office or place of truft, fhall be liable to pay the double value of any fum or fums tiverted or miiapplied, to any of the faid perfons named in faid debentures, their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators or jns, who will fue for the fame, by any aftion of debt, bill, nt or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at (iminjler% wherein no effoin, proteftion, wager of law., privilege parliament, or other privilege, or more than one imparlance,

.1 be granted or allowed; and all orders and Warrants for ing, paying, or difpofing any of the money to be railed by ue of this aft, contrary to the true intent and meaning there-fhall be utterly void*

CII. Provided, and it is further enafted and ordained by the Debt upon the nority aforefaid. That all such of the faid debts due to any tranfport (hips lers of such tranfport (hips, and all parts of such debts, as e been at any time afligned or granted, or covenanted and wjthin „ roL. IX.  A  a  agreed  month$.

No fee for making do* bcntures, &c.

Officer attending, when not bound, may take ice.

Anno fcxto & feptimo Gulielmi HI. C.7. [ik

agreed to be afligned or granted, or for which anyatbr hath hitherto been given or granted by any of the faid me their refpcCtive executors or admiiufbrators, to any perk* perfons to receive the fame, or any part thereof, to the u? luch perfon fo authorized, or any other perlon, befides t owner, his or her executors or adminiftrators, (hailand®?i redeemed, and are hereby declared to be redeemable by thin owners, their refpeCtive executors or adminiftrators, on pv ment of the principal fum of money paid in exx^iemi making the faid aflignment, grant, covenant, or authony, ts-gether with the charges and intereft for the feme, from tkizx of the payment thereof, after the rate of fix pounder aa for one whole year, difeounting for what hath been mo«, for or in refpeCt of the faid debt, by any such perfon fowk such aflignment or authority was made or given; and t:c payment or tender of the bid principal money, intereft, n charges, such grant, aflignment, or authority, anddeovenas and agreements concemmg the fame, (hall be void. neverthelefs. That such redemption as aforefaid in the fpace of twelve months, from and jrftcr tkodofthis preient feflion of parliament.

XIII.  Provided, and be it further enaCted, That nofee, ti« ward, or gratuity, dircCUy or indirectly, fhadl bederonWi taken of any of the faid ownete or agents, their rdpeffircaet tors, adminiftrators, or afligns, for the making any the bid debentures, or the payment of any of die faid monies, or fir p. viding or making of any books, regifters, or enate, or p mitting any views or fearches relating to this ad, by any da Majeft/s officers in the Exchequer, upon prinofforfadr^k offices and places, and of becoming incapable of anyo&j truft, and upon pain of payment of treble the value of icy ti fee, reward, or gratuity, to the party grieved, withoofeoffe the fame treble value to be recovered by action of dd*, £ plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of won at JVeJifmnJter, wherein no efloin, protection, prince, wap: of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, (hall be in a] vi granted or allowed.

XIV.  And whereas it may be a reafonabk zcmwhfc for trade. That the officers of the cuftoms be permitted, ocb dry urgent occafions, to work at times and places not rjqcs by law, for which extraordinary attendances themerctau other perfon concerned is willing to make a moderate allow:: if the officer might be juftified in receiving the feme; beit®> ed by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be br. for any officer duly employed in the execution of his office.. any extraordinary fervice not required by law, to take ceive such recompence from the merchant or other perk k firing'his attendance, as the commiffioners of thecuftorosir; port of London, and the collector, cuftomer, and comprrik: the out ports, or any two of them refpeCtively (by whoe^ fufferance is thought requifite to be granted) (hall detenna

695*] Anno fexto 8? fcptimo Gulielmi HI. c.g—10.  355

CAP. VIII.  EXP.

n aft for continuing two former a&s for punifhing officers and foldiers, 4 & 5 W. & M. who fliaU mutiny or defert his Majesty's (ervicc, and for punUhing falfe c. 13. mufters, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.  5 & 6 W, & M«

CAP. IX.  c ,s*  -

n ad for appointing and enabling commiffioners to examine, take, and

ftate the puolick accounts.  EXP.

CAP. X.

n aft for the better admeafurement of keels and keel boats in be port ^Newcaftle, and the members thereunto belonging.

TTHERE AS by two feveral Jlatutes heretofore made, the one 9H. 5.c.io,'

/ V in the ninth year of the reign of King Henry the Fifths in-uled, keels that carry coals at Newcajlle, (hall be meafured and arked; and the other m the thirtieth year of our late fovereign lord 3° Car. a. fiat*' tig Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the admeafurement **c* • keels and boats carrying coals; for the remedy of deceits therein nplainedof (amongft other things) it was thereby enabled. That com-(ftoners Jbould from time to time be appointed by bis faid late Maly, his heirs and fuccejfors,for the admeafuring and marking all and try the keels ana other boats, and wains, and carts ufed, or in any *ie thereafter to be ufed, for the carriage of coals in the port of ewcaftle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the river Weare, Culler-ates, Seaton-fluice, Blyth-nook, and all and every of the mem-~s, havens, creeks, and places whatfoever, to the faid port c/’New-[Uc belonging, upon the forfeiture that every keelf boat, wain, or ‘t, which Jbould thereafter carry coals in any of the afore faid places, rore they Jball be admeafured and marked, as aforefaia, Jbculd be feited, together with the coals laden upon them: notwithstanding nth divers new frauds, deceits and abujes have of late artfen, and ’ daily praftifed, to the diminution of his Majejlfs cujloms, and the *at prejudice and damage of the buyers and fellers of coals \ for nedy whereof,

[I. Be it enafted by the King's mod excellent maje/ty, by Commiffion-d with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tern- ers to be ap-ral, and commons, in this prefentparliament aflembled, and j™nt*^bytfte the authority of the fame. That commiffioners (hall from roea?urement ne to time be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- of keels in s, for the admeafuring and. marking all and every the keels, Newcaftle* At, 1-keels, and pan-boats, and other boats, and wains, and carts d, or in any time hereafter to be ufed, for the carriage of lls in the port of Newcajlle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the ^Ceo.a. c\s\ er Weare, Culler-coates, Seaton-fluice, Blyth-nook, and all other r’ **

.ces within the counties of Northumberland and Durham, and and every the members, havens, rivers, creeks and places latfoever, to the faid port of Newcajlle, and counties aforefaid onging; \yhich laid admeafurement lhall be by a dead weight lead or iron, or otherwife, as lhall feem meet to the faid com-(Boners, or any three of them, allowing three and fifty turned weight to every chaldron of coal*;, which faid keels, boars, ins, or carts, dull be admeafured and marked at the times

A a 2  1  uftd  .  ..

The content of a cart load.

Carts and * feeds to be meafurcd and marked by conusiflioners.

Anno fexto & fcptimd GtfUELMi III. c.io- [1645.

and placet and in manner hereafter mentioned; any thing in the Aid former adks to the contrary notwithftanding.

IIL Provided always. That the weight or contents of coals, loaden or carried by every such wain, mall be of the weight or content of feventeen hundred weight and an half, and the weight or contents of coals, loaden or carried by every such cart, (hall be'of the weight or content of eight hundred and three quarters ; and that three such wains, or fix such carts, (hall be reckoned and allowed for one chaldron, and no mote, and that no other wains or carts are hereby intended to be admeafured or marked, but only such wains and carts as are now or hereafter (hall be employed in carrying coals to the ftaiths, to be diiedly put from the ftaiths into the (hips, and no others.

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid. That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe all and every of the faid keels, boats, wains and carts to be admeafured accordingly; and (hall give three days notice of the time and place of such admeafurement to the owner or owners thereof, and caufe the faid keels and boats fo admeafured, to be marked and nailed on each fide the ftem and ftern and midlhip thereof, or otherwife as they the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, in their difcretions (hall direct; and the faid wains and carts to be marked and nailed on the head and (ides of the faid wains, carts, or otherwife, as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them (hall diredt, or by such perfons as (hall be by them thereunto appointed; which perfons fo appointed (hall take an oath before the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, for the true and impartial performance and dfiicharging the fame; which oath the faid commiffioners are hereby im-powered to adminifter: and if the owner or owners ot such keels or boats, wains or carts, (hall after such notice neglect or reftife to have their faid keels, boats, wains or carts fo admeafured, they and every of them (hall incur the penalty hereafter mentioned.

V.  Provided, That no such keel or boat be admeafured, marked or nailed, but between the five and twentieth day of March, and the nine and twentieth day of September, in any year, nor (hall be admeafured, marked or nailed, to carry more than ten such chaldrons of coals at any one time; and that all such keels and boats belonging to the port of Newcaftle (hall be admeafured, marked and nailed at the new key of the faid port, and that the keels and boats belonging to the river Weare (hall be admeafured, marked and nailed at Lambton Staitbs, upon the faid river, and not elfewhere; and that all the keels and boats belonging to Culler-coats, Seaton-fluice, Myth-nook, and all other places within the faid counties of Northumberland and Durham, as alfo all wains and carts, to be admeafured and marked by virtue of this adl, (hall be admeafured and marked at such times and places as the faid commiffioners or any three of them (hall diredh

VI.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every keel, boat, wain or cart, which from and after the

four

Content of a keel, and time and place of admeafure-

Keel, &c. not marked for* (cited.

695J Anno fexto & fcprimo Gulielmi III. c.iis '357

V and twentieth day of Jubr which (hall be in the year of jr Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and five, (hall carry iy coals in any of the places aforesaid, before they fhall be lmeafured, marked and nailed as aforesaid, by three com* liifioners or more of them, (hall be and are hereby declared to 1 forfeited, together with the coals that (hall be laden upon them mlels the fame (hall happen by default of the (aid commiflion-s) one moiety of all which forementioned forfeitures (hall be the King’s Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, the other moiety .  .

him or them that (hall difcover and fue for the fame in any his Majesty’s courts of record, by bill, plaint or information, lerein no efloin, protection, imparlance or wager of law (hall be owed; any ftatute, law or ufage to the contrary notwithftandin^.

VII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Puniihment of hat in cafe after the admeafuring, marking and nailing of any F^rion remov-el, boat, wain or cart, the mark (hall be removed or altered {Jf nLuk ^ iereby to fruftrate the intent and meaning of this aCt, that ery perfon and perfons, that (hall have a hand in or be privy the doing thereof, and (hall upon proof thereof, by one or )re credible witnefies, before any one or more juftice or juftices the peace of the counties where the faid offence (hall happen be committed, and convicted thereof, such perfon or perfons as aforefaid convicted, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to levied upon his or their goods and chattels by diftrcfs and s thereof, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid lice or juftices, rendring the overplus, if any, to the party or ties diftrained upon; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the ties fo offending (hall, by like warrant, be committed to the nmon gaol of the faid county where the offence (hall be com* tted, there to remain for the fpace of three months without I or mainprize; one half part of the faid forfeiture to his ijefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other half part there-:o such perfon or perfons as (hall make such difcovery; and > that after any such offence as aforefaid committed, by alter-or removing any of the marks or nails that (hall be fet up* any such keels, boats, wains or carts, by virtue of this aCt, at from thenceforth, and fo often as any such offence (hall :ommitted as aforesaid, the faid commifiioners, or any three hem, or such perfon or perfons as (ball be by them appoint*

(hall have authority, and are hereby authorized and impowr 1 to admeafure, mark and nail the faid keels, boats, wains and s anew, according to the directions hereby before given. .

CAP. XI.

aft for the more effeftual fuppreffmg profane eurjing and /wearing.

THERE AS. it is found by experience. That an aft of par- *ijac. i.c.** f tioment made in the one and twentieth year ef the reign of i9$co.*.c.»i, r James the firfl, intituled, An aCt to prevent and reform ■ ane fwearing and curfing, bath proved ineffectual to the /up-\ng of tbofe detejlable fins, by reafin if fome deficiencies in the •A*3.  ■  /aid

Anno facto & feptimo Gulielmi IIL (Mi. [1695.

faid all5 be it therefore enadted by the King’a moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament The forfei- aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That if any ture« of feve- perfon or perfons (hall (after the four and twentieth day raMegrtetof of Jutu, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety five) profanely fwear or curfc in the prefence or hearing *’ of any juftice of peace of the county, riding, or divifion, or Mod. cafe* in °f the mayor or other head officer, or juftice of peace for any law, jg, 366. city or town corporate, where such offence is or (hall be committed, or that mall hie thereof convided by oath of one wit-nefs, or by the confeffion of the party offending, before any juftice of peace of the county, or mayor, or baiuff, or other chief officer or juftice of the peace of such city or town corporate, where the faid offence (nail be committed; that then for every such offence, the party fo offending lhall forfeit and pay to the ufe of the poor of the parilh where such offence or offences (hall be committed, the refpedHve Turns herein after mentioned (that is to fay) every fervant, day labourer, common foldier, and common Teaman, one (hilling, and every other perfon, two (hillings 5 and in cafe any of the perfons aforefaid (hall after conviction offend a fecond time, foch perfon (hall forfeit and pay double; and if a third time, treble the fum refpedtively by him or her to be paid for the first offence.

II.  And it is hereby further enadted, That upon nested or refufal of payment of the (aid forfeiture, any juftice of peace of the county, riding or divifion, or mayor or other head officer, or juftice of peace of any city or town corporate, where the faid offences (hall be committed, (hall and are hereby authorized and required to diredt'and fend his warrant to the conftable, tythingman, churchwarden or overfeer of the poor of the parifh where the offence (hall be committed, or where the offender (hall inhabit, thereby commanding them, or fbme one or more of them, to levy, by diftrefs and tale of the goods of the offender, the fum (b Forfeited, for the ufe of the poor of the oarifh, as aforefaid; and in cafe (T d be no diftrefs can be haa, then every such offender, being but in*ie° °* *b°ve fo* age of fixteen years, (hall, by warrant under the Qocks. hand and feu of the faid juftice of peace, or other officer as aforesaid, be publiddy fet in the ftocks for the fpace of one hour for every fingte offence, and for any number of offences whereof he (hall be convidted at one ana the fame time, then two hours; and if the party offending be under the age of fixteen years, and ihall not forthwith pay the faid forfeitures, then he or (he (hall, by warrant as aforesaid, be whipped by the conftable, or by the parent, guardian or tnafter of fbch offender, in the prefence of the conftable.

III.  And be it further enadted1, That if any juftice of die peace, or chief magiftrate, (hall wilfully and wittingly omit the performance of his duty in foe execution of this act, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds j the one moiety to the ufe of the informer,

to

To be levied by diftrefs.

If no diftrefs,

jl. penalty upon juiftice of peace not executing the

359

Sgs-\ Anno fcwo & feptimo GuuELMi III. c.12.'

t be recovered by adtion, fuit, bill, or plaint, in any of his rajeft/s courts at tVefinunfier, wherein no effoin, protection or ager of law Audi be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

IV.  And it is hereby further enacted. That if any action or Officer fued

it lhall be commenced or brought againft any juftice of peace,  executing

mftable or other officer or perfon whatfoever, for doing or i ufing to be done any thing in purfuance of this adt, con- Sr..»t Sc. rning the laid offences, the defendant in such adtion may

cad the general iffiie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; id if upon such adtion verdidt be given for the defendant, or e plaintiff become nonfuit, or discontinue his adtion, then e defendant (hall have treble colls.

V.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That no per- Time for ^rati lhall be profecuted or troubled for any offence againft this [j^uti£.g upoa itute, unlefs the fame be proved or profecuted within ten daystn,s * *

act after the offence committed.

VI.  And it is further enadted by the authority aforeleid, To be read in hat this adt lhall be publicldy read four feveral times in the churches, Sic, ar in all paiilh churches, and all publick chapels, by the

rfon, vicar or curate of the refpedtive parilhes or chapels, imeidiately after morning prayer, on four feveral Sundays (that to fay) the  next after the four and twentieth day of

e nine and twentieth day of September, the five and twentieth y of December, and the five and twentieth day of , under e pain of twenty (hillings for every such omilfion or negledt.

VII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, ConvidHonsto hat the jultices of peace, mayor, or other head officer, lhall ®e re8*“r*1, plter in a book to be kept for that purpofc, all the convidtions

*de before him upon this adt, and the time of making there-

, and for what offence, and lhall certify the fame to the next

neral quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county or place  .

tere the offences are committed, to be there kept upon

x>rd by the refpedtive clerks of the peace, to be feen without

; or reward.

CAP. XII.

i all far explaining and regulating feveral , duties and  penalties,  in the late all for  granting feveral duties

upon vellum, parchment and paper; and for afeertaining the admeafurement of the tunnage of Jbips.

T/’HEREAS feveral doubts and difficulties are  the  5&6W.&M..

r interpretation of feveral claufes in an all of  c* **•

fde in the fifth andfieeth years of the reign of their majefiies King rilliam and Queen Mary, intituled, An adt for granting to eir Majeffies feveral duties upon vejlum, parchment ant( per, for four years, towards carrying on the war againlt France „•

>rthe explaining and remedying the faid doubts and difficulties,

II. Be it declared and enadted by the King’s molt excellent Rceogntzan-ajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- yes before ual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament of . eqtblfd, and by authority of the fame. That the faid adt, STfurV^§ ”*,

A a 4  nor  &c. exempted.

3&>

Degree of b&rchclpr of arts exempted.

Commiffionof rebellion exempted.

Officers ip interior courts, Arc. exempted.

Sea officer* to pay at land officer*.

500I. penalty changed into

Perfons who have incurred 500U penalty on the former aft pardoned.

Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.u. [169;

nor any claufe therein contained, (hall be conftrued to chars with any duty fpecified in the faid aft, any warrant made by or recognizance taken before, any jufljee or juftices of tfe peace, or any furrender of any copyhold eftate, or copies fj such eftate, or any certificate of marriage of any widow of an; feaman, or any proceedings of any court martial which rci2 to the trial of any common foldier, or any coders, demo a proceedings before any commiffioners of fewers, oroffi court of ftannaries ; but the faid warrants, recogranrica, furrenders, copies, certificates, orders, decrees and procadars, lhall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the ptpera of any the duties mentioned in the faid aft.

' III. And be it further enafted and declared by the antborn aforefaid. That the claufe in the faid aft, whereby the doty a forty fhillings is laid upon the regifter or entry of any degree h any of the two univerfities, lhall not extend to charge with tk £ua duty of forty (hillings the regifter or entry of anybatchar of arts, who is hereby exempted from the payment thereof.

IV.  And be it further enafted and declared by the aotfarify aforefaid. That the claufe in the (aid aft, whereby the duty of forty (hillings is laid upon letters patents, (hall not extend to commiflions of rebellion in procefs ; but that the comnuffiocs of rebellion (hall be and are hereby exempted from the bid duty of forty (hillings.

V.  And be it further enafted and declared by the author^

aforefaid, That the claufe in the faid aft, whereby the duty: forty (hillings is laid upon admittances of officers m any cor whatfoever, (hall not be extended to charge any annual ofcs In any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under rial value of ten pounds per amum9 in falaries, fees, or other pry quifites 5 but the faid annual officer is hereby exempted and ft charged from the faid duty. •  j

VI.  And be it further enafted and declared by the aiittorm aforefaid. That the officers at fea (hall pay the hat dory thjl the officers at land pay, and no more ; any thingin theta aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority afor&l That the penalty pf five hundred pounds mentioned in the “ aft (hall no longer (land and be in force, but is hereto ato and changed into the penalty of five pounds only; andthri the futurej in all cafes where by the faid aft the offender m forfeit five hundred pounds, he (hall forfeit np more than pounds, to be recovered with cods of fuit; any thing in faid aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.  And be it further enafted and declared by the autl ty aforefaid* That all perfons that have already incurred the penalty of five hundred pounds, upon any claufe in the fed (hall be and are hereby pardoned, indemnified, and dHcha from the faid forfeiture of five hundred pounds, and every thereof, and of and from any profecution thereupon; any I in the (aid aft to the contrary in any wife notwitftandin?.

IX.

x695-1 Anno fexto & fcptimo Gulielmi III, C.i2« j6i

IX.  And for the better diftribution of the faid vellum, parch- Prices to be ment, and paper, and that the fubjefts may have the fame with andu$?,y fctd more conveniency, and at an eafier rate, than formerly ; be it a" enabled by the authority aforesaid, that the lord high treafurer parchment, of England, or commiffioners of his Majesty’s treaniry for the

time being, (hall once in the year, at lead, fet the prices of all

forts of (lamped vellum, parchment,* and paper, that it (hall be

fold at; and that the commiffioners appointed for putting the

faid aft in execution (hall (bmp the faid price, fo fet, upon every

(kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper

(o by them to be fold; and that the faid commiffioners (hall 6 per cent al»

I ike wife allow and pay to every perfon that (hall bring vellum, lowed for

parchment, or paper to be (lamped (the duty whereof (hall a- re*d3r money,

mount to the fum of ten pounds 6r upwards) after the rate of

fix pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for three months,

upon prefent payment of the faid duty upon the (aid vellum,

parchment, and paper fo by them bought; and that any perfons

that (hall buy of the faid commiffioners, or their agents, vellum,

parchment, or paper, the duty whereof amounts to the like fum

of ten pounds, or upwards, (hall have the fame allowance of

fix pounds in the hundred pounds.

X.  And whereas great inconvenicncies and difcoufagements to trade Another way and navigation are found by admeafuring of Jlfips andvejfels according of measuring to the aft made in the fifth andfixth years of the reign of King Wil-

Ham and Queen Mary, intituled\ An aft for granting to their **£5 w. U Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips and m« c. so. veflels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to such perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, towards the carrying on the war again# France \ be it enafted. That from and after the first day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety five, all (hips and veflels (hall be meafured, in order to the paying the duty impofed by the (aid aft, by taking the length of the keel of every (hip or veflel fo much as (he treads on the ground, and the breadth to be taken within board by the mid-(hip beam from plank to plank, and half that breadth (hall be accounted for the depth of every (hip or veflel; then multiply the length by the breadth, and the produft thereof by the depth, and divide the whole by ninety four, and the quotient (hall give the true contents of the tunnage which such (nip (hall pay for; anything in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Tunnage thill That from and after the faid first day of June, there (hall not be J* pa“J,only raifed, levied, collefted, or paid, for the ufe of his Majesty, his laden," heirs or fucceflors, for the tunnage of any (hip or veflel, within* y

the time of the faid aft mentioned, trading coaft-wife, any other or greater fum or rate than for fo many tuns of goods as are or (hall be aftually laden on board such (nip or veflel; any thing in the faid aft contained to the cpntrary thereof in any wife not-withftan4ing.  C  A.  P.

«. 3.

♦Power given to raife the militia not-witbftanding the month's pay formerly advanced be pot repaid.

Anno facto  tcfeptimo Gulielmi IQ. c.ij. [1695,

CAP. XUI.

Ax  a& for raifing the militia of this kingdom for the year one

tboufandfix hundred ninety five;  for repealing thefia-

tute of the fecond and third years of  Edward

intituled, An  againft (hooting of hail-ihot.

WHEREAS by matt of pa, in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his tale majefty King Charles the  Second,  intituled, An aA for ordering the forces in

the feveral counties of this kingdom, it was (among ft other things) mailed. That in tafe of tmafions, , or  where-

by otcajion Jbotdd be to dram out the foldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the find oil into aiiual Jtrvthe perfons charged by the find a£t with horfes, horfemen, and  provide oath  their

fisldier relpeilivety with pay in hand, not exceeding one month's as Jbould be in that behalf direfled by the refpeffive lieutenants of tbe feveral counties, and in their dbfence, or otherwife by their direction, by their deputies, or any two or more of them: For repayment rf which faid monies, and for fotisfaflion of the officers for their pay, during fetch time, not exceeding one ninth, as aforefend, as they Jbould be with their foldiers in feuh aflual fervite, tt was thereby it-dared, that provifion Jbould be made for the fame by his find Majesty, bis heirs and feuceffm, out of bis or their pieblick treafitry or revenue : Neverthdefs it was thereby further provided and ena&ti, That in tafe a months pay Jbould be provided and advanced, as afore-fend, that no perfon who jbould have advanced bis proportion thereof Jbould be charged with any other like month9s payment, until be or they Jbould have been remburfed tbe faid month9s pay, and fo from time to time, tbefetid month's pay by him or them lafe before provided and advanced, as aforefend: And whereas upon the imafion of the coafts of this kingdom by the French it was found neceffary, for tbe pnbnck defence and fafety, to draw out the Jaid foldiers into aflual fervid, and ts charge the faid perfons to provide each their foldier rtfpeflivAy with pay in hand, although tbe month's pay, by feveral of them before that time provided and advanced, was not, nor could be, reimburjed: And whereas the like oecafion may pofKbly happen during the prefent war:

II.  Be it therefore enadted by the King’s tnoft excellent im-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time before the five and twentieth day of April, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, it (hall be found by his Majesty to be neceffiury for the defence and fafety of this kingdom, to draw out the faid foldiers into altual fervice, and the ume (hall be declared or fignified to the refpedtive lieutenants or deputy lieutenants, and the lord warden of the cinque-ports, two ancient towns and their members, or in his ablence his lieutenant or lieutenants, in purfu-ance of such orders from his Majesty, notwithftanding that one or more months pay, before that tiiqe advanced, be not reim-burfed, to raife and draw out the faid foldiers into adtual fer-yide, and to epufe the p$rfom chgrg$d as1 afor^laid to provide

fach

J5-J Annofetto & feptimo (Sulielmi III. d.14.  363

h their foldier with pay in hand, hot exceeding one month’s

f, in such manner as if all the pay before that time advanced

1 provided had been fully reimburfed and paid. EXP.

ill. And whereas by an aft made in the fecond and third * * a.

rs of the reign of Edward the.£ixtb, late King of England, c. 14.

tuled, yfnr aft againfi the /hooting of hail-jhot, whereby amongft

er things it is enadted, That no perfbn under the degree of

>rd of the parliament, (hould (hpot in any (dace any had-Chot,

my more pellets than one at any one time, upon pain to for-*

, for every time that he or they (hould fo offend, ten pounds, t imprifonment of his body during three months; which adt, however ufeful in thole days, hath not for many years paft been put in execution, but became ufelefs ana unne-ary: yet neverthelefs feveral malicious perfons have of late fecuted feveral. gentlemen, qualified to keep and ufe guns, tn the find adt; for remedy whereof be it enadted, by the iority aforesaid, That the (aid adt, and every article, claufe. thing, therein contained, (hall be and is hereby repealed made void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

CAP. XIV.

An aft far continuing feveral laws therein mentioned.

[/HERE AS divers temporary laws, which by experience have jk+W.fr V been found beneficial and ufeful, are near expiring; therefore c* continuing the fame, be it enadted by the King’s moil ex- *****

;nt majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords itual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par-icnt afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen ry, intituled. An aft to take away clergy from form offenders, to bring others to punifiment, which by another adt made in fourth and fifth years of the /aid King and Queen, intitu- 4& jW.k An aft for reviving, continuing, and explaining, feveral laws  £  *  j*

cin mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, was exiled, and was to continue and be in force for three years, n the thirteenth day of February, one thousand fix hundred ?ty two, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of iament, and no longer, together with the explanation there-n the (aid adt made in the faid fourth and fifth years, (hall and the fame is and are hereby continued, and lhall be in e, and be made perpetual.

[. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That 3 & 4 W. & \£t made in the third and fourth years of the reign of the King and Queen, intituled. An aft for relief of creditors luat * njl fraudulent devices, which was to continue and be in force three years, and to the end of the next feffion of parlia-it, after the expiration of the faid three years and no longer,

1 be and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force, and be le perpetual.

[I. And be It further enadted by the authority aforesaid, 4 & 5w- & it an adt made in the fourth and fifth years of the faid King M.c. *0. con-

Queen, intituled, An aft for the better difeoverj of judgments ^red tor <

* «« ^ ’

364 Anno fcxto & feprimo Gulielmi IIL 0.15, lfi. [1%,

J*** PgP- in thi courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, cud Excheque, «*c.»« f W' ** Weftminfter, which was to continue and be in force fa or* S* I • •  from  the  five and twentieth day of March, onefooubndfci

fkundred ninety and three, and from thence to theeodot fcj next feffion of parliament, and no longer, (hall be and stat* by continued, and (hall be in force for the fpaceof one ja more, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of paifia-ment, and no longer.

CAP. XV.

An a& to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from a&hms whkhhte^tbe liable to, by reafon of his difeovering to whom he paid and didnbored ieveral funis of money therein mentioned, to be received ott of t* treafure of the Eaft India company, jar for any profocohoo fa fah distribution.

CAP. XVI.

An aS to prevent exatlions of the occupiers of locb ad wears upon the river of Thames wcjfward, and for f . ccrtaimng the rates of water carriage upon the/aid river.

WHEREAS the rivers of Thames and Ids boottmesattf mind beennavigable frmthe city of London to the v&qt If Bercott, in the county of Oxford, and for divers years kft fdi from the faid village of Bercott we Award, fomewhat farther tbs* Lctchlade in the county of Gloucefter: And whereas, for the fcs-ft and convenience of the navigation, there have been and are Sxer. loch, wears, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, floodgates, asishr engines in, upon, or near adjoining to the [aid rivers, the tenses r occupiers whereof anciently took, and fillought to take, a msdrz and reafonable price from the owners of all barges, boats, or ithc vejfels, having occajton to make ufe of the fame, or of thdr ajfjhzt for or in their pajfage, but have of late years rmfed thdr prua j* high, that the price of the water-carriage on thou rivers, byrajk thereof, has been alfo very much raifed: And whereas then <shfa baveperetofore been committedby the bargemen in their sudgstmupon the /aid rivers: For remedv whereof,

1^^,.  U.‘Be it therefore enadtea by the King’s moft excellent nu-

Sourer  ky and with the advice and confent of the lonb Ipiritol

&e. have ’ ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afa-power to (et bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and sfer the rates, for the first day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord wwigfa up-onc t^0U^nd fix hundred ninety five, the juftices of foe peace, on Thames F for the time being, of the feveral counties of Wilts, Gkunfr* and Ifis, and Orfork, Berks, and Bucks, within their refpe&ive counties kz make orders ever hereafter (hall bt and are hereby declared to becommifibo-about them. cr8 for putting in execution the powers and authorities hot-in after mentioned (that is to fay) the faid commiffioners, or srj five of them, (hall have full power and authority, from time 2 time, at their refpeitive general quarter feffions of the peas, upon due examination of the matter in controverfy, upon oa£, to make orders, and conftitutions for fettling and afeertaink; reafonable rates and prices to be taken from the owners of barges, boats or vends, by the tenants or occupiers of all fun

lodi

t<>95’] Anno lexto'&feptimoGuuELMi III, c. l6,  365

locks, wears, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, floodgates, or other engines, within their faid refpedfcive counties, for the help and affiftance which such barges, boats, or veflels may or (hall receive thereby, or by means thereof, in their paffage upon the faid rivers, regard being had, as well to the ancient rates which have been taken, as the neceflary charges of repairing such locks, wears, bucks, winches, turnpikes, floodgates, and other engines ; and alfo to constitute and appoint all such other neceflary rules and orders concerning the faid navigation, and alfo con* ceming such locks, wears, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, floodgates, or other engines, within their faid refpeAive counties, and the (hutting, penning, opening, drawing, ufe or management thereof, tor the benefit and fefety of the faid navigation, and concerning all barges, boats or veflels palling by, through, or with the help of the fame, and the behaviour of all barge* men, boatmen, and watermen belonging to or working in such badges, boats, or veflels, fo as to prevent such abufes which have been frequently heretofore committed by them in the navigation, as to the faid commiflioners, or any five of them (hall feem meet.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority afofrefaid, That Juftice* of

from and after the feid first day of Mayy the faid juftices of the Pcacc h*ve peace, or any five of them, m their refpedtive general quarter  of

fetfions next after Eajier day yearly, (hall have power and au- water-car-thority, and they are hereby enjoined and required, to affefs riage upon and rate the prices of the carriage 6f all forts of goods what- Thame*, &c. foever, from any place in their feid refpedHve counties, to any

other place or places upon the faid rivers, in luch boats, barges, or veflejs, and (hall give publick notice in writing to the mayor or other head officer in every market town within their faid re-  i  *

fpedtive counties, of the rates and prices fo fet and aflefled, and of all other rates and prices, which (hall be rated and aflefled by virtue of this adt: and if any owner or proprietor of any such 51* p*n*fcy far barge, boat, or veflel, (hall, at any time after such notice, take ™orc for the water-carriage of any goods or merchandizes above the  CR

rates and prices fo let as aforesaid, or if any perion or perfons whatfoever (hall break or adt contrary to any rules, orders, or conftitutions, which (hall be made in purfuance of this adt, every such perfon fo offending (hall for every offence forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by the party grieved, with double cofts of fuit, in any adtionof deot, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced or profecuted in any of his Maiefty's courts of record at Wtftwinjier^ wherein no efloin, prote&on, or wager of law, (hafl be allowed.

IV.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadted by the authori- juftices of af-ty aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be fize of Oxford aggrieved by reafon of any such rules, orders, conftitutions, or maX vacatc afleflments, ft) as aforefaid to be made by the faid comnaiflion-

ers, or any five of them, it (hall and may be Iawfuf to and for the juftices of affize of the feid county of Oxford, for the time being, upon complaint ixlade by such perfon or perfons grieved, within the fpace of one year next after the making of fuen rules,

orders.

Orders by juftices of peace to be reeiftred in femonsy and continue tor 7 years*

Anno fexto & feptimo Guliblmi in. c.16. [ifc.

orders, conftitutions, or afieffinents, to confirm, note,« alter the fame, in such manner as (hall be thought nx£c& venient.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaded bythtaoibr, afarefaid, That all such rules, orders, conftitutions, anda# moits, other than of the rates for carriage, which (hall bees by the hud commiffioners, or any five of them, inpurtarr: this aA, (hall be written in parchment, and figned by tie commiffioners, or any five of them, and be bptamc^ai records of the feffion of the peace of that county wittbk. the fame (hall be made; and the(aid rules, orders, conffitoj, and afleffinents, other than of the rates for carriage, lo (pdb thefaid commiffioners, or confirmed or altered on fud^ as aforesaid, (hall continue in force from the making tbcic * by the faid commiffioners, or the confirmation or item thereof by the (aid juftices of affize, for seven years, andtrj thence until fome new order, rule, conffitution^ffliEfa, (hall be made in the fame cafe by the (aid commiffioo^am five of them, every which new order, rule, coofeutaa, c afieffinent, (hall be fubjedt to the like appeal as afadakL Locks, Sec. to VI; Provided always. That if at any time after the SdH ^-heccnm. jjy °f May* any doubt (hall be made amongft the laid cam j»"to the^ ^oncrs> m what county any such locks, wears, tacks, poor,  or other engines are or (hall be, then, and in every (uchcat

Jot preventing of all such difputes, every such lock, wu,1xh winch, or other engine, (hall be adjudged and taken to tec that county, and fubjedt to the jurifdidkion of thecommiBsr of that county, within which the lame are taxed or matosc church or poor.

Cbmmiffioiicrs VII. Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained K'z made by conftrued to give any manner of junfdidtion to at

commiffioners, to put in execution any of the powcrsorasl ftmipoww- bribes hereby granted or directed, between theWi%3 * - - Btrcotty and the city of Oxford, nor to repeal or import & powers or authorities granted to the commiffioraninaodbyai ad made in the ,one and twentieth year of the repo! &c James the Firft, intituled. An aft for mating the me fTte \navigable for bargesy boats, and UgbterSy from tbevikptf Ik in the county of Oxford, unto the univerfity and dtj if Oxk but that the fiud commiffioners or the more part of thes, virtue thereof and of this a£t, (hall have power and auth-r from time to time, with such confent as in the tad Mr adt is required, to ordain and make orders and amffitutk® the good and orderly ufage of the pafTage by water on inn of Thames, betwixt the City of Oxford and the village of and for all locks, wears, or turnpikes thereof, made or: made, and maintained at the charge of the imiveriity sale of Oxfordy or otherwife,.and for the reparation and amends thereof; and for all boats, boatmen, paffengers, wharfs,: riages, and rates for carriages, by or through the (aid pul-and to fet, lay, do9 and execute all things conccrsingtk^

betwixt Bcr-cott and O* ford.

a

i<}5-] Anno fcxto & ieptimo Gulielmi HI. c. 17.  367

in the faid first recited ad are ordained and direded, fubjed vertheleb to such an appeal as is therein mentioned; and alfo, hat upon the death or removal of any of the prefent commif-ners tor executing the laid recited ad, die furvivine commif-ners for the mnverfity and city of Oxford refpediveTy may, at y time hereafter, by virtue hereof, nominate and eled any rfon they think fit to be a commiflioner, and with them to scute aU and every the powers in the faid recited ad, accord-; to the true intent and meaning thereof, and of this preiient

VIII.  Provided alto. That nothing herein contained (frail be Tbleaftnotto iftrued to impeach or ieflen any juriiUidian, power, pr au- to kflen the »rity of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the .city of  °*

ndon, or of any other body politick or corporate, or other -fon or perfons whatfeever.

[X. And for the better preventing the damages and mifchiefs Bargemen quently done and committed by the rude and diibrderly per- chargeable ftr is rowing and managing the faid barges, and that the owners “nemlocks, such barges may be more careful to prevent the feme; be it gcc. and to tded by the authority aforefeid, That every barge-mailer, pay full cods.

I  owner of any barge or boat, (ball be and is hereby made 'werable and refponfible for any damage or mifchief that (hall done by his barge or boat, or the whole or any pf the crew his bargemen, to any of the wears, lodes, bucks, winches, npikes, dams, floodgates, and other engines in and upon ! faid river; and the laid barge-rafters, or barge-owners,

II  and may he fued and profecuted for the feme, and if found

ky, the plaintiff Audi not only recover his damages thereby tained, but his full colls of fuit; any former law or ufage to  -

; contrary notwithftanding.

X.  Provided always. Tint this ad (hall continue and be in Ad to cornice for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of nuey yean.

next feffion of parliament, and no longer. Continued r/c. 2.  t. 11. f. 25.  except as it the fevtntb  and by 22

>. 2.

CAP.XVII.

aft to prevent counterfeiting and clipping tie coin tf this kingdom.

17 HEREAS it is  manifeft that of late years the current coin

V of this kingdom hath been greatlydimmjbti by (tipping, nding, filing, entdmelting the  fame, and many faife and.

iterfeit coins have been clipped for the better  thereof:  '

i for as mttcb as it is apparent that theftpraftices of dimini/btng current coin is very mutb  occafionedby  th who drive a trade of

'ranging'broad money for clipped money, and by other arts and de-•s:

I.  Be it therefore enaded by the King’s moll excellent ma- Penalty upon

r, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual perfon felling temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembied, and by or paying lil-authority of the feme. That from and after.the first day of raretfcan it

is coined.

368  Anno  fiacto&fqidmoGoLlKLMi  III. C.17.  [i6j.

Majy which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoafcndi hundred ninety five, if any perfon or perfons whatfoercifci. at any one time or payment, exchange, lend, (ell, borrow, 2 buy, receive or pay, any broad fihrer money or filver moneys dipped, of the coin of this kingdom, for more in tale, he* fit, profit, or advantage, than the fem$ was coined fore; ought by law to go for, be lent, fold for,* borrowed or heap. received or paid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds ftrrc twenty (hillings that (hall be fo exchanged, lent, (bid far, fcr. rowed or bought, received or paid, and fo in properuo h any greater or lefler fum; one mdety thereof to his Mict, and the other moiety to the perfon who (hall Cue orinransrx the fame, to be recovered (with cofts of fait) by adion otjka. bill, plaint, or information, wherein no privilege, protean or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than ooe imparlance.

Penalty for III. And be it further enabled by the authority afanfel cafting ban of That no perfon do or (hall prefume to caft ingots or bas tfi-^er ?r ver, in imitation of Spanijb bars or ingots of filver, nor do fas? themPHkc Spa- mY mar^ or impreflion upon any ingot or bar in fitarisof the aUh money. Spam/b marks or imprefiions; upon pain that the pednbms offending (hall for every such offence forfeit the fiber bed; and alfo the fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety id hi Majesty, and the other tp the informer, to be recovered a * forefaid.

Poiuibment IV. And for the; better preventing the clipping, dimimfc^ for buying or or impairing the current coin of this kingdom, be it fair felling dip- cnadted by the authority aforefatd. That if ally perfon atet ever, (hall buy or fell, and knowingly have in his cufodw poflcfiion, any dippings or filings of the current coin of ass kingdom ; he (hall for every such offence forfeit the (aid copings or filings, and alfo the fum of five hundred pomis ok moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the informer, infer* covered as aforesaid, and (hall be alfo branded in thei^fe ched with a hot iron with the letter R. and until payxncozof tie bid five hundred pounds (hall fuffer imprifonment.

No perfon (ball V. And be it further enaded, That no goldftmfo, or ci? tranfport bul- perfon whatsoever, (hall from and after the faid firftdayoUfc be'ftamoeS^at tran*Port or cau^c to ** tfanfported, out of this kingdom i Goldfmnha. * England into any parts beyond the Teas; any molten fitarwfe hall.  foever,  but  fuen  only as (hall be marked or damped at Cv

fmitbs-ball by the wardens, feme or one of them, belong^ & the faid company of goldfmtths, which mark or ftamp tfe ~ wardens are hereby required to provide, and therewith to or ftamp all such filver as (hall be proved before them, or act them, in such manner as is hereafter mentioned, to be !;*:J filver; nor unlefs a certificate be first had and obtained xx: the hand of one or more of the faid wardens, of oath hrr, been made before him or them by the owner or owners of fa molten filver, andlikewife by one credible witnefs, that the :Vr: is lawful filver, and that no part thereof was (before the is

5>5.] Anno feitf> & feprimo GulielMI III. c. 17."  369

jlten) the current coin of this realm, nor dippings thereof, r plate wrought within this kingdom; which oath the faid rdens, or any one of them, are and is hereby required and au-)rized to adminifter, and likewife to make and grant a certi* ite thereof without fee or reward, an entry of which certift* e (hall be duly made by the faid wardens* in a book to be »t for that purpose ; ana in cafe any perfon whatfoever, who 11 offer any molten filver to be marked, as is aforesaid, (hall prove by his or her oath, and likewife by the oath of one lible witnefs, that the filver offered to be marked is lawful :r, and that the fame was not, before the melting thereof, current coin of this kingdom; nor clippings thereof, nor e wrought within the fame, then and in every such cafe it 1 be lawful to and for the faid wardens, or any one of them, eize and detain such molten filver fo offered to be marked,

1 such time as such oath and proof (hall be made, as is a-faid.

I. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon whatfo- Bullion not

(hall (hip, or caufe to be (hipped or put on board any vefiel, ftamped may

molten filver not (lamped or marked by the faid wardens,

ne of them, and without certificate first obtained, of oath

ng been made before the faid wardens, or one of them, of

awfulnefs of such filver, in manner as is aforefaid (which

ficate (hall be (hewn to fome one of the commiflioners of

rulloms for the time being, before any cocket be granted

he exporting such molten filver) in such cafe it (hall and

be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's

ins to feize such filvet fo (hipped and put on board ; one

ty whereof (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccef*

and the other moiety to the officer and officers fo feizing

iune.

I.  And be it further enabled. That if atiy broker or bro- Goldftnfch on-not being a trading goldfmith or refiner of filver, (hall Jy j® buy and

>r fell any bullion or molten filver, every such perfon (hall feU bullion.

, for every such offence, imprifonment for fix months with* ail or mainprize.

II.  And for the better difcovery of offenders in the pre- What perfons s, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That it may break and may be lawful to ana for one or more of the wardens

5 faid company of goldfmhhs, with any two or more of the bullion, of affiftants of the faid company, within the compafs of the y bills of mortality, and to and for any two juftices of the within any county, city, or town corporate, out of the com-f the weekly bills of mortality, to enter into the houfe, room, rk-fhop ot any perfon who (nail be fufpefted to be guilty pf g or felling unlawful bullion, and to fearch for the fame;

1 cafe the occupier or occupiers of such houfe, room, or hop, fhall refufe to permit the faid warden and alfiftants, ices, to make such fearch as aforesaid, it (hall and may be [ to such warden and affiftanta, and juftices, with the af~

*>• IX.  B  b  fiftanc*

j?o Anno festo & fcpdmo Golielmi HI. c. 17.  [169:,

fiftance of a conftahle, to break open any door, box, trunk, cheft, cupboard, or cabinet, in aider to (Search for and dificovc filch bullion as is aforefaid; and in cafe the perfons fa fcarchinr (hall at any time find any such unlawful bullion, the perioosb finding the fame are hereby required to feize, aarwell fachbuffis as the perfon and perfons in whole poffcffioa the feme (hati fat found; and the (aid wardens, afliftants and conftabb, Hut bring him and her before the next juftice of the pace, vis (hall, upon oath made of such finding, which juftice witfcdntk weekly bills of mortality, and the (aid two juftices without the (aid bills of mortality, (hall and may examine the prim (h brought before him, or found by them refpedtivdy, upoacab^ whether the* bullion fo found be lawful filver, and whether & fame was not (before the melting thereof) the current coiaf Fcrfon ini this realm, or clippings thereof; and in cafe the hid periba hi fion buWn is exaD1^ne^ (hall not prove by his or her oath, or by the oathw found? not * onc credible witnefs before the faid juftice and juftices refpedm-proving it to ly, that the bullion fo found is lawful filver, and that the im be neither a was not, before the melting thereof, the current coin of thii coin nor clip- reajm> nor clippings thereof, then and in such cafe the tobfimoifon- juftice or juftices refpeCtively (hall commit the perionbeumi^ ed 6 months, cd to prifon, and (hall fecure the bullion fo found, aid fed Ukewife oblige the perfons that can give any evidence cooccra ing the fame, to enter into a recognizance to profecutethefej offender and offenders; and in cafe such offender and o&ndsi in whose poffcflion such unlawful bullion (hall be (band, ibj not upon his, her, or their trials on an mdiCtmem for adq the current filver coin of this realm, prove, by the oath of ®e credible witnefs at the leaft, the bullion fo found lobe bn filver, and that the lame was not the current coin of thurds] nor clippings thereof, then and for want of such piwtj fed offender ftudl be found guilty of the offence contained ki fed indictment, and (hall fuffer imprifonment for thefpxe of » months, without bail or mainprize.

Perfons ap-  And  whereas the coin of this realm is of latemd cSffsi a

prehendine counterfeited* for want of due encouragement to hegfaento fiuhpj and ooavi&ing/ons as Jhall aifeover the fame \ be it enacted by die authority j clippers, &c. forefaid. That from and after the faid first day of Mny a M^eertS^ thousand fix hundred ninety five, all and every peribnandp cat^rcceive * f°ns» who (hall apprehend and take any perfon or pqfocsvi 401. of the have counterfeited any of the current coin of this realm, or a (bciiff. for lucre or gain have clipped, waftied, filed, or any ways j minilhed the fame, or (hall bring, or caufe to be brought, d this kingdom, the dominion of Wales* or town of Berwi*^ on Tweed, any dipt, falfe, or counterfeit coin, and prad Inch perfon or perfons, until he, (he, or they, be conv&dJ any such offence, (hall have and receive from the fheriff cr a riffs of the county, where such conviction (hall be made, every such offender fo convicted, the fum of forty pec (without paying any fee for the fame) within one month J

. -  'J

2.

1695] Annofexto&fepdmoGulielmiIII. C.i7.  371

fuch conviftion and demand thereof made, by tendring a certificate to the faid (heriff or (heriffs for the time being, under the hand or hands of the judge or juftices before whom such traitor or traitors, offender or offenders, as aforesaid, (hall be convicted, certifying the conviction of such traitor or traitors done within the county of the faid (heriff or (heriffs, and that such traitor or traitors was or were taken and profecUted by the per-fon or perfons claiming the faid reward, which certificate as x aforesaid, the (aid judge or juftices are hereby required to give :

And in cafe any difpute (hall happen to arile between the per-. fons apprehending and profecuting to conviction such traitors as aforesaid, touching their right and title to the faid reward, that then the faid judge or juftices fo refpeCtively certifying as aforesaid, (hall in and by their faid certificate direft and appoint the faid reward to be paid unto and amongft the parties claiming the fame, in such (hare and proportions as to the faid judge or juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable : And if default of pay- Sheriff not • ment of the (aid fum or films of money (hall happen to be made ^^doaWe by any (heriff or (heriffs, such (heriff or (heriffs, fo making de- to the appro-fault, (hall forfeit to the perfon or perfons, to whom such money benders, is due as aforesaid, double the fum or fums of money he ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or adminfftrators, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminfler, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein but one imparlance, and no effoin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, with treble cofts of fuit by him or them expended in recovery of the fame.

X.  And it Is hereby further enafted, That all (heriffs, their Sheriff to be executors, or adminiftrators, upon producing such refpeCtive allowed the certificates, and the receipts for the money by them paid in purfuance of this aft, (hall be allowed, and are hereby im- not fuffcieat powered to deduft, upon their accounting with his Majesty, all in hit hands, monies (other than the double fum and (urns of money ana cofts to be repaid of fuit) which they (hall diiburfe as aforesaid, without any fee ]?£*hc trta~ or reward whatfoever.

XL Provided always. That if, upon the account of any BJ 3 Oto. 1. (heriff or (heriffs, there (hall not be jnaney fuflicient in hands of such (heriff or (heriffs to reimburfe him or ththetord* such monies paid by him or them by virtue of this aft, that trtafurtr. then the (heriff or (heriffs, having fo paid the faid monies,

(hall have the fame repaid by the lord treasurer or commiftioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, out of the revenue of the crown, upon certificate from the clerk of the pipe to that effeft.

XII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, pcrfon guilty, That if any perfon or perfons, being out of prifon, (hall, on convi&ing from and after the faid first day of May, one thousand fix hun- twodoll*Ts dred ninety five, be guilty of clipping, coining, counterfeiting, par on * walhing, filing, orotherwife diminithing the coin of this realm, and afterwards difcover two or more perfon or perfons, who

B b 2  already

37* Anno fextD&fepdmoGuuELMi HI. 0.17.  [1695.

already hive or hereafter (hall commit any of the (aid crimes* fo as two or more of the perfon or perfons difcovered dull be convifted of the fame; any such difcoverer (hall himfelf have, and is hereby intituled to* the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs ana fuccefibrs, for all such crimes which he or they have committed at any time or times before such difcovery Apprentice made : And ifthe perfon making such difcovery be an appren-madeTfm- ***** he (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared a * freeman* and (hall have and may exercife any lawful trade.

profeffion or myftery, with all liberties and privileges, and in as full and ample manner, as if the faid perfon had ferved the full time of his apprentice(hip; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ordinance, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority afordaid. That in cafe any feizure (hall happen of any bullion (hipped

. to be exported, and a doubt arife thereon, whether the fame tbc owner,Sec. jjC £ngijjb or foreign bullion, that then the proof (hall lie upon the owner, claimer, or exporter of such bullion, that the fame is foreign bullion and had not been melted down in this realm of England, dominion of JValu, or town of Berwick upon Tweed.

XIV.  And be it further enafted by the authority afbrc&id. That in cafe any perfon or perfons enter or (hip any bullion, allowed by this aft to be exported beyond the feas, other than in the name of the true owner ana proprietor or importer, the exporter thereof (hall forfeit the fame, or the full value thereof $ one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to the perfon who (hall fcize or difcover the fame.

. of ijAn* XV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this by°n aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to prohi-tbe King 7 bit the exportation of such bullion as (hall be licenced by his fcved. Majesty (fuch licences being entred in the books of the cuf-tom-houfe, for the port of London) fo as the fame be exported before the first day of "January, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, and do not exceed (even hundred thousand oun-of filver, to be applied for the payment of his Majesty's

Proof of fo-Tciga bullion to Be upon

Penalty upon exporter not ending in name of owner, Sec.

Certain quan-

ces of

TOTCCS.

CAP.

Anno fexto & feptimo Gdlielmi III. c. 19.  373

CAP. XVIII.

}n ail for granting to bis Majejiy certain duties upon glafs wares, Jlone and earthen bottles, coals and culm* for carrying on the war againfi France. Continued per flat. 7 & 8 W. 3. cap. 31. But half the duties on glafe and glafs wares, and die whole duties on (tone and earthen wares, taken away per flat. 9 & 10 W. 3. cap/

45. and afterwards the remaining half duty on glafs and glafs wares taken away per flat. 10 & 11 W. 3. cap. 18*

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

E7E your Majejiy9s mojl dutiful and loyal fubjeits, the commons V ajfembled in parliament, for a further fupply of your Maje-s extraordinary occajions* for and towards the necejfary defence^ of r realms, and carrying on of the war againji the French King, humbly prefent your Majejiy with the gift of the impofttions, rates 1 duties, herein after mentioned 5 and do befeechyour Majejiy, that FromC. t. to f. my be enaiied: &c.  **• EXP-

KIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Duties laid tat for all forts of coals and culm (except charcoal made of upon glafc od) which from and after the (aid nine and twentieth day of tember* in the year of our Lord one thousand fixhundred ninety Duties^pon (hall be water-born, or (hall be laid on board any (hip or coal or culm lei to be carried, imported or brought, or which (hall be brought into ried, imported or brought in any (nip or veflel, into any P°rt,given t or place in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* jlefi ^faies are town of Berwick upon Tweedy from any port or place within ufired, and faid kingdom, dominion, or town of Berwick, or from the others granted gdom of Scotland, in or during the fpace of five years, com- b 10 * 11 icing from the faid nine and twentieth day of September* p^icuiar re (hall be paid and anfwered unto his Majesty, his heirs and ntes. reflors (over and befides all other impofitions, duties and is of money, in any wife due or payable for the fame) the tral and reipedtive impofitions, rates, duties and fums of ncjr following (that is to fay) (1) For every chaldron of all Coil per cbal-1 iorts of coals as are ufually fold by meafure, reckoning fix ^ron 58f thirty bu(hels to the chaldron Winchejier meafure, the fum of (hillings. (2) And for every chaldron of culm, reckoning Culmperchd-and thirty bufhels to the chaldron Winchefter meafure, the dron 1«.

1 of one (hilling. (3) And for every tun of all forts of coals ally fold by weight, imported or carried in any (hip or veffel , s> n any p^rt of England or Wales, or from Scotland, into any er part or place in England or Wales* reckoning twenty bun-d weight to each tun, the fum of five (hillings.

CV. Which faid feveral impofitions, rates, duties and fums hcreafidand money aforesaid, (hall from time to time, during the faid continued by n of five years, be anfwered and paid at the refpedtive ports 7 & 8 W. 3.

places of importation, or landing of the faid coals and c ^xj w n, unto bis Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, or to filch of- *  #

B b 3  ficer  ’

m

fo & xi W. 3. c. 11.

s Annas, flat, a. c. 4.

4  Anns, c. 6.

5  Anns, c.19. $ Anns, c.4. 9 Anns, c. 6.

6  c. at.

11 Anns, flat, a. c.9. 8c c.17. I Geo. 1. flat, s. c. 13.

3 Geo. 1. c. 7. c Geo. 1. c. 9. fee. 19.

6 Geo. v. e. 4. xiGeat.c.ai. Doties to be paid in the port of importation before breaking bulk. If coals be landedbefore duties paid, both coals and flip are forfeited.

Tbe King, or four commif-fioners of the cuftoms, may appoint sleighert, who Dial! certify the weight of the coals.

Anno fexio & feprimo Gulielmi III. c. 18.  [160;

fleer or perfon as (hall by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbn. or by the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any fo/ or more of them for the time being, under thedr hands ix feals, be thereunto appointed, by the mafter, owner, or owner, or other perfon or perfons having or taking the charge of an (hip or veffel on which any such coals or culm (hall be kk, pr wherein fhey (hall be imported, carried or brought, hden bulk otthe faid (hip or veflel (hall be broken, or any the fa coals or culm unladen, and before any meter, meafarer* weigher (hall be appointed for the meafuring or weigfci^ thereof 3 upon receipt whereof, the party appointed to rece-ie the fame (hall without: delay, fee or reward, deliver a receipt coder his hand, to the perfon or perfons who fhall pay the fa duty; which receipt (hall for fo much be a fuffirient dilchir^; of all which (hips and veflels, and of the coals and culm therein imported or brought, due entries (hall be from time to time made in the cuftom-houfeof or belonging to such port or place, where such importation (hall be made (it any cuitom-hoirie be there) or elf* in the cuftom houfe of the next pot or place where such importation (hall be; and in cafe any of the faid coals or pulm mall be unlhipped, to be laid on hnd, bdort the impofitions, duties or Turns aforefaid relpeflively due forth; fame (nail be paid or fecured, that then, as well tne (aid ca) and culm fo unthipped, as alfo the (hip or veflel out of whki the fame (hall be fo unlhipped, with all her guns, tackle, fixture and ammunition, (hall be forfeited and Toft; one mokrrc which forfeitures (hall be unto his Majesty, his heirs and foccc-fors, and the other moiety to such perfon or perfons as (hall fcr*. fue or inform for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Mk-fty’s courts of record at Weflminfter, by adUon of debt, )rL plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protection orwager oc law (hail* be admitted.

XVI.  And to the end that the faid impofitions and duties may be duly anfwered and paid, without fraud or covin, am for the better levying and collecting thereof, and far the tfifco-] very of the juft quantities of all forts of coals and culm, to water-bom, imported or unladen as aforefaid; be it further cradled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be li»-| ful to and for his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to or il any four or more of the faid'commiflioners of the cuftoms ifl the time being, by writing under their hands and feals, faq time to time, to aflign and appoint, within each port 0; p!j within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of IFak, town of Berwick upon 7weed, such and fo many meters, ve? ers and meafurers of the faid coals and culm, as (hall wri the term aforefaid be imported, brought wt landed in fudpi pr place, wherein or for which such meters, weighers or m furers, (hall be afligned or appointed as aforefaid; who :i from time to time meafure and weigh all such coals and ri fo imported or brought, and when and as foon as any such ill or veflel (hall be unladen, (hall forthwith deliver a true ccrd

1695.3 Anno iexto & feptimo Golielmi III. c.it.  375

cate in writing, under his or their hand or hands, unto the per* fon or perfons appointed to receive the faid impofitions or duties within such port or place, of the forts, quantities ?md numbers of chaldrons or tuns of coals or culm refpe&ively, which (hall be meafuied or weighed, and delivered frorrvon board any such (hip or veflel* under the penalty of one hundred pounds ; ios. per chal-and in cafe it (hall appear by luch certificate or otherwife, that ^ron forfeited, there was on board any such (hip or veflel a greater number of Saneert^ed! chaldrons or tuns of coals or culm, than for which the (aid impofitions or duties hereby impofedlhall have been anfwered and paid as aforesaid, that then in every such cafe there (hall be paid unto his Majesty, his'heirs and fucceflors, by the matter or owners of such (nip or veflel, for every chaldron or tun of coals or culm fo concealed, over and above the impofitions and duties aforesaid, the fum of ten (hillings; for which, in cafe of refufal to pay the fame, such (hip or veflel, with the tackle, furniture** and apparel thereof, or any part thereof, (hall and may be attached and detained by the officer or officers for the time being, in such port or place appointed to receive the faid impofitions or duties, or to meafure or weigh the faid coals or culm, until payment thereof, and to fell the faid (hip or veflel, tackle, furniture and apparel, or any part thereof, in cafe all the (aid impofitions, duties or payments before mentioned, for the faid concealed coals or culm, (hall not be paid and fatisfied,' with reafonable cofts and charges for such attaching, detaining and felling, rendring the overplus; which fale (nail be good and ette&ual in law.

XVII.  Provided neverthelefs, That if the importer, unon Forfeiture such certificate delivered in by the meafurer or weigher, (hall favcd by poft-within the fpace of fix days after the delivery of such (hip or

veflel, give in his poft-entry, and fatisfy and pay the whole du- 5 ^ayu. ty for the furplufage of the faid coals or culm, appearing upon the unlading of such (hip or veflel, then upon such payment the penalty aforefaid (hall be difeharged.

XVIII.  And for the manifeftation of the truth and certainty officers to in the premifles, be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, keep a boolc That the officers to be appointed in each port and place for the of accounts, receiving of the faid impofitions or duties, and for the weighing money ^^cTthe* and meafuring*of the faid coals and culm, (hall refpedtively keep receivers of one or more book or books for every such port or place, where- the cuftoms, in they (hall refpedtively enter down a true account of all such "bo F**** fums of money, which (hall be paid or received for or upon ac- S^Exche# count of the faid impofitions or duties, and of all the payments quer.

and difburfements of the fame ; and alfo a true account of the numbers of chaldrons and tuns of coals and culm fo imported and unladen in any such port or place, and of the refpedHve forts thereof; and the monies arifing by the impofitions and duties aforefaid are to be paid unto the receiver or receivers general of the cuftoms for the time being, and by them to be paid and returned into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for his Ma-* jetty’s ufr, where the fame (hall be kept and entred in books

£ b 4  diftinft

376  Anno  fexto  &  feptimo GOLIKLMI HI. C.t8* £1695.

diftituft and apart from any other branch of his MajestyV re* venue.

Allowance of XIX. And for the encouraging of all such (hips or veflels as fcamen to coal (hall be employed in bringing coals for fupplying the city of ni*ty uponPC" ^ndon9 and other ports of this kingdom, at more reafonable officers im- rates than during this war they have hitherto been; be it ea-'preffing them* afted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the laid nine and twentieth day of September, there (hall be allowed year* ly, from the fifteenth day of April, until the first day of Jansta* M Sc tt W. 3. ry% free from impreffing, to every mailer of any (hip or veflH c.13. f.s. employed in the coal trade, two able feamen (luch as the ma-6 Ann. c. **. (hrr (hall nominate) for every (hip or vefiel under one hundred tun, and one for every fifty tun, for every (hip or veflel of one hundred tun and upwards burthen, according to the meafure* ment which such a (hip or vefiel (hall appear to be of, by a certificate which (hall be produced from the cuftom houfe, of what number of tuns such a (hip or vefiel hath paid for, by an ad for laying a duty on tunnage of (hipping; and if any captain, lieu* tenant or other officer, (hall by any authority whatsoever pre-fume to imprefs or take any of the men allowed by this aCt, such captain, lieutenant or other officer, (hall forfeit to the matter or owner of such fhip or vefiel ten pounds for every man he (hall fo imprefs or take, to be recovered, with cods & fuit, by action pf debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Maje-fty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction or order of reftraint, (hall be in any wile granted or allowed, and (hall alfo be made incapable of holding any place, office or employment, in any of his Maje-lly’s (hips of war.

« Asnje, g. $. XX. And whereat the impofitton upon coals exported to foreign

1.5.  .  parts is fo greats that it is almojl a prohibition, to the great diminu-

tion of his Majejly's cuftoms, the leffening of the Englith navigation, and the exportation of coals beyond the Jeas: for remedy whereof be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all coals exported beyond the feas in foreign bottoms (hall, during the continuance of this a£t, only pay ten (hillings the chaldron ; and in Englijb bottoms, only three (hillings the chaldron; any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May* one thousand fix hundred ninety five, it (hjdl and may be lawful to and for his Majefiy, or his officers in the receipt of his Exchequer by his command and appointment, to borrow and take into the (aid receipt, at interest, for his Majesty’s ufe, by way of loan, any fum or Turns of money, which together with the whole value or on^hisatt at * s*mount the fums of money which (hall be colleded, levi-y 1. per cent. c<* and paid by virtue of this aCt, (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of five hundred lixty four thousand (even hundred pounds; which fum or fums of money fo to be taken up or borrowed, (hall and may be charged upon the credit of his Ma-jefty’s Exchequer in genera}; find tallies of Joftfi* and orders for

repay.

A daufe of loan for

3 77

1695.1 Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi III. c.18,

repayment of the fame, (hall be levied accordingly, which orders (hall be affignable and transferable from one perfon to another.

XXII.  And it is hereby enaded and declared. That all and svery fum and fums of money fo to be borrowed, not exceeding is aforesaid, together with the intereft for the fame, not ex-reeding the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, to be >aid every three months, until fatisfadion of die principal, (hall >e payable and be paid or fatisfied unto the refpc&ive lender or enders of the fame, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators >r alfiens, out of the monies arifmg by this ad, fo far as the If this (apply ame (hall extend; and fo much as the faid aft (hall fall (hort f*5,eth j* P*y-)r be deficient for paying, the fame (hall be payable, and be ^drivento** laid or fatisfied unto, the refpedive lender or lenders of the fame, be Surged, lis, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, out of any if the next aids or fupplies to be granted to his Majesty in par-iament; and (hall be transferred and transferable thereunto.

5 foon as any such aid or fupply (hall be granted; and in cafe 10 such aid or fupply (hall be granted to his Majesty before the If no aid rive* econd day of February, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, bfforeFeb.*. hen the laid fum and fums of mdney fo to be borrowed, not charged xcecding as aforesaid, and the intereft thereof, (hall be payable, * nd be paid and fatisfied to the faid lender or lenders, his, her ir their executors, adminiftrators or alligns refpedively, by and >ut of any of his Majesty*$ treafure, which from thenceforth (hall ome into, be or remain in the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, not being already appropriated to any particular ufes by ny ad or ads of parliament before this time made.

aXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Nine (hips to That nine of the (hips of war, part of the forty three, which thc co ly an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament were appointed to * ruife in feveral ftations to guard the coafts and trade of this :ingdom, are hereby appointed to cruife or convoy (that is to ly) fix on the Northern coafts, and three on the Weftem oafts, in such ftations as (hall be direded by the lord high ad-niral of England* or commifiioners for executing the office of ard high admiral of England for the time being, for the better troteding and prefervjng such (hips and veffels as (hall be employed in the coal trade.

aXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, 1 months time That there (hall be allowed, to every mafter or owner of any duties^anV110 hip or veflel, three months time for the payment of the duty the duties t* mpofed by this ad, good and fufticient fecurity being given for be repaid up-he fame, such as the colledor or other chief officer of the port °.n exporta-r place where such goods (hall be imported or brought, (halltion# pprove of, or if such mafter or owner (hall pay prefent money, here (hall be allowed him after the rate of ten pounds per cen-um per annum for such prompt payment; and if any of the coals, or which the duty hereby granted, paid, or fecurcd, at the im-lortadon thereof, be again exported to any other place of thir ;ingdom, or tp any parts beyond the feas, then the aforefaid

duty

mama

6Scj,

378 Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi III. C.i8.  [1695.

duty (hall be wholly repaid, or the fecurity vacated, upon due proof thereof in ufual form.

Approprta- XXV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority a-inonics vifinK  That  out of the money that (hall be levied or paid in-

by thisandthet0 t^c receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon loans as otherwise, riagc aft. by virtue of this aft, and alfo by one other aft of this prefer* .W.j.c.6. feffion of parliament, intituled. An a& fir granting to his Mayfly certain rates and duties upon marriages, births, and burials, and upon batchelors and widowers, fir the term of five years, far tarrying on the war agatnfl France, the fum of fotfir hundred forty eight thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds (hall be and is hereby appropriated for the fefvices of the navy and ordnance -for fea fervice, performed and to be performed, and for pay of die officers and foldiers of the two marine regiments (that is to fayy out of this prefent aft, two hundred thousand pounds, and out of the lalt recited aft, the fum 6f two hundred forty eight thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds: and that all other monies, which (hall be levied and paid by virtue of this and the aforefaid aft into the receipt of the Exchequer, as well upon Joans, as otherwife, (hall be applied and appropriated, and is hereby appropriated td and for. the payment of his Majesty’s land forces and armies, and the paying for arms, ammunition, and other charges incident to the war, and not otherwife.

XXVI.  And for the more effeftual doing thereof, and that aft of 1 W. & the films by this aft appropriated may not be diverted or appli-for 2 s.*in the cc* to ot*ier purpose than is hereby declared and intended,

be it enafted by the authority aforefaia, That the rules and di* reftions appointed sfnd enafted in one aft made in the first year of their Majefties reign, intituled, An aft fir a grant to tbeir M&-jeflies of an aid of two Jhillings in the pound for one year, for the fpeedy payment of money thereby granted, into the receipt of tne Exchequer, by the colleftors and receivers, and for diftribu-tion and application thereof, and keeping diftinft accounts of the fame, and all other provifions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures thereby enafted, in cafe of diverlion of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enafted to be in force; and (hall be praftifed, applied, executed, and put in ure, for and concerning the diftribution and application of the faid fums hereby appropriated, as folly, amply, and effeftually, as if the fame were here particularly repeated and re-enafted.

XXVII.  Provide^ always, and be it further enafted by the

already (Worn authority aforesaid, That the weight, metage, and admeafure-(till toeonti- ment, of all coal and culm, brought to or landed in the port of Poc#  London, or in any other port or place, where there are fwom

coal meters, v(halj be taken by such coal meters for the time being, as now it is, and they to give an account thereof upon oath in manner aforefaid5 any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

Penalty fop XXVIII. And whereas notwithflanding the feals and marks that n^dwf&c. ' *** aPP°*nte£ a*d ufed by the commsjfioners of Ids Mayfly's cuftoms up-not haying thf on foreign black alamqdes qnd htjlrtag^ W order tq prevent frauds,

Rules in the

poand to be obferved.

Coal meters

695*] Anno fexto & feptimo Gulielmi HI. c.i8.  379

mdthe  feal  and fiats alfo ufidby  theluftrine company, ill men cuftom houfe

faify import  fraudulently great quantities  of French alamodes and

uflrings into tbit realm, and do utter and  fame,  by which**69 ^ j3’

neons alfo they have opportunities to export wool ana money out of '

England, to the great prejudice of this nation: for remedy where->f be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall prefume to deal or fell, buy or fell again, or fend beyond fea, any black alamodes or turnings, unlefs they have the leal or feals, mark or marks, which are already ufed for foreign goods at the cuftom houfe, or the feal and mark alfo ufed by the luftring company, for the goods manufactured by them in England, under the forfeiture Of all such unqualified goods, and alfo (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every offence; one half to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other half to the ufe of such perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or otherwife, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at  Weftmlnfier, wherein no  efloin, protection, privilege,

or wager of law, (hall be allowed, and no more than one imparlance.

XXIX.  And be it alfo enalted by the authority aforesaid,- Buyer, on dif-That if the buyer of such goods, not fealed according to law, ST • ”g5*je (hall, within twelve months after such offence committed, dif- difcharged, * cover the perfon or perfons of whom he (hall buy the fame, he Sec.

(hall not only be difcharged of the penalty to which he is hereby liable, but (hall alfo have and receive to his own ufe one moiety of the fum hereby impofed upon the party or parties that (hall fell or difpofe of any such alamodes and luftrings without the' feal or marks aforefaid.

XXX.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or per- rfV fons (hall alter, counterfeit, or mifapply, any of the feals or the mart marks now ufed, and hereby required to be ufed, for the pur-

pofes aforesaid, such offender (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to such perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in like manner, as is herein before mentioned.

XXXI. And whereas upon the ail made the  of  - S&6  W.&M.

ment, intituled. An alt for licencing and regulating hackney c’ *** coaches and ftage coaches, the ttrnmijfioners being thereby enabled

to licence ftage coaches 5 and it being mailed. That no licmce continue longer than  for one  yearfromthe date  thereof; and it being alfo in- ne_ *

ailed by the faid ail. That no perfon/ball prefume to drive or let to not to grant hire any ftage coach or coach  horfes, without having such leave or  H- licence* for

cence, as the faid (til direils; it hath been doubted whether the find *?"**[ t*me

commijfioners might male new licences for ftage coaches, after the do-^e* termination of the firft, and  fo to continue for the term one and

twenty years, and what was intended by the general prohibition of ftage coaches not having such licences, without having any  or

limitation of time: for explaining of which doubts, be it enaCted, and it is hereby farther enabled by the authority aforelaid, That pothing in the faid alt contained (hall extend or Ipe conftrued

m

380  Anno  feptimo  Gulielmi  III. c.u 1*695*

any way to impower any commiffioners, that are or (hall be appointed by virtue of the faid alt, to make or grant any licence to any perfon or perfons wbatfoever, to drive or let to hire any ftage coach or coach horfes, to continue or be in force after the four and twentieth day of Jufu9 one thousand fix hundred ninety five. And it is hereby declared and enalted, That all leafei or licences heretofore made, and which are to continue after the laid four and twentieth day of June* as for all the time after the laid four and twentieth day of Juney lhall be and are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes what-foever. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That nothing in the faid alt contained lhall extend or be conitined to be any prohibition, whereby any perfon lhall be reftrained from driving, or letting to hire, any ftage coach or coach horfes, from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June. And if the faid commifiioners, or any of them, by reafon of the obfcurity of the faid alt, have made any miftake, by granting or giving licences to drive or let to hire ftage coaches or coach horfes to continue longer or after the laid four and twentieth day of June, for fo doing they and every of them are hereby indemnified.

CAP. XIX.

IXT.  An  aft for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Basil Firebrace, Charles

Bates enquire, and Janies Craggs 5 and reitraintng them from alienating their eftates.

CAP. XX.

An aft for the King's moft gracious, general and free pardon.

Anno Regnt GULIELMI III. feptimo & oElavo.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the two and twentieth day of November, Anno Dom. 1695. in the feventb year of the reign of our fovereign lord William the Third, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, defender, of the faith. See.

CAP. I.

An a3 for remedying the ill ftate of the coin of the kingdom.

sjEd.j. ftat.j. XT7’HEREAS the filver coins of this realm (as to a great pari t H?c. C.6&7.  thereof)  do  appear  to  be  exceedingly  dim

19 ttj.c. j.* tuho {notvAtnJlaniing  feveral good laws formerly provided,

5  Elis. c. 11. ny examples of jujlite thereupon) have prafiifed the wicked and ptrra-»* Eli*, e. *• tious crime of clipping, until at length the of the moneys within

6 it7 w. j.  this kingdom is become difficult, and very much perplexed, to the as-

7'  fpeakable wrong and prejudice of  and bis good JubjeBs  in

their

381

1695J Anno feptimo Gulielmi III. C. 1.

their affairs9 as well publick as particular, and no fufficient remedy can be applied to the manifold evils arifing from the clipping of the moneys without recoining the dipt pieces-

II.  Now to the end a regular and effeflual method may be obferved A rcgdjrnie-and put in execution, in and for the receiving of the faid dipt moneys, Jj10® whether the fame be Jlerling fiber, or be filver of a coarfer allay caving of than the ftandard; and to the end the lofs upon the faid moneys fo to be dipt money. recoined (to wit) the quantity of fiber that is dipt away, or defidenl in the Jaid moneys, may' be better known and adjufted, in order to the making faftsfafiion for the fame by a publick charge or contribu-tion, Be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent npajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That on or before the first day of February, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, the prefent com- On or before miflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any one or more of them 1 Feb. 1695. now being, or the lord nigh treafurer, or any one or more of the commiilioners of the treaiury for the time being, (hall, with the afliftance of the chamberlains of the Exchequer, the under treafurer, the auditor of the receipt, the clerk of the pells, and the deputy chamberlains there, or with the afliftance of any three or more of them, and in the prefence of any perfons who have loans owing to them at the Exchequer, and will voluntarily offer themfelves to be prefent, caufe all the dipt money, being fterl- The dipt mo. ing (ilver, or being filver of a coarfer allay than the ftandard, n*yin tfaeE*-and which (hall be then a&ually remaining in the King’s re-ceipt of the Exchequer, upon the account of taxes, revenues, and’entxw. 9 loans or other wife, to be exaftly numbred or told, and to be alfo carefully weighed, and the tale and weight thereof to be fairly entred in a took to be kept for that purpose within the faid receipt, whereunto all perfons concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, without fee or charge; and in the fame book there (hall not only be exprefled the general tale of all the faid dipt moneys that (hall be then found within the faid receipt, but alfo the particular remains thereof (hall likewife be fet down and infertea, to wit, how much thereof is for cuftoms. Setting down how much thereof for excife, how much thereof for any aid, how much for and fo of all the reft; and (hall thereupon immediatdy caufe all cuftomi^&c. such dipt money, fo found in the (aid receipt, to be there,  a#cj

or in fome convenient place within the precin&s thereof, melted aflkyed’and down and caft into ingots, and fo to be eflayed and ddivered coined, by weight into his Majesty’s mint or mints, where the officers (hall receive the fame, by indenture, to be there immediately refined, or otherwife reduced to fterling, and to be coined by the mill and prefs, into the current money of this realm, to hold such weight and finenefs as are preferibed by the prefent indenture with his Majesty’s mafter and worker for making of filver moneys at the tower of London; and with such allowance, called, the remedy, as is given to the faid mafter, by the faid indenture , whrch weight and finenefs are hereby declared to b** and (hail remain to be the ftandard of and for the lawful filver coin of this kingdom.

III.  And

382  Anno  lepdino Gulielmi III. c.i. £1695.

Charge of re*  in. And be it further enaded by the authority aibrefeai,

•“““K* That all the new money proceeding from the film of the bid dipt moneys (except the necefisury charge of making the (aid - new money) which charge (hall not exceed fourteen pence upon every pound weight tray, and except the neceflary charge a New money to melting and refining, (hall from time to time, as faft as such be brought new money (hall be coined, or at lead by weekly payments, be into the Ex- brought back into the receipt of his Majeuy’s exchequer, and be placed'te^ac- • t^iere P*ace<^t0 the refpe&ive accounts of the fold particular recount. " venues, taxes, Joans, or other branches to which the clipt-mo-See 7 & S'w. 3. neys belonged, in foch manner as that the new money wall be c.t$. f.}6. applied, to every particular branch or fond in such or the like proportion as the dipt money taken from that particular branch or fund (hall bear to the fum of the dipt money fo as aforefoid to be taken from the whole, and (hall be ifTued, paid out, and difpofed accordingly, fo far as the fame will extend, and fo as that in all cafes where any of the faid dipt moneys were appropriated, by any former ad or ads of parliament, for repayment of loans, or for latisfadion of intereft-money, or for payment of annuities, or other ufes, the new moneys coining indead thereof, fo for as the fame will extend, (hall be appropriated, ifliied and applied to the fome refpedive ufes, without being di-Fenaltv of vcrte^ or divenible to any other ufe, or being mifeppiied, un-*u&pplying der the penalty of incurring the fome forfeitures and difobUities, new money*, by the officers or other perfons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverting or mifopplying the money of such taxes, revenues, loans, or outer branches, in cafe the fome were not recoined.

,  .  IV.  And  be  it further enaded by the authority aforefoid,

kept in the ** That a true account (hall be kept in the faid receipt of Exche-Exchequerof quer, expreffing therein particularly every fum of the new mo-the new mo- neys which (hah be brought to that receipt, from die mint or ney* brought mints for the proceed of the fold dipt money appointed to be om the mint. reco|ne^ aJ aforefoid, to the end the differences between the fums in tale of the faid dipt money, and the (urns in tale of the fiud new moneys proceeding therefrom, may be plainly known and manifoded, and to the end the deficiencies which will therc-Deficiende* to by be occafioned in the produce of the faid revenues, taxes, be made good, loans and other branches may be afcertained, in .order to the making them good at the publkk charge; to which book all perfons concerned, at feafonable times, (hall alfo have free ac-cefs without fee or charge.

Receivers, See. V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefoid, That of the revenue the feveral receivers general, and their feveral oeputies, and the to take dipt particular receivers, collectors and other officers, who have, or moneys, fhall have, or be intruded with the receipt or coliedion of his Majedy’s revenues, impofitions, duties, taxes, aids or fupplies, or any of them, now granted or in being, or hereafter to be granted, (hall, and by this ad they are Teverally required aod enjoined to accept and take in payment for his Majesty’s ufe,

for

3*3

1695*] Aimo feptimo Gulielmi III. c. 1.

for or upon account of any of the faid revenues, impofitions, du-

taxes, aids, or fupplies, refpedtively, such dipt monies as being fterling

ties*

aforefaid, being fterling filver, or being filver monies of a coarfer Aver, orfilver

allay than theftandard, from such perfon or perfons, bodies po-

litick or corporate, as (hall tender the fame, in or for such fame value 4$

payments refpedtively, at any time or times before the fourth day if undipt.

of Afay, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix

hundred ninety fix, at the fame rate or value, as if such monies

were undipt or undiminifiied, and fhall not refufe any piece or

pieces of filver monies fo tendred, by reafon or pretence of their .

being worfe, or holding more allay than ftandard filver, fo as ..

fuch piecfe or pieces do not evidently appear to be made of cop-

per or bafe metal plated over or wafhed with filver only.  <

VL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That  -  '  ,

the tellers in the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer refpe&ive- ExchMucrthC !y, fhall at any time or times before the four and twentieth day may receive of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, not only receive dipt money, and take to his Majesty’s ufe, at the receipt of Exchequer, the and tak« I1/** faid dipt monies which (hall have been fo received or colleded  di- ’

by the faid receivers general, and their feveral deputies, or by lifted to be the particular receivers, colledors, or other officers, which (hall received in be by them brought to the faid receipt, for the faid revenues, other kind of impofitions, duties, taxes, aids, or fupplies before mentioned, butmoncy# fhall aHb at any time or times before the faid four and twentieth day of June, receive and take to his Majesty’s ufe, in such dipt money as aforesaid, any loans which (hall be authorized to be • made or received there, or any other payments which (hall be due to his Majesty; unlefs such loans or payments, or any of them, (hall be fpecially dire&ed by any other ad or ads of parliament, to be recdvea in other kind <n money.

VII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, dipt money That the find tellers in the receipt of nis Majesty’s Exchequer, received for, lhall take care to fcparate and keep apart all the faid dipt monies |yanf to be that (hall hereafter be received by them for loans, taxes, revenues,  aParU

or any other caufe whatfoever, fo that it may be known which fpe-cifical pareds of money brought in (hall appertain to every particu-  ^  ^

far tax, fund or branch; andthattheprefentcommiffionersof the in theExche-treafury, or any one or more of them, or the lord treafurer, or any quer to be one or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time numbred and being, fhall once or oftener, in every fourteen days, in the pre-  .an<*

fence, and with the affiftSnce, of such officers of the Exchequer rots^and^e-as are above mentioned, and of such perfons, having loans due Gvered to the to them from the Exchequer, as (hall defire to be there prefenr, officers of the caufe all the faid dipt monies which they (hall from time to time “1^°^ find to be adually remaining in the King’s receipt of the Exche- brough^back quer for the faid taxes, revenues, loans, or other branches refoec- into the Ex-tively, to be exadly pumbred or told, and to be alfo carefully chequer, and weighed, and the tale and weight thereof to be fairly entred in p,rf!iLt0 lhf the book above mentioned to be kept for that purpose, wherein Vlnd~ lhall be exprefied the particular taxes, funds or branches where- paid out ae-unto such dipt monies do feverally belong, and (hall thereupon cordingiy.

imoie-

Anno feptlmo Gulielmi IIL c. t. ft695,

immediately caufe all the dipt monies which ihall to from time to time be found in the faid receipt, to be melted down, and caft into feVeral ingots, in such manner as that the money of one branch (hall not be mixed with that of another, in the melting or in the ingot j and (hall alfo caufe the faid ingots to be ef-(ayed, and delivered to the officers of his Majesty’s mint or mints, by indenture, exprefling the weight and finenefs of every ingot, and the particular tax, fund or revenue to which it belongs; which laid officer (hall immediately caufe such filver to be refined and reduced to fterling, and coin the (ame by the mill and prefs into the current monies of this realm, to be of such weight and fine-nefs as above mentioned j and that all the new monies proceeding from the filver of the faid dipt monies, which (hall (b from time to time be tranfmitted to his Maiefty’s mint or mints (except the neceflary charge for making the fame, and the charge of refining and melting, as aforefaid) (hall from time to time, as faft as it (hall be coined, or at lead by weekly payments, be brought back into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and be there placed to the refpedtive accounts of the faid particular revenues, taxes, loans, or other branches, to which the dipt monies did refpedtively belong, and (hall be iftued, paid out and difpofed of accordingly, as far as tjie fame will extend, and lhall be appropriated, iffued and applied to the fame refpedtive ufes, without being diverted or divertible to any other ufe, or being mifapplied, under the penalty of incurring the fame forfeitures and difabili-ties, by the officers or other perfons concerned therein, as they would have incurred for diverging or mifapplying the money of such taxes, revenues, loans, or other branches, in cafe the dune were not recoined.

Account to be  VIII- And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,

kept of the That a true account (hall be kept in the faid receipt of the Ex-new money chequer, exprefling therein particularly every fum of the new tbeUmint»!Pm monies> which (hall fo from time to time be brought to the (aid receipt from the mint or mints, for the proceed 0? the faid dipt money appointed to be recoined as aforesaid, to the end the differences between the fums in tale of the faid dipt money, and the fums in tale of the faid new monies proceeding therefrom from time to time, as is laft mentioned, may be plainly known and manifefted, and to the end the deficiencies which will thereby be occafioned in the produce of the faid revenues* taxes, loans, and other branches, may be afeertained, in order to the making them good at the publick charge.

IX.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That such mints as hi&Majefty lhall eredt for the greater eafe of his

. fubjedts, in the remptepart of this kingdom, not bring lefs than fcnbcd by this four? ^all uncjer thc mcthods and diredtions preferibed bv this aft.

X.  And in regard such of the coins of this realm, formerly made with the hammer, and not by the mill and prefs, and which do at this time remain whole and undipt, will (till be

Deficiencies to be made good.

Mints to be under method! pre-fcril eft.

Hammered

money.

$ 6$ 5*] Ailno lepdmo GtfLIELMi IlL C.i.'  38$

molt liable and fubjeCt to that pernicious crime of clipping or rounding by wicked perfons, who regard their own unjuft lucre more than the prefervation of their native country:

XI.  For the better prevention thereof, be it further enaCted Hammered by the authority aforesaid, That every perfon having such un- money unclipt hammered monies in his, her, or their hands, cuftody, or *°.be .. pofleffion, do, befbrd the tenth day of  ,  one  thousand  P“"'u*re*"

fix hundred ninety five, or before they difpofe of the fame, caufe un left ftruck such unclipt monies to be ftruck through, about the middle of through, every piece, with at folid punch that (hall make a hole without ditnmifhing the (ilver; and that after the faid tenth day of February y no unclipt hammered monies (that is to fay) such pieces Pen*'ty« as have both rings, or the greateft part of the letters appearing thereon, (hall be current, unlefs it be fo ftruck through; and if any piece ftruck through (hall appear afterwards to be dipt, no perfon (hall tender or receive the fame in payment, under the penalty of forfeiting as much as the dipt monies fo punched through (hall amount to in tale, to be recovered to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where such money (hall be fo tendred or re- ec{for bj-j & g ceived; and his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, or the major part of w. 3.  19,

them, in the general quarter fellion, upon complaint to be made f. tt. to them of such offence, are hereby impowered to take cognizance thereof, and to determine the fame, and for that purpose Juftic“ dewrt to caufe the parties complained of to appear before them, and in E^com- ** cafe of conviction, to iftue their warrant or warrants to levy such plaints, penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offenders.

XIL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, officers mak-That in all cafes where any matter or thing is by this aCt injoin- ing default, ed to be done by any of his Majesty’s officers of the Exchequer,  P*y douU#

or of the mints, or by any receiver general, or any other officer “ama8”‘ of his Majesty herein employed, and such officer fhall make wilful default in the performance thereof, by which any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be grieved, or fuffer any lofs or damage, then, and in every such cafe, the officer or officers making such default, fhall be liable, by virtue of this aCt, to anfwer and pay double damages to the party grieved or injured; and that all penalties and forfeitures arifing by this aft, in all cafes where no fpecial remedy is before appointed for recovery thereof,

(hall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted.

XIII.  And in regard the fmaller pieces of the new money to be Out of every coined, as aforesaid, will be moft ufeful in commerce, be it fur- hundred ther enaCted, That from and after the fourth day of  ,  weight of troy,

one thousand fix hundred ninety five, the mafter and worker of Scorned into his Majesty’s mint for the time being, fhall, upon every hun- (hillings, and dred pound weight of Troy of fterling filver to be coined as afore- ten pounds in-faid, purfuant to the direction of this aCt, .from time to time, to fix pences j caufe at lead forty pounds weight Troy to be coined into (hillings, omittance for— and ten pounds weight Troy to be coined into fixpences, befides fejt 10j Vol. IX,  Cc  the

3*6

eibyytct W. j. c. jo. C47.

Sixpeacct not

dipt to be current.

Anno feptimo Guuelmi III. c.t. £t%

the other cans which he is to make out of the fame, purfaas to the faid indenture of the mint; and that in cafe the malic and worker of the mint (hall omit fo to do, he (hall forfeit fc: every fueh offence twenty pounds, the one moiety thereof to be to his Majesty, the other moiety thereof to the mforaper, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no wager of law, protection, priviledge, imparlance or dfogc (hall be allowed.

XIV.  Provided that nothing in this ad (hall extend, or bt conftrued to extend, to enforce or oblige the melting down, or recoining, or prohibit the receiving or paying of hxpcnces, being of (terling diver, and not being dipt within the innermod ring.

cap. n.

Jin  alt for enlarging the  times, to come in and purchafe certain

annuities therein mentioned, and for continuing the dutic formerly charged on low wines, or Jpirits of the first a-trallion, for carrying on the war againjt France.

j.c.5. "1T7HEREAS in and by an oil lately made and p*Jft&

VV  nun t,  to wit, in the feffim at  Wefliminftcr, in th

fixth and feventh years of bis Mayefty's reign, intituled. An ad for enabling such perfons as have eftates for life in annuities, payable by feveral former ads therein mentioned, to purchafe and obtain further or more certain interefts in such annuities, and ia default thereof, for admitting other perfons to purchafe and obtain the fame, for railing monies for carrying on the war againfi France, it was enaffed. That it  might be lawful  to

any perfon or perfons,being intitled te any eftate for one life, and in any annuity pur chafed or obtained uponformer alts therein mentioned, or any of them, at any time before the four and twentieth of July, which  Jbould be in the year of ear Lor d one thoujand fix bn-1

dred mnetyfive, to advance and pay into the receipt of bis Exchequer, ft math money as every or any such annuity, being puted for four years ami an half,  amount unto; and that every

fuch perfon, or fiub as he Jbould nominate, upon  payment modi,

Jbould be intitled to tho fame annuity during the term of ninety fie years, te bt reckonedfrtm the five and twentieth day  January, at

thoujandfix hundred ninety Jive, in such manner ana form as in the faidalt ts mentioned: and it was thereby further tnalled. That ifcm perfon or perfons, being intitled to any eftate for one fife in any fiat annuity or annuities, should not before the faid four and twentieth day of July, one thoujand fix hundred ninety five, advance and pay m the receipt of Exchequer such rate or confederation money, as is before  mentioned, that then,and in every such cafe, it Jbould and might be

lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatftever, at any time and times after the faidfour and twentieth day  July, and on or befert

the twelfth day ^November, one thoujand fix hundred ninety five, to contribute, advance, and pay, into Exchequer, fo much money, as any such  an,being cemputedfor five years, did

or Jbould amount unto and that every such perfon, on fetch payment

695*1 Artna (tptlnto GulielMi III. c< 2.’  $8/

node, Jbould  have a good  eftate and  mtereft in any fitth annuity

<urchafed, during the find term of ninety Jin years j fubjetl

0 the find particular eftate for life in being and that tallies should be

evied, and orders drawn and figned, for the fame, in fitch manner as

y the faid alt is prefiribed, as by the fame, relation being thereunto

bad, more plainly and at largtit doth and may appear:

II.  And whereas divers ptrfons in purfuanct of the faid recited a!i,

did, within the faid  refpettive times thereby limited, contribute or pay

into the find receipt of Exchequer fevered of amounting in the whole to two hundred thirty five thoufond nine hundred fifty one bounds and fixpence, for purchafing further or more ieftain tjiates in feme of the annuities before mentioned:

III. And whereas the ptrfons who art or may be infilled to  of

the find annuities as doJUlt depend uponfengle  and wherein further eftatts are not already purchafid by the faid former  are or

may be willing and defirous, or (in cafe of their or any of their neglebt or refufal) other perfons may yet be willing.and defirous to purchafe and obtain a term of years, as aforesaid, in the annuities lafi mentioned, or feme of them, at the like rates, or for Juch confiderations, as were prefiribed by the faid former ali,fo as further times be allowed them for the doing thereof: now, for the better encouragement of such perfons who (hail fo contribute monies for the purpose aforesaid, and for the better (applying of monies, with as much eafe as may be, for the carrying on the war againft :

IV.  Be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and Perfons inti* with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and ***?“ *jj* the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the on the -authority of the fame, that it (nail and may be lawful to and for a<a«4& jW.fc any perlon or perfons, natives or foreigners, being (as original M.c. 1.5 Sc * contributors, or by mefne alignments, or by other lawful ways w> &M.c. and means) intitlea to any eftate for one life (viz. hia own, or *°*

the life of any other perfon) of or in any annuity purchafed or obtained upon the feveral ads of parliament mentioned In the ad above recited, or any of them, or foch as they (hall nominate1, at the rate of one hundred pounds for every fourteen pounds per annum, at any time before the four and twentieth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety (lx, to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty'a Exchequer,fo much money as every or any such annuity, being computed for four years and an half, doth or (hall amount to (that is to (ay) every such perfon (hall or may pay to hisMa- May for 6%]. jetty's ufe, for every one hundred pounds that was paid for more purchafe the Angle life, in any annuity of fourteen pounds per annum, the refidue of the fum of fixty three pounds more, for changing or converting the tefm 9t 5* the fame into a certain term for the refidue which (hall be then year*' to come of the faid ninety fix years, or for a further intereft for the refidue of the faid term of ninety fix years, to take effed after the eftate for life, as aforesaid, and in the fame proportion for higher or larger annuities.

V.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons inti-if any perfon or perfons, being intitled to any eftate for one life tied to eftate*

c C ||  IQ for life, not

388  Anno  feptimo GulielMi III. c.2. fi%

paying confi- in bring in any such prcfcnt annuity or annuities, ns afbre&ia, deration mo- or such as they (hall nominate, (hall not before the (aid four ant twcnt*eth day of June advance and pay into the receipt of Eu snay, before chequer such rate or confideration money a$ is before mentioned, fcr »9 Sept. 1696. changing such his, her, or their eftate for life, into a term ca-rc' tain, or for a future intereft, as aforefiud; that then and in even run. * such cafe it (hall and may be lawful to or for any perfon or per* 7  * ions whatfoever, natives or foreigners, having or not having any

property or intereft in such eftate for life, at any time or times! after the (aid four and twentieth day of June, and on or before ( the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thouland fix hundred ninety fix, to contribute, advance and pay into the laid receipt of Exchequer, fo much money as any such annuity, being computed for five years, doth or (hall amount to (that is to fay) for every hundred pounds that was paid far the (ingle life in an annuity of fourteen pounds a year, there OuD be paid, in all the cafes laft mentioned, the fum of feventy pounds for an intereft for the then refidue of the (aid term of1 ninety fix years, to be reckoned as aforesaid, and to be charged lferfonspay- with and (ubjeft to the prefent eftate for life, of and in the fame ing a rate for or the like annuities\ and there (hall be paid a rate or confide-amraiticsex- .ration in the fame proportion for annuities exceeding four-pflrw? mti. tecn pounds a year: and that all and every the perfon and perked to such ~ fons, fo paying the confideration monies as aforeiaid, (hall im-anmuty. ^ mediately upon payment of their monies be intitled by this ad to such annuity or annuities fo to be purchafed, and the fame (hall aft*?7W.t. ^  upon  such refpeftive fund or revenue in the faid re-

c. 5. mention* Cite& a^t mentioned, as if the confideration money fo to be coned revised by tributed or advanced for the fame had been actually advanced or this aft.  contributed within the refpeftive times limited by toe faid forme

aft; and that all and every the direftions, powers, and daub, in the faid recited aft contained, for or concerning the levying of tallies, or making forth of orders, or for making transferences or aflignments, or for the appropriating or applying the monies arifing by the faid funds or revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, fettling, or eftablifhing, any other matter or thing, tor or in relation to the refpeftive annuities thereby purchafed or obtained, (hall behind are by force and virtue of this aft revived, and (hall be duly obferved, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of such annuities as (hall be purchafed or obtained upon this aft, as fully and effeftually as if the fame powers, direftions, and claufes, were here again exprefied, or particularly repeated.

*W. & M. IT. VI. Jnd whereas in and by an aft made in the fecondyear of th

t.  c! 9.  *  #  reign of his Majejiy and the late S>uetn Mary of blefftd memory,, inti-

iGeo.», c»i*. tuledj An aft for the encouraging the aiftilling of brandy aqd Jpirits from com, and for laying leveral duties on low wines, or fpirits of the first extraction, it was enaffedy That from and after the four and twentieth day ^ December, in the year of our Lord m thousand fix hundred and ninety, until ibe five and twentieth day if December, in the year of our Lord me thousand fix hundred ninety-

fa

3*9

1695-]  •  Anno  feptimo  Gulielmi  III. c.3.

five,  there Jbould be paid by way of excife, unto their  and their

fuccejfors, far all low wines, orJpirits of the firjl extraction, drawn by dijiillers, or other makers of fpirits  andJirong waters for fale within on

this kingdom ^England, dominion of Woles, and town ^Berwick brandy, low upon Tweed, the Jeveral rates ana duties therein mentioned $ be it winei, Sec. further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the feveral duties granted by the aCt laft mentioned (hall be raifed, levied,'collected, anfwered, and paid to his Majesty’s ufe, for die carrying on of the war againft the French King, from the four and twentieth day of  December, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, to the to be raifed

five and twentieth day of  March, one thousand fix hundred nine-  *4 D,c‘

ty fix, and no longer; and thatthe faid laft mentioned a<5t, and mmcI°i6o6. all the powers, provifions and penalties, articles and daufes there- All powen ’ in contained, concerning the faid duties which were thereby contained in granted, (hall continue and be of full force and effect until the the/aid raid five and twentieth day of March, and fhall be applied, prac-tiled, and executed, for the raffing, levying, collecting, an- 5 fwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, according -to the intent and meaning of this prefent adt.

CAP. III.

An all for regulating of trials in cafes of treafon and

of treafon.

WHEREAS  nothing is more jufi and than that per~

font profecuted for high treafon ana mifprifion of whereby the liberties, lives, honour, ejtates, blood, anapoferity of the fubjeBs', may be loft and  defrayed,Jbould be juftly end equally  tried,

and that perfons accufed as menders therein Jbould not be debarred of all juft and equal means for defence of their itmoeencies in such cafes; in order thereunto, and for the better regulation of trials of per-ibns profecuted for high treafon and mifprifion of such treafon ; be it enadted by the lung’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and  •

the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and afterthe five and twen- indited for tieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix high treafon, hundred ninety fix, all and every perfon and perfons whatfbever, to have a co-that fhall be accufed and indicted for high treafon, whereby any  m"

corruption of blood may or fhall be made to any such offender day* before or offenders, or to any of the heir or heirs of any such offender trial, paying or offenders, or for mifprifion of such treafon, fhall have a truefor the copy of the whole indictment, but not the names of the wit- 7 Ann*, c. **. nefies, delivered unto them, or any of them, five days at the leaft ' before he or they fhall be tried for the fame, whereby to enable them, and any of them refpeCtively, toadvife with counfel thereupon, to plead and make their defence, his or their attorney and to make or. attorneys, agent or agents, or any of them, requiring the their defence fame, and paying the officer his reafonablefees for writing there- h? counfel and of, not exceeding five fhillings for the copy of every such in-diCtment; and that every such perfon fd accufed and irtdiCted, arraigned or tried for any such treafon, as aforesaid, or for mif-

C c 3  prifion

39°

Anno (cptamor GulielmI III. c^r ['1695.

prifioft of such treafon, from and after the faid time, (hall bt received and admitted to make his and their full defence, by coun-fel learned in the law, and to make any proof that he or they can r »» „.w produce by lawful witnefs or wjtnefies, who (hall then be upon |i*ed to affigp °*th, for his and their juft defence in that behalf; and in cafe counfel. any perfon or perfons fo accufed or indi&ed (hall defire counfel, the court before whom such perfon or perfons (hall be tried, or feme judge of that court, (hall and ie hereby authorized and required immediately, upon his or their requeft, to aftign to such perfon and perfons such and fo many counfel, not exceeding two, as the perfon or perfons (hall defire, to whom such count'd (ball have free accefs at all feafonable hours j any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

We perfon to II. And be it further enadted, That from and after die (aid 1 be tried for five and twentieth day of Marti-, in the year of our Lord one butonthe t*M>u^n^ hundred ninety fix, no perfon or perfons whatsoever | oath of a wit. (hall he indidted, tried, or attainted, of high treafon, whereby pclTes.  any corruption of blood may or (hall be made to any such of-

fender or offenders, or to any the heir or heirs of any fitch of- 1 fender or offenders, or of mifprifion of such treafon, but by and ppon the oaths and teftimony of two lawful witnefles, either both of them to the fame overt aft, or one of them to one, and the other of them to another overt aft of the fame treafon; unlefs the party indifted, and arraigned, or tried, (hall willingly, with-put violence, in open court, confers the fatn^ (hall Hand mute, dr refiife to plead, or in cafes of high treaAi (hall peremp. torily challenge above the number of thirty five of the jury; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

’n" l til. Provided always. That any perfon or perfons, being in-outlawed*y "*  fo  aforesaid,  for  any of the treafons, or mifprifions of

But have be- the treafons aforesaid, may be outlawed, and thereby attainted of nefit of this or for any of the faid offences of treafon, or mifprifion of treafon; *4*  and in cafes of the high treafons aforesaid, where by the law, af-

ter such outlawry, the party outlawed may come in, and be tried, he (ha)I, upon such trial, have the benefit-df this aft One witnefi to  IV. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority

one treafon, aforefaid. That if two or more diftindt treafons of divas and another to heads or kinds (hall be alledged in one bill of indictment, one lobedee"0^  produced  to  prove  one of the faid treafons, and another

a°wftneffM* witnefs produced to prove another of the faid treafons, (hall not be deemed or taken to be two yritnefies to the fame treafon, with-in the meaning of this aft.

No perfon to V. And to the intent that the terror and dread of such crimi-be indifted for nal accufations may in fome reafonable time be removed, be it treafon, unleft further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the XT\.l net™^ ®ve an<* twentieth day of Marti, in the year of our Lord one “ •  ’  thousand  fix  hundred  ninety  fix,  no  perfon  or perfons whatfoever

(hall be indidted, tried or profecuted, for any such treafon as afore-faid, or for mifprifion of such treafon, that (hall be committed or (done within the kingdom of  , dominion of Wales, or  town

pf  Pfrwiti upon Twetd) after  dip find five and twentieth day of

*  *  *  "  Marti,  1

1

i^95 ] Anno fcptimo Gulielmi HI. c.3.  "391

March, in the year of our Lord one thoufind fix hundred linety fix, unlefs the fame indidment be found by a grand |\iry within three years next after the treafon or offence done or committed.

V I. And that no perfon or perfons (hall be profecuted for any No profeco-fuch treafon, or milprifion of such treafon, committed or done, **5>n unlefs in-or to be committed or done, within the kingdom of England, do- dl^^gmthm minion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, before the fattl five and twentieth day of March \ unlefs he or they (hall be indided thereof within three years after the faid five and twentieth day of March \ always provided and excepted. That Exception, if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be guilty of defign-ing, endeavouring, or attempting, any aflaflination on the body of the King, by poifon or otherwife, such perfon or perfons may be profecuted at any timt, notwithftanding the aforeiaid limitation.

VII. And that all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall Perfons tried be accufed, indicted, and tried for such treafon as aforesaid, to have capita or for mifprifion of such treafon, after the faid five and twentieth days before1 * day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hun- trial, dred ninety fix, (hall have copies of the panel of the jurors who are to try them, duly returned by the Aeriff, and delivered unto them and every of them fo accufed and indi&ed refpe&ive-ly, two days at the lead before he or they (hall be tried for the  4

fame 5 and that all perfons fo accufed and indifted for any such co^tocom-treafon as aforesaid, (hall have the like procefcof the court pcl witnefles to where they (hall be tried, to compel their witnefles to appear appear, for them at any such trial or trials, as is ufually granted to compel witnefles to appear againft them.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That no evidence (hall No evidence of be admitted or given of any overt a& that is not exprefsly a^a ”^0**m laid in the indictment againft any perfon or perfons what- !ncnt? 1 foever.

IX.  Provided allb, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Noindi&ment faid, That no indictment for any of the offences aforesaid, nor to be quafhed any procefs or return thereupon, (hall be qualhed on the mo- for ““■wiit* tion of the prifoner, or his counfel, for mif-writiug, mif-fpell- exception1^be ing, falfe or improper Latin, unlefs exception concerning the raade before fame be taken and made in the refpective court where such trial evidence gi-(hall be, by the prisoner or his counfel afligned, before any evi- VCft*

dence given in open court upon such indictment; nor (hall any such mif-writing, mif-fpelling, falfe or improper Latin, after conviction on such indictment, be any caufe to ftay or arreft judgment thereupon : but neverthelefs any judgment given up- An(j not to * on fuch. indictment, (hall and may be liable to be reverfed ftayjudgment. upon a writ of error, in the fame manner, and no other, than as if this act had not been made.

X.  And whereas by the good laws of this kingdom, in cafes 0/Jury of i» trials of commoners for their lives, a jury of twelve freeholders mujl trcch(?lacrs. all agree in one opinion before they can bring a verdift, either for ac-

auittaf or fpntfemnation of the prifoner;

1  Ce*  XI,  And

' 3<P  Anno  feptimo  Gulielmi  III.  C.4J-  [1699

Peen to be XI. And whereas- upon the trials of peers or  a

fummoned »• Vite is fvfficient, either to acquit or condemn; be it further enacted £alj auidfcall ^ authority afore laid, That upon the trial of any peer or »«ir»thftfflthr, pe«ds, either for treafon or mifprilion, all the peers who haw teg,  a right to fit and vote in parliament (hall be duly fummoned,

twenty days at lead before every such trial, to appear at even such trial; and that every peer, fo fummoned and appearing it such trial, (hall vote in the trial of fiicb peer or peer els (b to be tried, every such peer first taking the oaths mentioned in an ad of parliament made in the first year of the reign of Kang Wilam » W. ScM. and Queen Mary,. intituled. An ail for abrogating the oaths of jo- i «»CaZ s. ftat, Premac7 and allegiance, and appointing other oaths; and alfo every sTc. 1. *  ’  such peer fubferibing and audibly repeating the declaration men- j

tioned in An ail for the more effeftual  the King's  perjn

and  goverment,by difabling paptjlsfrom fitting in either boufe

liament, and made in the thirtieth year of the reign of the hie King Charles the Second.

Aft not toes- XII. Provided always, That neither this aft, nor any thing tend to any- therm contained, (hall any ways extend to, or be conftrued to impeachment extend to any impeachment or other proceedings in parlia-ao^>!*!^jo. tuent, in any kind wbatfoever:

Nor to coun- * XIII. Provided alfo. That this ad, nor any thing therein terfeiting the contained, (hall any ways extend ,to any indictment of high ww* Sic. treafon, nor to any proceedings thereupon, for counterfeiting his Majesty’s coin, his great (cal, or privy feal, his fign manual, or privy fignet. The benefit hereof is extended  3  An-

pse, tap, 20. f 43. to treafons within that ait,

CAP. IV.

gfn ail for fireventing charge and expence in eleSions of members to  fe in parliament,

TX^REKEAS grievous complaints art made, and  appear

VV to he true, in the kingdom, of undue elections of members U parliament, by excefiive and exorbitant expenses, contrary ta the laws, and in violationof the freedom due to the eleiiion of  fa

' the commons of England in parliament, to the great fcandalof tic kingdom, dijbonourablt, and may be to the confutation cf parliaments: wherefore for remedy therein, and that all elections of members to parliament may be hereafter freely and indifferently made without charge or expence; be it enaaed and declared by our fovereign lord the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-

Eoral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemblcd, and y the authority of the fame, that no perfon or perfons hereaf-,ter"the *rf”ofter to be ele#ed to ferve in parliament for any county, city, the writ/or town, borough, port or place within the kingdom of England, after any focb dominion o (wales,or town of Berwick upon Tweed, after the place becomes ttnt Qf (j,e vyrit of fummons to parliament, or after the te/leortht or promtfing8 i»uing out or ordering of the writ or writs of election upon the any prefent or calling or fummoning of any parliament hereafter, or after any reward to any such place becomes vacant hereafter in the time of this prefent

696.] Anno ieptimo &o£UvoGulielmi HI. c.5,6.  393

>r of any other parliament, (hall or do hereafter, by himfelf or perTon having hemfelves, or by any other ways or means on his or their be-  f<f i?*j

yalf, or at his or their charge, before his or their election to c. erve in parliament for any counts, city, town, (borough, port, i6Geo.».c.u. >r place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or own of Berwick upon Tweed, direray or indire&ly give, prefent ar allow to any perfon or perfons, having voice or .vote in such rle&ion, any money, meat, drink, entertainment or provilion, or make any prefent, gift, reward or entertainment, or fhall, at any time hereafter, make any promife, agreement, obligation, or engagement, to give or allow any money, meat, drink, provilion, prefent, reward or entertainment, to or for any such perfon or perfons in particular, or to any such county, city, town, borough, port or place in general, or to or for the ufe, advantage, benefit, employment, profit or preferment of any such perfon or perfons, place' or places, in order to be elected, or for being defied, to ferve in parliament for such county, city, borough, town, port or place.

II. And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared. That every perfon and perfons io giving, prefenting or allowing, making, fcrveinparii*. promifing or engaging, doing, a fling or proceeding, fhall be ment. and are hereby declared and mailed difabled and incapacitated, upon such ejection, to ferve in parliament for such county, city, town, •borough, port or place j and that such perfon or perfons fhall be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared and enabled to be deemed and taken, no members in parliament, and fhall not all, fit, or have any vote or place in parliament, b\it fhall be and are hereby declared and enafted to be to all intents, conffruflions and purposes, as if they had been never returned or elefled members for die parliament. Set a Gee. 2. top. 24.

CAp. V.

An aft for granting to his Majesty an aid of four (hilling* in the pound EXP. for one year; for carrying on the war againft France.

CAP. VI.

An alt for the more easy recovery of fmall tithes.

FOR the more easy and effe&ual recovery of fmall tithes, and the value of them, where the fame fhall be unduly fubllralled and detained; where the fame do not amount to above the yearly value of forty (hillings from any one perfon ; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with , the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the^ ,o& it/r. authority of the fame. That all and every perfon and perfons ij. fhall henceforth well and truly fet out and pay all and fingular the tithes, commonly called fmall tithes, and compofitions and  ^

agreements for the fame, with all offerings, oblations and ob-ventions, to the feveral reltors, vicars, and other perfons, to whom they are or fhall be due, in their feveral parifhes within this kingdom of England) dominion of Wales, ana town of Berwick

3£l  Anno  fcptimo  &  o&avo  Guliblmi  III. c [169?,

witkupon Tweed, according to the rights, cuftoms, and pre-y~.n rithff fcriptions commonly ufed within the (aid pari/hes refpe&ivdy; not paid in so and if any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter fubftradt or with-day* after de- draw, or any ways Ail in die true payment of fueh final! tithes, a‘and> offerings, oblations, obventions, or- competitions as afonetaid, by the fpace of twenty days at moft after demand thereof, then lawful to com- k (hall and may be iawftil for the perfon or perfons, to whom plain to two the lame (hall be due, to make his or their complaint in writing j~^* y* unto two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace within * that county, riding, city, town corporate, place or dhrifion where the fame (hall grow due; neither of which juftices of peace is to be patron or the church or chapel whence the (aid tithes do or (hall arife, nor any ways interefted in such tithes, offerings, oblations, obventions or oompofitions aforefaid.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefitid. That If hereafter any fuit or complaint (hall be brought to two or more juftioes of the peace as aforesaid, concerning fmali tithes, offerings, oblations, obventions or cotnpofitions as aforesaid, .v f . the faia juftices are hereby authorized and required to fiimmon won rif/per- *n writing under their hands and feals, by reafonable warning, fbns cod- every such perfon or perfons againft whom any complaint (hail plained of, be made as aforefaid; and after his or their appearance, or upend on default on default of their appearance, the faid warning or futnmons determine the being proved before them upon oath, the (aid juftices of peace, complaint, or any two or more of them, (hall proceed to hear and detcr-and give al- mine the (aid complaint, and upon the proofs, evidences and w*t*1 teftimonips, produced before them, (hall, in writing under their cetding 19s? hands and feals, adjudge the cafe, and give such reafonable allowance and compenfation for foch tithes, oblations and competitions fo fubftra&ed or. withheld, as they (hall judge to be juft and reafonable, and alfo such cofts and charges, not exceeding ten (hillings, as upon the merits of the caufe (hall ap-• pear juft.

On refufal to II). And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons after notice*5* refufc or negledl, by the fpace of ten days after notice theconftable*, given, to pay or fatisfy any such fum of money, as upon such &c. may di- complaint and proceeding (hall by two or more juftices of the foain, and peace be adjudged as aforesaid, in every such cafe the conftabks feU the fame an<* churchwardens of the faid parifti, or one of them, (hall, by pnd fatisfy * warrant under the hands and leals of the faid juftices to them the fum mid directed, diftrain the goods and chattels of the party fo refilling charges, rend- or neglecting as aforesaid, and after detaining them by the fpace ring the over- 0f three days, in cafe the faid fum fo adjudged to be paid, to- 1 ™us*  gcther with reafonable charges for making and detaining the

laid diftrefs, be not tendred or paid by the faid party in the mean time, (hall and mav make publics fale of the fame, and pay to the party complaining fo much of the money grifing by such fale as may fatisfy the faid fum fo adjudged, retaining to themfelves such reafonable charges for making and keeping the faid diftrefs, as the faid juftice (hall think fit, and (hall render the overplus (if any be) to t|ip oyvper, *

i696.] Anno fcptimo & xAzv0 Gulielmi IIJ. c.6.  395

IV.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That it (hall and juftices to ad-may be lawful for all juftices of peace, in the examination of ail minifter an matters offered to them by this adt, to adminifter an oath or

oaths to any witnefs or witndfcs, where the fame (hall be nc-ceflary for their information, and for the better difcovery of the truth.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That this ad, or any Not to extend

thing herein contained, Audi not extend to any tithes, obla- to Ixmdoa, tions; payments or obventions within the city of L$nd*n% or n0*  1P1***

liberties thereof, nor to any other city or town corporate where ticd^Varlia^ the lame are fettled by any adt of parliament in that cafe par- mcnt; F ticularly made and provided.

VI.  Provided alfo, and be it enadtec), That no complaint for No complaint or concerning any finoil tithes, offerings, oblations, obventions

or competitions hereafter due, (hall be heard and determined within*year*, by any juftices of the peace, by virtue of this ad, unlefs the complaint (hall be made within the fpace of two years next after the times that the fame tithes, oblations, obventions and compofitions did become due or payable 5 any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That any perfon find- Perfons aging him, her or themfelves aggrieved, by any judgment to be grieved to ap-given by any two juftices pf the peace, (hall and may appeal to }^nttoJhoare the next general quarter feffions to be held for that county, to determine riding, city, town corporate or divifion, and the juftices of the the nutter, peace there prefent, or the major part of them, (hall proceed

finally to hear and determine the matter, and to reverfe the faid

judgment, if they (hall fee caufe; and if the juftices then prefent. If judgment *

or the major part of them, (hall find caufe to confirm the judg- he confirmed,

merit given by the first two juftices of the peace, they (hall then j^ce* t0Slv*

decree the fame by order of feffions, and (hall alfo proceed to c°

give such cofts againft the appellant, to be levied by diftrefs and

(ale of the goods and chattels of the faid appellant, as to them

(hall feem juft and reafonable $ and no proceedings, tor judgment No judgment

had, or to be had by virtue of this adt, (hall be removed or fu-

perfeded by virtue or any writ of CirtUrari, or other writ out of ^ ^ qUcftion;

his Majesty’s courts at fVeflmtnJiir, or any other epurt whatfo-

ever, unlefs the title of (uch tithes, oblations, or obventions,

(hall be in queftion; any law, ftatutc, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwith (landing.

VIIi: Provided always, and be it enadted, That where any Perfons com-perfon or perfons complained of for fabftradting or withholding Pj^ned of, in-any ftnall tithes, or other duties aforesaid, (hall before the jufti-ces of the peace to whom such complaint is made, infift upon &c giv-any prefeription, compofition, or Modus decimandi, agreement, ing fccurity tq or title, whereby he or (be is or ought to be freed from pay- pay coft», xnent of the faid tithes, or other dues in queftion, and deliver 101 ^ the fame in writing to the faid juftices of the peace, fubferibed Sent.U by him or her, and (hall then give to the party complaining reafonable and fufficient fccurity, to the fatisfadlion of the faid juftices, to pay alj foci) 90ft? s|f)d damages, upon a trial at

$$6 Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 6. [1696.

law to be had for that purpose, in any of bis Majesty’s courts having cognizance of that matter, (hall be given againft him, her or therh, in cafe the (aid prefcription, compofition, or Me&u dttimandi, (hall not upon the laid trial be showed ; that in that cafe the laid juftices of the peace (hall forbear to give any judg-ment in the matter; and that then and in such cafe the perfon riamanniuv w P*rf°ns f° complaining (hall and may be at liberty to profe-profecute  cute such pcrfon or perfons for their feid fubftradtion in any

any other  other court or courts whatfoever, where he, (he, or they might

court. have fued before the making of this ad; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

Judgment to IX. And be it further ehaded by the authority aforefeid, oe inrolled at That every perfon and perfons, who (hall by virtue of this *£* ***** aft obtain any judgment, or againft whom any judgment (hall derkrfdSe ^ obtained, before any'juftices of the peace out of feffiocs, face,  for fmall tidies, oblations, obventions or compofitions, (hall

caufe or procure the feid judgment to be inrolled at the next v  general quarter feflions to be hcdden for the feid county, city,

' riding or divifion; and the clerk of the peace for the feid county, city, riding or divifion, is hereby required upon tender thereat, to inroll the femej and that he (hall not afk or receive for the inrollment of any one judgment any fee or reward exceeding one (hilling •, and that the judgment fo inrolled, and fetisfedion made by paying the feme fum fo adjudged, (hall be a , good bar to conclude the laid redors, vicars and other perfons, canfrimrav anY °^ier reme<^.y ^ the feid fmall tithes, oblations, ob-other remedy, ventions or compofitions, for which the (aid judgment was obtained.

Perfon* re- X. And be it. further enadted by the authority aforefeid, moving, juftt- That if any perfon or perfons, againft whom any such judgment ces may cer- or judgments (hall be had as aforefeid, (hall remove out of the tif> the }udg. county, riding, city, or corporation, after judgment had as «her juftices aforefeid, and before the levying the fum or fums thereby ad-by warrant judged to b« levied, the juftices of the peace who made tiie (aid may levy the judgment, or one of them, (hall certify the fame, under his or Aim adjudged, their hands and feals, to any juftice of peace of such other county, city or place, wherein the feid pcnon or perfons (hall be inhabitants) which feid juftice is hereby authorized and re-

3uircd, by warrant wider his hand and feal, to be directed to le conftables or churchwardens of the place, or one of them,

.  to levy the fum or fums fo adjudged to be levied, as aforefeid,

upon the goods and chattels of such perfon or perfons, as fully as the feid other juftices might have done, if he, fhe or they had not removed as aforefeid •, which (hall be paid according to the feid judgment.

Small tithes XI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That no vicar or not to be re- other perfon (hall have remedy to recover (mail tithes, or other covered unlefs dues aforefeid, which became or were due before the making made More i  a&> unlefs complaint be made to the juftices of the

October, 1696. peace in form aforefeid, before the first day of Offerer, which

(ball

696.] Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III. c. 7.  397

hall be in the year of our Lord, one tboubnd fix hundred linety fix.

XU.  And it is hereby declared and enabled. That the fiud Joftkes may

ufiticea of the peace, ■who (hall hear and determine any of the g*ve matters aforcfaid, (hall have power to give cofts, not exceeding  “1

ten (hillings, to die party profecuted, if they (hall find the complaint to be falfe and vexatious j which cons (hall be levied in manner and form aforefeid.

XUI. Provided alfo^ and be it further enaAed, That if any If the plaintiff perfon or perbns (hall be fued for any thing done in execution  t

of this aft, and the plaintiff in such fuit Inal! difcontinue his |£ve iftion, or be nonfuit, or a verdift pafs again ft him, that then, cofts. in any of the bid cafes, such perfon or perfons (hall recover iouble cofts.

XIV. Provided always. That any clerk, or other perfon or Suits for tidies perfons, who (hall begin any fuit for recovery of fmtul tithe*,not ablations or obventions, not exceeding the value of forty (hil- ^'benefit by ines, in his Majesty’s court of Excheque or in any of the this aft. tcdefiaftical courts, mall have no benefit by this aft, or any :laufe in it, for the fame matter for which he or they have b bed.

XV.  Provided always, and be it further eroded. That this Aft to con-id (hall continue for the fpace of three years, and from thencetinue S y®"** o the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

Adade perpetual 3 Ann. c. 18.

CAP. VII.

dn ail to prevent falfe and double returns of numbers to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAS falfe and double returns of members to ferve in parliament are an abufe of trufl in a matter of the onfequence to the kingdom, and not only an injury to the perfons duly hofen, by keeping them from their fervice in the boufe of ind putting them to great expence to make their elebtions , but ilfo to the counties, cities, boroughs, and cinque ports, by which they ire chofen, and the  buftnefs of parliament  d and delayed

y; be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s mod ex-rellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ifiembled, arid by the authority of the fame. That all falfe re- rct(”rn* urns wilfully made, of any knight of the (hire, citizen, burgefs, saron of the cinque ports, or other member to ferve in parlia- p nent, are againft law, and are hereby prohibited; and in cafe hat any perfon or perfons (hall return any member to ferve in >arliament for any county, city, borough, cinque port or place,

:ontrary to the laft determination in the houfe of commons, of **11 *•« :he right of eleftion in such county, city, borough, cinque port a™“e return*

>r place, that such return fo made (hall and is hereby adjudged o be a falfe return.

II.  And be it further enafted, That the party grieved, to wit. Party grieved svery perfon that lhall be duly elefted to ferve in parliamentm,y fue

39*  Anno  Optimo  & o&avo GulielMi m. c.j. £ i6c5

minfter, and for any county, city, borough, cinque port or place, by fucL recover double f^]fe return, may fue the officers and perfons making or pro-sLatwtiS*. curing the fame, and every dr ariy of them, at hid election, h any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfiery and lhi recover double the damages be (hall fuftain by reafon thereof together with his full cons of such fuit.

The like re- III. And to the end the law tray not be eluded by double re-■"ft*"* turns, be it further enacted. That any officer (hall wilfully, toming'more Wfly and malickfciOy, return more perfons than are requited to| perfons than be chofen by the writ or precept on which any choice is made, required. the like remedy may be had againft him or the**, and the party sGeo.s.c. *4. or partis that willingly procure the fame, and every or any them, by the party grieved, at his election.

ContraOs IV. And be it further enabled, That all contra&s, promifes, eurerettirns"  fecurhies  whatioever,  hereafter  rttade or given, to

v<ud.  procure any return of any member to ferve in parliament, or

any thing relating thereunto, be adjudged void; and that whoever makes or gives such contrail, fecurity, prom if* or bond, or any gift or reward, to procure such falfe or double return, fha£ Penalty. forfeit the film of three hundred pounds; one third pan thereof to be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, another third pan i thereof to the poor of the county, city, borough or place concerned, and one third part thereof to the informer, with hn cods, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVtJlminflery by aition of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

Clerk of die  V. And for the more easy and better proof of any fach falfe or

•rown to enter dotible return, be it eriafted by the authority aforesaid, That •ndsiKnd™ the clerk of the crown for the time being (hall from time to time neat. enter, or caufe to be entred, in a book for that purpose to be kept in his office, every (ingle and double return of any member or members to ferve in parliament, which (hall Afe returned, or come into his office, or to his hands, and alfo even alteration and amendment, as lhall be made by him or his deputy in All perfons to every such return; to which book all perfons (hall have bee ac-the book* and ce^s at feafonable times, to fearch and take true copies of fb the book’, or a much thereof as (hall be defired, paying a reaibnable foe or re-copy, may be ward for the fame: and that the party or parties profecuting given in evi- such fuit, (hall and may at any trial give in evidence foch book ence‘ fo kept, or a true copy thereof, relating to such falfe or double return, and (hall have the like advantage of such proof, as be or they (hould or might have had by producing the record it-felf; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. Clerk not en- And in cafe the faid clerk of the crown (hall not within fix dap retu™* after any return (hail come into his office, or to his hands, duly Sccdptmib and fairly make an entry or entries as aforesaid, or (hall make ingany altera- any alteration in any return, unkfs by order of the houfe of tion, or omit- commons, or give any certificate of any perfon not returned, ting to per- OT lhall wilfully ncgletf or omit to perform his duty in the form im duty,  he (hall for every such offence forfeit to the party

anil

1696.] Anno fepdmo & o&avo Gulielmi III. c.8-10.  309

and parties aggrieved the futn of five hundred pounds, to be toforfeit jool. recovered as aforesaid, and (hall alfo forfeit and lofe his faid *^ofe ““ office, and be for ever incapable of having or holding the fame.

VI.  Provided always. That every information or aftion information grounded upon this ftatute (hall be brought within the fpace of to be within two years after the caufe of aftion (hall arife, and not alter, • yean.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- to

faid. That this aft (hall continue for the term of seven years, nue for 7 and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, y**»« and no longer. Further continued for 11 years  12 13 JjPi  3.

c. 5. and made perpetual by 12 Anna., flat. 1. cap. 15.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for taking, examining and dating the publick accounts.

CAP. IX.

An aft for repairing the highway* between the city of London and the _ town of Harwichin the county of EJex. Aft to continue *5 yean, unMs road* be fooner amended.

CAP. X.

An all for continuing feveral duties granted by former alls upon wine and vinegar, and upon , and Eaft India goods, and other merchandize imported, for carrying on the war ageeinft France.

Moft gracious  Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful fubjefts, the commons in further

parliament afiembled, for a further fupply to youc Mar by % jefty, for the more effectual profecuting the prefent war againft  M*

France, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted onto your Majesty the impofitions and duties hereafter mentioned, Ann*”®**1* for and during the refpeftive terms hereafter exprefied, and do f. 1. befeech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral impofitions and duties upon wines and vinegar, granted by an aft made m the first year of the reign of the late King James the Second, intituled. An all for granting his Majesty an impofition upon all t Jac. 1. c. 3.

wines and vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one thousandfix hundred eighty and five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety three; which faid aft by an aft of parliament made in the fecond year , w. & M C of the reign of his Majesty and the late Queen (of blefled me- *.c.*$. mory) was continued from the three and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and by another aft of parliament made in the fourth and fifth years of 4*5 w.&M. their reign, was further continued from the three and twentieth c. i$. day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred a.  ninety

49®

Duties on wines and vtpegar continued to *9 Sept. 1701*

1 Jac. s» c. 4.

Duty on tobacco conti-lined to 19 Sept. 1701.

iW, ScM.ff. m. c. 5. 4&5W.&M. c. 15.

How to be odd.

s Jac. a c. 4.

Anno fepdmo & oftavo GulielMi IQ. c.io# [16$.

ninety eight, (hall be continued from the three and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety eight, until th nine and twentieth day of September, which (hall be in the yea of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, and nc longer; and that the faid first mentioned ad, and all powers

Srovifions, penalties, articles, and daufes, therein contained lall continue and be of full force and effed, until the fki< nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand (even him died and one, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed for the railing, levying; colleding, aniwering, and paying, the (aid duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and inten of this prefent ad, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if al and every the daufes, matters, and things, in the faid ad contained, had been again repeated in this ad, and particularly enaded.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^ That the rates, duties, and impofitions, for all forts of tobacco, granted by an ad made in the first year of the reign dj the faid late King James, intituled. An a& far granting to b.e MajtJij, an impojitton upon all tobacco and ftigar imparted, between the four and twentieth dap of June, one thousandfix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix kindred ninety three; which (aid ad, as for and concerning <he faid duties and impofitions on tobacco only, by an ad of parliament made in the fecond year of the reign of his Majesty and the faid late Queen, was continued from the three and twentieth day of June, in the faid year one thousand fix hundred ninety three, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and by another ad made in the fourth and fifth years of their faid Majeftics reign* wad continued from the three and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, until the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety eight, (hall be continued from the three and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety eight, until the (aid nine and twentieth day of Septembery in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, and no longer.

III.  Provided always, and be it declared and enaded by the 1 authority aforesaid, That the faid duties upon tobacco, which were granted by the faid ad made in the first year of the reign of the (aid late King James, and continued, as aforesaid, and which by the faid ads were, made payable by the first buyer, and fubjed to the rules of excife, in the feveral parts of management thereof, (hall, for all such tobacco as (hall be imported between the first day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and one, be fecured, coUe&ed, raifed, levied, anfwered, and paid to his Majesty, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent ad, in the method herein after particularly direded, and with such difeount and allowances to the merchants as are herein alfo mentioned, and

no

40*

1696.] Anno fcptimd Be d&aVo GdLtELMi III. C. 10.

ho otherwife; any thing in the faid former aCts to the contrary notwithftanding: and that the commiflionCrs of his Majesty’4 cuftoms for the time being, or any four or more of them, be authorized and impowered, and the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to give the neceflary directions for feeuring, collecting, raifing, levying, anfvvering, and paying, to his Majesty, the faid duties upon tobacco, and to make the difeount and allowances to the merchants herein afteC mentioned, for all such tobacco as (hall be imported between the faid first day of May, in the year of bur Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and the laid nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and one, in the fame manner and form* and by such rule?, means, of ways, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and ex-prefled in one aCt of parliament made in the twelfth year o'f the I2 Cah i. Ci*% reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A fiubfidy granted to the King of lunnage and poundage, and other fums of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported, and the rules, directions, ani orders, thereunto annexed, or any other law nbw in force, relating to the collection of his Majesty's cuftoms) which faid aCt and aCts, and every article, rule, and claufe, therein contained, (hall ftand and be in force for the purpose* aforesaid, during the continuance of this aCt.

IV.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid,

That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitioris, duties, and charges, upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, granted by an aCt of parliament made in the faid fecond t w &  &

year of their faid Majefties reign, intituled, An aft for granting 4. c.’ to their Majefties certain impofttions Upon all Eaft India goods and Additional manufactures, and upon all wrought ftlks, and feveral other goods and merchandize, to be imported after the five and twentieth day ^Good*" Ax. December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, and which were continued to thereby to have continuance until the tenth day of November, ajSept. 1701. one thousand fix hundred ninety five, and by another aCt made ♦ * 5 w- * in the fourth and fifth years of their faid Majefties reign, were**’ c'** continued from the ninth day of November, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, until the tenth day of November, one c. 4. to con-thousand fix hundred ninety feven, fhall be further continued “i force, from the ninth day of November, one thousand fix hundred ninety feven, until the nine and twentieth day of September, w one tnoufand seven hundred and one; and that the faid aCt, in- c< ^  '  ‘

titulcd* An ait for granting to their Majefties certain impofttions upon all Eaft Inaia goods and manufactures, and upon all Wrought fitks, andjeveral other goods and merchandize, to be imported after the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fix hundred and ninety, and all powers, provHions, penalties, articles, and clapfes, therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effeCt, until the faid nine and twentieth day of September, and (hall be applied, praCtifed, and executed, for the raifing, levying, .collecting, anfwering, and paying, the Lid

Vol. IX.  D  d  duties

402 Anno feptirtio & o&aVo GulieLMI ItL c. to* [i6c£.

duties hereby continued, according to the tenor and intent of this prefcnt ad, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid lift mentioned ad, and all and every the dailies, mattm, and things, therein contained, had been again repeated in tfas Exception. a<q$ enaded particularly, except only as to such part of tk faid ads, touching which other provifion* or alterations aai made by any ad or ads of parliament now in being, whidj other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during the continuance of this ad.

V.  And whereas the methods prefiribed by the faid redid ^ granting the fni duties ppm tobacco* made in thtfirji year of tit x J*c. s. c. 4. late King James the Second* have been found prejudicial to ttsd*, and grievous to the merchants concerned in paying the fame : Therefore, for the more easy and better colledion of the faid duties for the' future, be it enaded by the authority afbrefaid, Tfet g^fecuritv t*lc Purity to be given for the faid duties upon tobacco be bj tor the duties bond to be given by the importer thereof, with one or more on tobacco, fufficient fureties, for payment of the duty at the end of eighteer months from the importation, and that there be a difcoamci ten per centum* for prompt payment of the (aid impoft duty, if Difcount °n the fame (hall be paid within three months from the date of the n^nu* entry, and of eight per centum at any time afterwards within fei months from the fame, of fix per centum if within nine months, of four per centum if within twelve months, of two per cents* if within fifteen months; but after fifteen months expired, there (hall be no difcount at all; that on any payment of tk faid duty for tobacco to be confumed here, there be an allow-91. per cent, ance for the future of eight pounds per centum* for the me-flowed for chants encouragement, in confideration of wafte and fhrink-aPc *n ce^ars* t*lat f^u^ty given by the importers fa See7Greo. v. eighteen months be difeharged by debentures referring tod* ftat. i.c. si.f. particular entries on exportations, at any time within tweht so,&u. months from the importation, and not after that time; tiur aliowedfor t^ierc  m  allowance of four pounds per eentum* incoo-

wafte of to* federation of wafte that may arife on any tobacco fo exported, taccot to be ftruck off only from the entry, ana not to be paid when the whole quantity entered (hall happen to be exported; that the debentures for half fubfidy, additional and impoft duties of the fame quantity of tobacco exported be one or more parchment or parchments, and that the oath be printed thereon k hac verba, to be figned and fworn by the exporters. That the tobacco entred and (hipped, as there certified, is really and truly exported for parts beyond the Teas on his own account, i he ads tor himfelf; or if he ads by commiflion, then on the account of such perfon or perfons for whom the deponent ads in the diredion of the voyage; and that none of the faid tobacco has been fince landed, or is intended to be re-landed, in England, Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Management vl. xAnd be it further enaded by the authority afordaid, rfduue* on That the whole management or ordering of the faid duties on tobacco. tobacco, both as to the entry and the account thereof, be made during the continuance of tm$ ad (except where it i&othenrifc -  hereby

i€g6.) Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. to. £03

hereby direfted) conformable to the methods and rules ofthO cuftoms.

VII.  And whereat hy the aft ofparliament made in thefourth and  &M,

fifth yean of their find Majcfiics reign, intituled* An aft for con- c* *$• tinuing certain afts therein mentioned, and for charging feveral

joint ftocks, a credit was given for borrowing any fums* not exceed-ing five hundred thousand pounds* as well upon the fecurity of that aft* as of thefeveral other afts therein before mentioned; in pur fiance whereoffeveral ferns* amounting to five hundred thousand pounds* were afiuauy lent at thereceipt of Exchequer, and part thereof dothfill remain unfatisfied; be it further enafted by the authority afbreiaid, Perfens That it mail and may be lawful to and for any perion or per- may lend Tons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to ad-vance and lend unto his Majesty, upon the fecurity of the im-portions and duties ariiing by this aft, and alfo upon fecurity of the impofitions and duties, which from and after the repayment of the laid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed as aforelaid, and the intereft thereof, (hall arife by the faid aft made in the fourth and fifth years of their faid Majefiies reign, any fum or fums, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, to be fupplied out of such impofitions, of other duties, as are before mentioned ; and that tallies of loan (hall be levied for all and every fum and fums of money fo to be lent; and that orders, according to the courfe and have tal* of the Exchequer* (hall be drawn, figned, and iffued, for the or~ repayment of the fame, and for payment of intereft,. for the paym^£with forbearance of every such fum of money5 which intereft (hall ui&reft, &c. not exceed the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* for the first four hundred thousand pounds; fix pounds per centum per annum* for the fecond four hundred thousand poundsj seven pounds per centum per annum, for the third four hundred thousand pounds, and eight pounds per centum per annum, for the remaining three hundred thousand pounds ; and (hall be payable every three months, from the refpeftive dates of the tallies of loan, until the fatisfaftion of the refpeftive principal fums.

VIII.  And to the end that all monies, which (hall be fo lent A reglfter to

unto his Majesty, may be well and fufficiently fecured out of the **  of

impofitions and duties arifing and payable by this aft, and alio  /it!

out of the impofitions and duties, which, from and after the repayment of the (aid principal money borrowed, as aforesaid,

and the intereft thereof, (hall arife by the faid aft made in the fourth and fifth years of their Majefties faid reign, (hall be re-fpeftively anfwered and paid ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be provided and kept in his Majesty’s Exchequer* that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of receipts, one book or regifter, in which all monies, that (hall be lent into the Exchequer by virtue of this aft, (hall be entred and regiftred apart and diftinft from all monies paid or payable to his Majesty upon any other branch of his Majesty’s revenue, or any other account whatfoever •* and that all and Lender to every perfon and perions, natives or foreigners, bodies politick a talley

0*2uigstr*

4<>4

Anno feptimo & odavo Guuelmi In. c.io. [ 169S.

and corporate, who (hall lend any money to his Mayefty upon the aforefiud credit, and pay the (ame into the receipt of Ex-chequer, (hall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his or their repayment, bearing the fane date with the talley ; in which order mall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for forbearance, after the rate fo to be allowed for the fame, fo as such intereft do not exceed the rates before mentioned, to be paid every three months, until repayment of the principal; and that all orders for repays ment or money (hall be regiftred in courfe, according to the Orders tdbe date of the talley refpedively, without preference of one before tegiftred and another 1 and that all and every perfon and perfons, natives or “C*BC^» foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, (hall be paid in court; according as their orders (hall (land entred in the regifter bock, fo as that the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall have his or their order or orders first entred in the faid book of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted as the M to be paid upon the monies to come in by virtue of this ad, or any the before mentioned ads, from and after the repayment of the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed as a-forefaid, and the intereft thereof * and he or they, who (tat have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted the (econd perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and Without tin- in courfe; and that the monies to come in by this ad or the faid due ptrita- former ads, (hall be in the (ame order liable to the fatisfa&iou dtambte. *** °f faid refpedlve parties, their'executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afiigns, refpedively, without preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to1 any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever ; and that no fee, reward, or gyatuity, dirediy or indiredly, be demanded or takes No fee to be of any of his Majesty’s fubjeds, for providing or making ct riftrineor6- mJ  regifters,  entries,  views, or fearch, in or far

Ktchmg,&c. payment of money lent, or the intereft as aforesaid, by any d his Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, upon payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending with cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take cr Tensity da demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; officer for and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be snaking un- made, either in point of re'giftry, or payment, contrary to the Sf* Cn7 truc nteMumj of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then paytnen , *c. t^c j^y offending (hall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, damages, and cofts, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged from his place or office; and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredionor privity of his mafter, then fuch'd?-puty or clerk only (hall be liable to such adion, debt, damage*, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after uncapable of his placer office : and in cafe the auditor (hall not dired the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as afore direded, then he or they (hall be judged to forfeit, and their refpedive deputies

405

1696.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulixlmi III, c. 10.

and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner as aforefaid. All which Penaiti h faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred to be rect>-°W bv any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies or vertd. clerks, (hall or may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at tVcftminfteri wherein no eftbin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IX.  Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it No undue prehappen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment as fcrence where aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor *J’C

of the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no un- fame * due preference which of those he enters firft, fo he enters them all the (ame day.

X.  Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue 0r where mo-preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the au- ney it refer-ditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do vcd *or Pay* pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their men*' money, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did

not come to demand their money, and bring their orders, in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fa-tisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, Intereft to but kept for them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the c5afc from time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them. that tlInc,

XI.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid, Orders entred That every perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies po-» may be affign* litick and corporate, to whom any monies (hall be due by vir-

tue of this adt, after order entred in the book of regifter for payment thereof, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by indorfement of his or their order, may affien or transfer his or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of receipts aforelaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaia for orders (which the officers (hall, upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall intitle such affigpee, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligng to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon: and luch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties qvoties j and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of such perfon or perfons, bodies politick or cor- Affignee may porate, who have or>ath made such aflignments, to make void, affign again, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XII.  And whereat great frauds and abufes have been and are daily committed, to tie prejudice of hit Majef/s revenue, by pretence or colour of exporting tobacco and other goods by land carriage into Scotland, and obtaining debentures for the fame* although in truth such goods have not keen really exported, or if exported, have been again clandfflmely returned into this kingdom, which practice is hardly pof-fible to be prcvtnttd upon the border/; It is hereby further enafled,

4  V  d  3  Tha

406  Anno fcptimo & oftavo Gulielmi HI. c.xo.  [1696.

No deben.  That from and after the five and twentieth day of

£5"^ which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thouund fix hun-to the book ot dred ninety fix, no debentures (hall be allowed for any goods rate*, and the pretended to be exported, but for fiich only as (hall, according flopping tefti- to the fecond rule annexed to the book of rates, be (hipt tv tranfportation, and the (hipping thereof teftified by his Ma-36(1/8 fearcber and under fearcher in the port of Londtn, or tla fearcher of any of the out ports refpedtively, and all the othe requifites of the faid rule duly performed. tkjW.k XIII. And whereas by a late intituled. An ad for gnnthg it c.5.  to their Majefties certain additional impofitions upon fern!

goods and merchandizes, the  tf twenty JbilBngs is imptjtl «

every tun tf lapis calaminaris exported from and after the M b tf May,  methousandfix hundred ninety me,  is fsxnd

perience to hinder the expertatim thereof, and utterly to ruin the as-tapis inland- nufaHure: wherefore, for remedy thereof, be it enabled by tie none to pay authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of only «*. per March, one thou (and fix hundred ninety fix, the fum of mo rate* iTthe billing* only (hall be paid for every tun of lapis calaminaris a-book.  porter), over and above the rates thereon charged by the book

S & 9 W. 3. of rates, the faid ad or any thing therein contained to the coo-c* *0. f. 9. trary notwithftandihg, to be colleded at in and by the (aid ad

t.  cITv’fo! ** direded and appointed.

Enriilh tkih XIV. And for the encouragement of such perfons as fhaS clow to have make fail-cloth in England, be it enaded by the authority afore-preference, faid. That fo much of E made fail-cloth as (hall be (buni fit for the (ervice of his Majesty’s navy, (hall have the preference of all foreign fail-cloth; and the commiffioners of die navy « hereby direded and required from time to time, during the coo-Maker* to tinuancp of this ad, to con trad and agree for such  \

have *d. per (ail-cloth, and to allow the makers and manufacturers thereof 1 yard more,  recotnpence of two pence per yard for the fame, above what they

Made perpetual pay for foreign doth of equal (trength aad goodnefs.

9  c’*,‘  XV.  Ana whereas by reaftn tf great Met befallen traders

the prefmt war, many perfons, who are debtors to the King fir impofi or additional duties of goods already imported, have Hun fasti to abfeond, but yet art witling to pay what they are able; be ir a-pu- not adea by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be livable to pay the fid for the lords commiffioners of the treafuty, or any thietv new imports, more of them, or the lord treafurer for the time being, accord-may com-  fog to their ffifcretion, to compound with such perfon or perfons

pound.  a$ havc foftained great lodes by the prefent war, and have ben

forced to abfeond, for any monies by them or any of them doc pr owing for new impofi or additional duties, or any bond a bonds given for fecuring of new impofi or additional duties, although such impofition or duty on which the debts owing by such perfon or perfons are appropriated to particular ufes, foas this power (hall not extend to any such debts contracted, or booh given, after the first day of February, one thousand fix hundred ninety five 3 any thing in any former sufi or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftandmg.

•  '  •  -  XVI.  hi

lf>9&] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. io.’ 407

XVI.  And whireas feveral merchants trading with the United Unen cloth Provinces in feveral forts of coarfe linnensy commonly called borelapps, ,t^fen-bave of late been compelled to pay cuftom for the fame as Hollands, tI£jj ad Valo”" which comes to above thirty five pounds per centum, whereby the fall rem, and pay trade (fo ufeful to the poorer fort of people) is not only likely to be lofty the dirties. but the cujloms thereby much abated: be it therefore enafted by tne authority aforesaid, That all such linen cloth, known or commonly called by the name of borelappSy not exceeding twenty

eight inches and an half in breadth, nor twelve pence an Englijb ell in value, (ball be entred ad valorem during the continuance of this aft, and pay all other duties accordingly.

XVII.  And whereas the fear city and deamefs of iron in this king- Bar-iron un. dom have of late much dtfeouraged the manufactures thereof in which

great numbers of the poor are employed: For remedy whereof for ^ited from the future be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Ireland, and it fhall and may be lawful to import into this kingdom, from difeharged of Ireland, any bar-iron, unwrought, and iron flit or hammered into rods (other than Suedijb or other foreign iron) difeharged of Jj c* ' the impolitions and duties laid upon the fame by an aft made in gw. j/ c. so. the fourth and fifth year of the reign of their Majefties King f. so.

William and Queen Mary9 intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties certain additional impbfitions upon feveral goods and mer~ chanaiztSy for the profecuting toe war againft France ; any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVTII. And for preventing the further increafe of the rate Bates of gold of coined gold, and the mifehiefs which may thence befall this realm, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and b c * after the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, no perfon fhall receive, take, or pay, any of the pieces of gold coin of this kingdom, commonly called Gui- Guineas. neasy at any greater or higher rate than twenty fix (hillings, for Half-guineas, each guinea, and not to exceed the fame in proportion for the Double gui-pieces of gold called hdlf-guineasy double-guineas, and five-poundnea*-. pieces •, and in cafe any perfon fhall offend herein, he fhall for- 5*- Piect$* feit for every such offence double the value of the gold fo re-p . ceived or paid, and alfo the fum of twenty pounds j the onercna ty-moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall fue or inform for the fame, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by aftion of debt, billj plamt, or information, wherein no privilege* proteftion, or wager of law, fhall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance. And be it declared, That nothing None com-in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to compel‘pcUed to take any perfon .or perfons to receive any guinea or guineas at thef£#ineas at faid rate of twenty fix (hillings.

XIX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Loan upon That from and after the lad day of Februaryy one thousand fix credit of the hundred ninety five, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any monies for perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or cor- annUitlc#* porate, to advance and lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Exchequer, upon credit of the monies to be contributed or

D i 4  advanced

4

P. *•

Tallies of loan, and orders.

per cent.

To be pud

eT«T% months.

408 A#po feptfmp if oltavo Gulielmi IIIf c-*o« (i6^%

advanced for annuities, by the aSt made and pafled in this prefect parliament, holden in the feventh year of his Ma}dty« reign, intituled. An aSf for enlarging the times to come in andpv* chafe certain annuities therein mentioned and for continuing the ties formerly charged on low wines or fpirits of the frrft extreBi**,j for carrying on the war againft France, any Aim or fums of mo* ney, as, together with the whole value, or amount of all the, fums of money which have been or (hall, before the (aid Is4 day of February, be contributed or advanced for annuities oa t the faid ad, (hall not exceed the fum of three hundred eighty 1 two thousand four hundred Axty nine pounds ; and tallies of loan (hall be levied for the fame, and orders for repayment (hall be drawn for the principal monies fo to be lent, ana for inttrcft thereof not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum pa Inftrcft* fl. annum \ which faid orders (hall be alfignable and txansfemUc ff*om one perfon to another.

XX.  And it is hereby ena&ed. That all and every fum and fums of money To to be lent, in order and courfe, according to the lime of lending the fame, and the intereft thereof, not exceeding the laid rate of fix pounds per centum per annum,t to be paid every three months, until fatisfa&ion of the principal, (hall be payable and fatisfied unto the refpedive lender or lenders of the lame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, out of the monies which from and after the (aid hit {lay of February, (halj arife and be brpught into the Exchequer, upon the alt laft mentioned, by or for contribution or confider-ation monies for the annuities before mentioned, fo far as the fame will extend; and the monies fo arifing by or for contribu-1 tions as aforesaid, (hall be applied to the fatjsfaltiqii of theprincipal monies to be lent in coutie, and the faid intereft thereof, and Exception;, not to be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, except only such r ’' part of the faid contributions or confideration monies, as by any other alt of this prefent felfion of parliament (if any such be) may be dirplted to be applied to the payment of prififippl, intc-reft, and reward for milled, broad, or undipt monies, (o be lent Loans gnd in- upon the credit of the contribution or confideration monies a-» an<*m the monies fo arifing by contributions (hall out of the next not be fiifficient for the paying of the faid loans, and the inte-fthlf,  reft  thereof,  then  the  (aid  loans,  which (hall remain unfatisfied,

and the intereft of the fame, (hall be paid and fatisfied out of the then next aids or fupplies to be granted to bis Majesty in parliament, and (hall be transferred of transferable thereunto, as foon as any filch aid or fupplv (hall be granted to his Majesty j and if no such aids or fupplies (hall be granted to his Ma-jefty before the fecond day of February, which (hajl be in the

Jftvr of our Lord ope thou(and fix hundred ninety fix, then the aid fum and fums of money, fo to be borrowed, not exceeding fs aforesaid, and the intereft thereof, (hall be payable, and be paid and fatisfied to the faid lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, refpelHvcly, by and out £f any of bis MqeftyY treafure, which from thenceforth (hall ^  '  *  come

Monies lent uotdivertibje.

Sg6S\ Anno feptimo & o6tavo Gulielmi 111. c. 11—14.  409

Dixie into, be or remain in the receipt of his Majesty’s Exche- or out of the

uery not being already appropriated to any particular ufes by trca*

ny a61 or ads of parliament before this time made; and that1

he monies fo to be lent on the credit laft mentioned!, fhall not .

te taxed or charged to any tax or aid whatfoever; and that no

ees or gratuities fhall be demanded or taken in the Exchequer ^ ^ nor *

or the making or repaying of the loans laft mentioned, or for taken.

he intereft thereof, and no undue preference (hall be given in

he repayment of the fame loans, under the like penalties to be

ncurred by the officers or clerks in the Exchequer refpedively,

or the demanding or taking of such fees or gratuities, or for the ^e^e'in kT

riving of such undue preference, as are prelcribed in and by an payment*

i6t of this prefent femon of parliament, For granting to bis Ma-

}efiy an aid qffour fallings in the pound, for taking or demanding

of any fees or gratuities, or for giving any undue preference, in

refpect of the loans authorized to be mane upon credit of the /

raid aid of four Shillings in the pound.

CAP. XI.

fa all for impovxrtng bis Majejty to apprehend and detain fucb perfons as be fball find caufe to fafpeft are confpiring againft bis Royal Perfon or government.

^IXTHEREAS there has teen a mofl horrid* barbarous and deteft-* * able confpiracy formed andcarried on by papijls and other wick-ed and traitorous perfons* for qjfaffinaUng his Majefifs royal perfon* in order to the encouraging an Mended invafionfm France, to the utter ruin and fubperfan of the proteftant religion* and the laws and liberties of this kingdom: yoherefore for the better prefervation ef his Majejlfs facred perfon* and for feewring the peace ofthis kingdom in this time of imminent danger* againfi (dl attempts and traiterous con-fpiracies of ovil difpofed perfons*

cap. xiif  ukttCtf.it

An aft for relief of poor prisoners for debt or damages. EXP, ^%to, 3oCar.t.

ftaLi. c. 7. iW.&M.ff.i. c.ij.

CAP. XIII.

An aft fpr taking pff the obligation and encouragement for coining of - w

guineas for a certain time therein mentioned.  *  VT*  V

CAP. XIV.

An aft for making navigable the rivers of Wye aqd Lugg in the county of Hereford.

The rivers Wye and Lugg to be deemed common for carrying of goods.

Powers vetted in the commiflioners in truft for the inhabitants of tbe county of Hereford. The directions in the aft-ii Sc 14 Car. *. to be obferved. Wears to be pulled down, making fatistaftion tp the owners.

Commiflioners, or any (even, may examine on oath $ fettle tbe yearly value of wears, Sec. and proportion the purebafe money. Commiflioners decrees to be binding, and preferved upon record. Money to be levied . on the county of Hereford. How to be affetted. Sum not to exceed 3771* 4*« } d. per men fern. County and city of Hereford, arid borough of Leovninfter, to be qfleffed 4,5161. 13 s. s d. per annum, as the commiflioners fhall direft. Commiflioners of the land tax 7 W.3. c. 5. to be ppmroiflioners for the faid afleflments. Commiflioners power. Collectors alfowaiKe*. Commiffiomeff tp peet, pad put fte aft in execution.

4io  Anno  fepdmo  &  odbavo  Gulielmi  HL C.15- [1696.

And to nominate a receiver general, who /hall give fecurity, and account for money received. Regifter to deliver a copy of orders and accounts at Michael mat fcffions. Comimflioaen may build warehotifos with for-plus monies. Cuftos Rotulorum of the county of Hereford to have account of monies disburfed. Commiffioners to have the Game power far ckanfxng the faid rivers, as any commiffioners of fewer*. A regifter and other'officers to be appointed. Monthly font to continue from h June, 1696, to 14 June, 1700. Tmftees may borrow 16,000 L at 4L per cent. Right of fifhing xeferved. Earl of Kent, &c. to make and mam* tain a new lock on the river at or near to New Wear, and build a hoofe for a peribn to live in, to keep the laid lock, and to allow him 10 L per annum. Ten yards of New Wear to be taken ss inches lower than the lowed part thereof. Snares, nets, fee. not to be laid. In cafe of omit lion or negleft for 7 months after *5 March, 1696. Truftees may employ workmen to do the fame, and repair the lock, in cafe of ussuffina after four weeks notice. In cafe of non performance, to levy by diftrris on the faid farm, with cofts.' No privilege to be allowed. 'Truftees not to pull down the iron-mill or wear. If the earl of Kent removeth the . wear and lock, obligation to ceafe. Tenants, dec. hindering boats, or deftroying the fith, to forfeit roo L if fued in fix months. Grants made by the earl of Kent, &c, of filhing in the (aid river after 14 June, 1696, to be void.

CAP. XV.

An aft for the continuing, meeting, and Jit ting of a parliament, in cafe of the death or demife of bis Mtyefky, bis bars and fucceffors*

WHEREAS this kingdom {/'England may he expofed to great dangers, by the tnvafum of foreigners, or by the traiteraa 6 Ann c confpirades of wicked and ill dijpofed perfons, whenever it JbaU pleofe f. 4. * *7* God to afflift thefe realms by tie death of our gracious fovereign Beg William (whom God long preferve) or by the death ef any of Us heirs and fucceffors, before a parliament can be jkmmoned and called by the next heir and fucceffor to the crown: for prevention whereof be it ena&ed by the Kinz^s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That this prefent parliament, or any fitf,a?eiltt0 ot*lcr pariiament, which (hall hereafter be fummoned and called months after ky his Majesty King William, his heirs and fucceffors, lhall not the King’s determine or be diffolved by the death or demife of his faid Ma-. death, unlefs jetty, his heirs and fucceffors \ but such parliament (hall, and is hereby enaefted to continue, and is hereby impQwered and re-eeffw. lUC" quirea immediately to meet, convene anq fit, and to adfc, not-^  #  withftanding such death or demife, for and during the tune of

fix months, and no longer, unlefs the fame (hall be fbonev prorogued or difiolved by such perfon who lhall be next heir to the crown of this realm of England in fucceffion, according tp an a& of parliament made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft declaring the rights

1W.  & M. and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fuccejjton of the croum:

* *• * *• and if the faid parliament (nail be fo prorogued, then it (hqll meet and fit on and upon the day unto which it lhall be prorogued, and continue for the refidue of the faid time of fix months, unlefs fooner prorogued or difiolved gs afcrefiud.

Uf Mi

>696.3 Anno feprimo & o&avo Guuelmi HI. 0.16,17.  4«

II.  And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- In cafe of no (aid, That in cafe there (hall be no parliament in being, at the jffiXpucc-time of the death or demife of his Majesty, or any. of his. heirs ^ing and fucceffors, then the laft preceding parliament (hall immediately convene and (it, and is hereby impowered and required to aft as afore&id, to all intents and purpofics, as if the (aid parliament had never been diflolved.

HI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no- not to »-thing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- bridge the tend to alter or abridge the power of the King, his heirs and King’s power fucceflors, to prorogue or diuolve parliaments, nor to repeal or make void one aft of parliament made in the fixth and feventh nenta. ^ years of the reign of his prefent Majesty King Wiliam, intitu- 6&7.W.3.C.S. led. An agf for the frequent nutting and calling of parliaments, but that the faid aft (hall continue in force in every thing that is not contrary to, or incbnfiftent with, the directions of this aft.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for railing the militia of this kingdom for the pear one tbonfimd fix EXP. hundred ninety fix, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not  Ass Chr t.

repaid.  c.3.

CAP. XVII.

An aB to continue four former aits for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders 0/England.

WHEREAS an ait was made in the thirteenth and fourteenth 13 & 14Car.*.

years of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Charles the CM•

Second, intituled, An aft for preventing of theft and rapine upon the Nonhem borders of England: and whereas alfo another ait was made in the eighteenth year of the faid King, intituled, An alt xSCar.s. c. 3. to continue a former alt to prevent theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England: both which aits were continued by another ait made in the twenty ninth and thirtieth years of the reign *9* 30 Car.*# of the faid late King, intituled, An alt for continuance of twoc*** former alls for preventing of theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England,for and during the fpace and time of (even years, and alfo from thence until the end of the first fejjion of the then next parliament: and whereas the three afort-menttoned ails were continued by another ait made in the firjl year of the reign of the late King James the Second, intituled. An alt for continuance of three for- 1 Jac. 1. c. 14. mer ads for preventing of theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England, for and during the fpace and term of eleven . years, and alfo from thence unto the end of the first fejjion of this prefent parliament \ which laws ban* been found very necejfary for the prejervation of those places from that great number of lewd, diforder- Thejpowcrt iq ly and lawlefsperjons, that ufually inf efted and frequented thole parts:  wre-rnen-

be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by gnd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem- 5 yeari# poral, and commons, in this prefent pariiament aflembled, and Continued fur* bv the authority of the fame. That the faid four former alts, and tier for w all and every or them, and every matter, claufe and claufes there-  **  *

in contained* and all apd every the powers apd authorities there- Jgco.*. c.37.

\>y i7Gco.*.c.4Q«

41*

*  fW.,.

C.I.

Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulielmi IIL c.iS.

by given, (hall be, continue and remain in full forcefron henceforth, for and during the fpace and term of five years, and alio from thence unto the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

cap. xvra.

An wEt for granting to his Majeftv feveral rates or dudes upon boti^ for making good the deficiency of the clipped money.

Fran *5 March, 1696, forfeven years, every dwelling houfe inhabited to ray % s. Houfe with ten windows to pay 48. per annum, above the n. Twenty windows, 8 s. per annum, to be paid half-yearly, /hr the or-crtafe and cmtmumce, he. ef thefe duties fee 9 & 10 W.j. C.to. s Anztz, ftat.i. c.fj. 5Annw,c.t3. 7 Anns, c.7. 8 Anns, c.4. 3Geo.i. c.8.£it.

5  Geo. 1. c.3. f. 21. and c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. c.21. f. 6x. Duties to be charged on the inhabitants. Commiflioners for the land tax 7 Sc 8 W.3. c.5. is execute this for the firit year, and meet before 7 May, 1696, and divide themfelves into hundreds, and direct their precepts to afleflors to appear tn ten days. Afieflbrs to certify the inhabited houfes, and number cf windows, with the names of the inhabitants, and wbat they ought to pay. Two perl'ons to be colk&ors in each parifh, for whom the pariih to be anfwerable. AfTefTors to take the oaths by 1 W. Sc M. flit. c.f. Cerrifi-cates of rates to be returned before 4 June, 1696. Commiflioners to ifise their warrants for colle&iug the duties. Money collected to be paid to the receiver general in twenty days after receipt. In default of paymest to be levied by diftrefs. The receiver general to pay the money into the Exchequer half-yearly. Commiflioners fufpe&ing any houfe not duly charged or omitted, may examine the inhabitant, who ncgle&ng to appear is to pay double. Receiver general to have s d. and coue&or 3d. in the pound. Clerks allowed 1 d. in the pound. Appeals may he made in tep oavs, and commiflioners may abate or increafe the afleflment, aad eftreat it into the Exchequer. Jufuces of peace to be commifEonen far the Iaft fix years. Collectors for preceding years to deliver copies pf their afleflments, and airo the names of two able perfons to be coH#£forc far the enfuing year, to the juftices in ten days after the year's end. By

6  Geo. 1. o. si. f. 61. Juft ices of peace may appoint colle&ors and make re-afleffments. Houfes or windows omitted, or not duly charged, com-xfiiftioners to examine inhabitants. On default of appearance, to (ay double. ' Letters patents no exemption from payment. Non obftante's to be void. Parents or guardians to pay for peifons under twenty one years of age. Colle&ors not paying the money received, to be imprisoned, and their eftates feized. The commiflioners to leO such eftate, and pay the fum detained to the receiver general. CommifHoners not

• liable to the penalties in the aft of 25 Car. s. c. 2. Occupiers of houfes who pay not to church and poor, excepted. Houfes built in Warwick fince the late fire, not to be charged. 1,200,0001. may be lent on this a&. Intereft for 600,0001. at 71, per cent. And for the remainder gL per cent. Monev lent not to be taxed. A regifter to be kept of all monies paid in, and entred apart. Perfons lending monies to have a taW fey, and an order for repayment with intereft every three months. Or. ders to be regiftred, ana paid in courfe, without undue preference. No fee to be taken for hopkt or fearches. Orders entred may be affigned. Aflignee may affign again, and fo toties quoties. Monies coming Tn by loans on this aft, other than what is appointed for fatisfa&ion of the fame, See. to be applied for making good deficiency of the dipt money. Commi(Boners of the treafury to take an account ofthe deficiencies, and apply the money arifing by this a&. Monies placed to the account of such deficiency, to be paid out fo far as it wilt extend, and not diver-tibie. Theft duties were made fart of the aggregate fund by 3 Geo. i. c. 8, err Jlpp. 20 GCO, 2. f. 3«

.CAP.

;g6.] Aimo feptimtf t£ oflaVo GtfLIfiLMI til. c.i$.)  41$

CAP. XIX.

fe encourage the bringing plate into the mint to be coined, and for the remedying the illfiat t of the coin of the kingdom.

[I. A NDbc it further enatfed by the authority aforesaid, No 0i That from and after the fourth day of May, which liquor* to ufe tall be in the year of our Lord one thoufimd fix hundred nine* or expofe I fix, no per (on keeping an- inn, tavern, alehoufe or victual-  plat€

ng-houfe, or felling wine, ale, beer, or any other liquors by boom)

(tail, (hall puhlickly ufe or expofe to be ufed in such his or her undo: a penal* ioufe, any wrought or manufactured plate whatfoever, or any ty. tenfil or veflcl thereof (except fpoons) under the penalty of  3*

arfeiting the fame, or the full value thereof, together with fullc# *s# I# ofts of fuit, to him, her or them, who (hall fue for the fame i any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVefiminfttr* by bill, laint, or information, wherein no eflfoin, protection, wager of aw, or imparlance, (hall be allowed.

IV.  Ana forafmuch as the greateft fecurity againft counterfeiting the new intended coin o? this realm by the mill and prefs, All coining s the difficulty of being provided with fit tools and inftruments {£0^1* fato or doing thereof, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That the mint to be f any perfon or perfons whatfoever (other than the officer or feized. >fficers of his Majesty’s mint or mints) now having, or which it any time hereafter, before the first day of March*, which (hall t>e in the year of our Lord, one thouland fix hundred ninety live, (hall have in his cuftody or pofieflion any prefs or prefifes which may be made ufe of for coinage, if such perfon or perrons do or (hall, on or before the third day or May* which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thoufimd fix hundred ninety fix, bring and deliver the fame to the officer or officers of his Majesty’s mint at the tower of London, every such perfon (hall, at the time of the delivery thereof, receive from the faid officer or officers at the mint the frill value which such prefs or prefles first coft, and the charge of carriage; and if at any time after the faid third day of May^ any prefs for coinage (hall be found in the cuftody of any perfon whatfoever, (other than the officers of his Majeuy’s mint or mints) such prefs (hall be feized for his Majesty’s ufe* and every perfon in wHofe cuftody such prefs (hall be (o found, after the faid third day of May, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, the one moiety thereof to be to his Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the informer, Penalty, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts, wherein no eflbign, protection, wager of law, or Imparlance (hall be allowed.

V.  And whereas the hereditary branch of his Majesty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors* and those duties of excife which are to continue during his Majesty’s life,

(which God preferve) and his Majesty’s revenue arifing by the general letter-office or poft-office are, and may be charged with leveral tallies of Pro or aifignment, of other tallies, payable;

out

For payment of tallies a court*.

Accounts to

414 Anno feptimo & o8&ro GuxiBLMl IIL 0.19.  [169$.

out of the fame in courfe, belt further enadedby the authori-Dudes of ex- ty aforesaid, That (p much of the faid particular duties or dfc and poll- branches of excife, and of the faid revenue arifing by the ge-i^^pTmonin Ictt^-office, as are, or, in puriuance of his Majdcy’s roya! to be recoined, proclamations, and an ad of this prefent parliament, intituled, 7 W. j. c. 1. An ail for remedying the ill fate of the coin of the kingdom, fri: be recaved, levied or oolleded in such dipt moneys as aforesaid, at any time or dines before the fourth day of May* which dull be in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and which (hall be applicable to the payment of the Cud allies in courfe, and the interred thereof, (hall, by the commiffionm of excife, and his Majesty’s receiver for the general letter* office for the time being refpeftively, be brought from time to time into the (aid receipt of Exchequer, and mall from thence be delivered out to be melted, and ftiall be melted, refined, reduced to fterling, and recoined into new moneys; and the hid new moneys proceeding therefrom (hall be brought back to die be ket* of the Exchequer, anddiftind accountsof the weight and tale of die lame weight and * Audi ** kept in such manner as is prefcribed by the laid other ad tale*  laft mentioned, touching other dipt moneys thereby appointed to

Charge* ex- be recoined; and that the new moneys fo to be brought back into New '  t^c Exchequer, as is lad mentioned, (except the charges of making

to artomtobe fame, and melting and refining the filver for making there-affiied for pay- of, as aforefaid) (hall be i(Tued from time to time at the receipt went of tallies of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to the commiifiooers of excife, and —a t^c reccivcrs general for the poft-office for the time being re-;

fpedtively, who are hereby ftridly injoined and required to pay and apply the fame, (o far as it will extend, to the fatisfedbos of the faid tallies in courfe, and such intereft as (hall be due upon them, or any of them; and to keep exauSk accounts of the dipt moneys which they refpe&ively (haU pay into the Exchequer, of the particular branches or revenues laft mentioned, and of the new moneys, which they (hall receive back for the fame; to the end the differences thereof may be known, and the deficiencies arifing thereby may be made good, and fupplied at the publick charge.

VI.  And tor the more cffe&ual prohibiting the rndtingdoviB the coin of this kingdom, and filver plate wrought within this realm, and the exportation of the molten filver and bullion of certificate and this kingdom, be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Thar oath that the from and after the laft day of Marcly one thousand fix hundred buffi *11‘InJP1 n^cty ®x» no P^011 or perfbns whatfoever (hall (hip or caufe not coined"  to be dipped or put on board any veffd or (hip whatfoever,

dipt, &c. ’in any molten filver or bullion whatfoever, either in bars, ingots, England. wedges, cakes, pinas, or in any other form whatfoever, unJefs By 9 & 10 W. a certificate be first had and obtained from the court of the lord )vatcbesj'voordm*Yor an(* *Mcnnen of the city of London, oath having been bilts% wrought made before the faid court, by the owner or owners of (uch plate, &c. molten filver or bullion, and likewife by two or more credible ex**rt~ witpefles, that the fame molten filver and bullion, and every * 9 c’  pan

and intereft account to be kept of the dipt and new moneys.

No perfon to fhip molten filver or bullion without

4*5

1696.] Anno feptimofic oftavo Ghlielmi IIL c.19.

3art and pared thereof, was and is foreign bullion, and that po part thereof was (before the ferae was molten).the coin of this realm, or clippings thereof, nor plate wrought within this kingdom, which oath the laid court of the hud lord mayor and . aldermen of the city of Londm are hereby required and authorized to adminifter, and to examine ftrioly all and every such perfons as (ball make such oath concerning the premises, and likewife to make and grant a certificate thereof, as aforefeid, without fee or reward ; which certificate (hall alfo contain and Certififcat* •» sxprefs the name and names of the owner or owners of such owner'jnanw. molten filver or bullion, and of the witnefs or witnelfes, and weight ofth« the true wdght of such molten filver or bullion; an entry, of bullion, to be which certificate (hall be duly made by the (aid court, in a book e,?tre<1 and to be kept for that purpose; which certificate (hall be (hewn to the commifiioners of the cuftoms for the time being, or four of them, before any cocket be granted for the exporting such molten filver or bullion; and an entry thereof (hall be alfo duly made by the feid commifiioners of the cuftoms, in a book to be kept by them for that purpose.

VII. And be it further eriadted, That if any perfon or per- Molten filver Ions whatlbever (hall (hip, or caufe to be (hipped or put on °r. bullion board any veflel or (hip, any molten filver or bullion whatfoever, as aforesaid, without oath, certificate, and entry first made and Cermay efeeT obtained, as is before provided; in every such cafe it (hall and may be lawful tp and for any officer or officers of bis Majcfty’s cuftoms, or any other perfon or perfons, to feize such molten filver and bullion (b (hipped and put onboard, as forfeited; one One moiety to moiety whereof (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, **er ttFthe'* and the other moiety to the officer and officers, or perfons fo officer. feizing the fame; and the owner or owners, proprietor or pro- pena]^ on the prietors of such molten filver or bullion, (hall forfeit double the owners, value of such molten filver or bullion; one moiety whereof (hall be to his Majesty, and die other moiety to the perfon that (hall fue or inform for the fame, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no privilege, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and the captain or mafter of such (hip or veflel, (if the fame belong to a fubjedt) who (hall knowingly permit the (aid molten filver or bullion to be put on Malter or board his fiud (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit to such perfon or per- captain of a fons as (hall fue pr inform for the fame, the fum of two hun- ^ i*° ™rfc,t died pounds, to be fued for and recovered in manner as afore- *°° *

(aid ; and in cafe the (hip or veflel be a man of war, or veflel belonging to his Majesty, then the captain thereof (hall forfeit the Turn of two hundred pounds to any perfon that (hall foe for the fame as aforesaid, and (hall forfeit his employment, and be made uncapalde of any office or employment, civil or military.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That if any commiflioner _  .

or commiffioners, officer or officers of the cuftoms, (hall grant conmrfHon. any cocquct for exporting of any molten filver or bullion what- en, grant.

foever, wg coequet*

4i6 lor exporting bullion before certificate, &c.

In cafe of fei-sure of bullion, proof to He on the owners j

and for want of proof, to be

BdlHoft exported by the King's licence, not exceeding •00,0001, ex* ceptcd*

Tensity for taking dipt money in payment. yW. 3.C.i.

Anno (epriino & o£bm> GtfLiELMf Hi. c. 19. [tty

foever, before such certificate first had, as by this ad is directed, and entry thereof made in the book hereby direded to be kept by the commiflioners of the cuftoms ; that every such commif-fioner and officer of the cuftoms fo offending fhall forfeit the (urn of two hundred pounds, and be made uncapable of any other office or place of profit or truft whatfoever.

IX.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any feizure of any molten filver or bullion (hall happen to be made in purfuance and execution of this ad, or that any adion, bill, plaint, or information fhall be brought for any of the forfeitures or penalties incurred by this ad, and i doubt or queftion fhall arife thereon, whether the molten fiivar or bullion then in queftion were really and truly foreign bullion, or prohibited to be exported, or otherwife forfeited by this ad; in every such cafe the proof fhall lie on the part of the owner, proprietor, or daimer, of such molten filver or bullion, and unlefs the owner, proprietor, or daimer, or the party fued, fbali prove that the molten filver or bullion in queftion was, at the time of the feizure or forfeiture thereof, foreign bullion, and that no part thereof was (before the fame was molten) die coin of this realm, nor dippings thereof, nor plate wrought within this kingdom, that in every such cafe, for want of such proof, the molten filver and bullion in queftion fhall be adjudged, deemed, conftrued, and taken, to be molten filver and bullion forfeited by this ad, and liable to the penalties before mentioned.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, fhall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such bullion of gold or filver, as fhall be licenced by his Majesty (fuch licences being entred in the books of the cuftom-houfe of the port of London) fo as the feme be exported before the laft day of January, which fhall be in the year one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and do not exceed in value two hundred thousand pounds fterling, to be applied for the payment of his Majeft/s forces.

XI.  And to the end the fubjed, after fb great a contribution and charge for making good the deficiency of dipt money, may not remain under any part of the mifehiets which the continuance of the currency ot such money will occafion, be it further enaded. That whofoever, after tne fourth day of May, oat thousand fix hundred ninety fix, fhall take or receive any such dipt money, otherwife than according to the directions, and in purfuance of an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, inti* tuled* An a8 for remedying the ill Jlate of the coin of the iwjM in any payment whatfoever, as it it were lawful money, fall forfeit double the value of the filver fo received, to the ufe of such perfon as will inform or profecute for the fame, to be recovered in such manner and form as the forfeiture for uttering money dipt* after a hole has been punched through it, in purfuance of an ad made in this prefent feflion of parliament, it direded to be recovered by the faid ad; and the juftices of the

peace

1696.] Anno ieptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III. c.20«  417

peace are hereby impowered to hear and determine such information or profecution accordingly.

XII.  And whereas the uncertain value of coined gold has been high- Guineas to be ly prejudicial to trade, and an encouragement to certain evil dtfpofed at s‘?ft5r6 perfons to raife and fall the fame, to the great prejudice of the landed 10 pn yJ 9 * men of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority a-forefaid. That from and after the tenth day or April, one thou-fand fix hundred ninety fix, no perfon (hall utter or receive any of the pieces of gold coin, commonly called guineas, at any higher or greater rate or value than two and twenty (hillings for each guinea, and fo proportionably for every greater or leffer piece of coined gold ; and whofoever (hall offend herein (hall 7 8c 8 W. 3; incur the penalties and forfeitures provided in an aft made in this c, 10. f. it, prefent parliament, for those that (hall receive or pay guineas, and other pieces of coined gold, at a greater or higher rate than in that aft is direfted, tp be recovered by the fame ways and means that the penalties and forfeitures of that aft are to be or may be recovered.  *

CAP. XX.

An a£l for granting to bis Majesty an additional duty upon all French goodrand merchandize.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons aflembled in parliament, have cheerfully and un-animoufly given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesty the additional and other rates, impofitions, du-  '

ties, and charges, upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandize, to be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, Or town of Berwick upon Tweed, during such time, and in such manner and form, as herein after followeth j and do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enafted ;

II. And be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty, and his heirs and fucceflors, for the feveral goods and merchandizes hereafter mentioned, over and above au impofitions, duties, and charges, already impofed and payable upon and for the fame in the book of rates of merchandize, by aft of parliament eftabli(hed, and the direftion therein contained or otherwife, the further rates and duties following (that is to fay)

III.  For every tun of French wine imported from apd after French wine the twenty eighth day of February, one thousand fix hundred imported to ninety fix, for the term of one and twenty years, and from pua„ Jbove>the thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no long- rjt°s er, five and twenty pounds above the duties already charged years, thereupon, without any deduftion, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity.

Vojl. IX.

Ee

IV. For

4iS Aniio feptirno&o&avoGtJLlELMi III. c.20.  [169.

Brandy of IV. For every tun of French Jjrapdy of fingle proof import finflC pr<toi c<* *^cr twenty-eighth* day of February, one thousand jq hundred ninety fix, for the term of one and twenty years* sai 601. perron, from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and cs longer, thirty pounds : and for every tun of French brandy q double proof imported, as aforesaid, fixty pounds, over aa

. nei french goods condemned as

prize exempted by 8 koW.j, c. *4.1. 5. Repealed as to rating fever al

above the duties already charged thereupon, without any deduce tion, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler

11 Geo. for the term" of one and twenty years, and from thence tj

quantity.

V.  For every tun of French vinegar imported after the hi twenty eighth clay of February, one thousand fix hundred niner}

x. c. 7.

Duties oss French *wisus and goods 9 &c. made Urpetued

Si t Geo. 1.

at. x. c, is. f. j.

Vinegar 151. per tun.

Mother French

ttutMij x Geo. fiat. a. c. 17. f. 1,2. and •wine lets

the end of the next fefiion of parliament, and no longer, firtea pounds, over and above the duties already charged thereupon, without any deduction, and fo proportionably tor any grae or lefler quantity.

VI.  For all other goods of the growth, produd, or nunc* fadhire of France, imported after the faid twenty eighth day d February, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, for the term d one and twenty years, and from thence to the end of the nod feffion of parliament, and no longer, five and twenty pound; per centum ad valorem, over and above the duties already charged thereupon, without any dedudtion, and fo proportionably for 1 greater or lefler quantity.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That the fcve; f^efivab rate$ afK* iropofitions hereby impofed upon the refpedtive good. rem. ~ anc* merchandizes aforesaid, (hall be collected and. paid & Duties on name cording to the refpedtive rates and proportions herein exprdtc kes imported, and be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majer;.,,

during the refpedlive times before mentioned, in the fame manner and form, and by such rules, means, and ways, and uidd such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and expreied are to pay as in one adt of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the trip Rates nal-  ^r^es ^ Second, intituled, A Jubftdy granted ti ;H

tiwf&c^to be King of tannage and poundage, and other fttms of money* payoi\ as in is Car.s. upon merchandize exported and imported* and the rules, diredbonsj and orders, thereunto annexed, or any other laws now in ford relating to the colle&ion of his Majefly’s cuftoms; which fcJ adt ana adts, and every article, mle, and daufe, therein cosi tained, (hall (land and be in force for the purposes aforefaid during the continuance of this adt.  •  I

VIII.  And whereat a very ufefitl and profitable invention or mffa hath been lately found out, for the better and more fpeedy making knitting of wotfled and fdk fiocHngs, waifleoats* gloves, and ctH wearing necejjaries, whereby great quantities are wrought off 2*1 little time, his Majefly's dominions abundantly fupplied, and grti quantities exported into foreign nations, to the increafe of bis Moil fly's cuftoms, and the improvement of trade and commerce: and whm as feveral of the frames or engines for the making and knitting ij such floe kings and other wearing nectffaries have been of late experts out of this kingdom* whereby the faid commodities hcn:e been mode u foreign parts, which were heretofore made ia this kingdom onij* a

C. 4.

Mmde part of the aggregate fiutd, 1 Geo. 1 c. xs.

th

6p6 ]  ' Anno feptimo & oftavo Cuuelmi III. c.2 r.  4x9

be great difiouragement of tbt woollen trade in general, and the great etriment of the /aid tny/tery, and the impoverijhment of many fami-ies, who have been thereby maintained: For the prevention of Penalty on vhich inconveniencies for the future, be it enacted by the autho-ity aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one framessor ^ houfand fix hundred ninety fix, no perfon or perfons whatfo- gines.

:ver (hall load or put on board any (hip or veflel any such frame >r frames, or any part or parcel thereof, in order to be exported >eyond the feas, upon pain that the perfon or perfons offending icrein (hall not only forfeit or lofe such frame and frames, parts >r parcels of frames, which (hall be fo loaden and put on board, in order to be exported beyond the feas, as aforesaid, but alfo the fum of forty pounds of lawful money of England,

For such frame, pr part or parcel thereof ; the one moiety there- One moiety to of to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, the other moiety the King, the thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for oth*r to the the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or in- pro ccutor* formation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no ellbin, protection or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

IX.  And for the more effectual preventing the exportation of Matter arid such frames, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, wardens of That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, which from and after the faid first day of May, (hall buy, fell, difpofe of, or ters, London, remove from place to place, any such frame or engine, or any to have notice parts or parcels thereof, (hall; within two months next after thc such difpofal or removal thereof, give notice in writing to the ^ mafter and wardensjof the company of Framework-knitters with- frames. * in the city of London, or to their lawful deputy or deputies for the time ocing, fome or one of them, to whom and what place the fame were fo fold, difpofed, or removed, to the end that aa account may be taken by the faid mafter and wardens, or their deputy or deputies, thereof, upon pain that every perfon and perfons offending herein (hall forfeit jind pay, for every such offence, to the ufes aforesaid, the fum of five pounds of like money, to be recovered as aforefaid.

CAP. XXL

4n a& for the tncreafe and encouragement of feamen.

FOrafmuch as the Rrengtb and fafety of this, and other bis Ma-jtflfs realms ana dominions, do very much depend upon the fur-nijhing and /applying of bis Majejly's royal navy with a competent number of able mariners and feamen, which may be in a readinefs at all times for that fervid :

II.  And whereas the feamen of this kingdom have for a long time diftinguijbed themfelves throughout the world by their induftry and fkilfdnefs in their employments, and by their courage and tonflancy . manifejted in engagements for the defence and honour of their native country: and for an encouragement to continue this their ancient reputation, and to invite greater numbers of bis Majejlfs fubje£is to bottle themfelves to the fea., it is fit and rtafonable that tome competent

Ee*  provifm

Greenwich

ttofpitaL

Anno leptimo &c oftavo Golielmi III. c.21. [169L

pro be made* that feamen* who by age, wounds* or other accidents, Jhall become difabled for future fentice at fea* and fte£ ssd be in a condition to maintain themfehes comfortably* may net fail under hardjhibs and miferies* may be fupported at the pubhck cbaq^ and that the children of such difabled teamen* and alfo the wide* and children of such Jeamen as Jhall happen to be /lain* tiled, r drowned in fea fervice* may in fome reasonable manner be prtrJtdi for and educated:

III.  And whereas his Majejly* and her late majejly the Jftaes, j blejfed memory* reflecting upon the premijfes* determined with tki* felves* That an hofpitaljboidd be erected, eflabUJhed* and endowed f« the purposes aforejaid* and in order thereunto by their letters pater: under the great feal of England, bearing date the five and twenties day of October loft pafl* did give and grant to certain perfans nm. therein* their bars and ajhgns* a certain piece or parcel of grxs^ fituate and being within toe pari/b of Eaft Greenwich in the court of Kent, parcel or reputed parcel of their manor of Eaft Greenwich aforefaid* and in the faid letters patents particularly defenberH and the capital meffuage commonly called by the name of The Palace of Greenwich, /landing upon the faid piece or parcelof grounded feveral other edifices* buildings* and other things in the faid letted patents mentioned (except as herein is excepted) to the intent tbsi the premijfes Jbcula be converted and employed unto and for the u and fervice of an hofpital, for the relief of feamen* their widcu\ and children* and an encouragement of navigation* as therein c mentioned:

IV.  And whereas his Majejly* in further execution of Us pis. and princely intention for the founding and endowing of an hofpital a Greenwich for the purposes aforefaid* by his letters pa terns under the great feat of England, bearing date the tenth day of September, one thousand fix hundred ninety and five, hath confiiiutea commiffivm$, and granted an annual fum* payable out of the treafury* and gkn divers proper directions* powers, and authorities, for the carrymg on and perfecting the faid hofpital* and the endowment and maintenance thereof* and of the faid perfons to be placed therein: and to the intent that such mariners, watermen, feamen, fifhermcn, lightermen, bargemen, and keelmen, as (hall voluntarily come in and regifter themfelves, in and for his Majesty’s Tea fervice, as hereafter mentioned, may have and receive the privileges, be-

M rt Arc ne^ts» an<* advantages following: be it ena&ed, by the King's abo*e 1?and * mo^ excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent cr under 50 may the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent regifter them- parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That felves in the aJl an(j every able mariners,' Teaman, waterman, fi/herman, RtpSdedauto lighterman, bargeman, keelman, or feafaring-man, being a regtftring of natural bom fubjed of this realm, or any of his Majesty’s do-ftamtu by  minions, or being naturalized or made a denizen in England*

o An. c. 11. an(j above the age of eighteen years, and under the age of fifty years, and being capable of fea-fervice, who (hall be willing ro enter and regifter himfelf for the fervice of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, in his or their royal fleet or navy, (hall and may,

by

i6g6.]  Anno ieptimo & o&avo Guliel'mi III. c.21.  421

by hirafelf, or by any other perfon or perfons by him thereto fin writing) authorized or employed, deliver or give in his :hriftian name, limame and proper addition, together with his tge and the place of his abode and habitation, unto, such officer or officers as (hall be appointed for the regiftring of feamen, and as is lerein after mentioned; and that such and fo many publick offi- Regifter office :ers for the regiftring of the faid perfons, for fea-fervice, (hall be to be kept at cept at the chargeof his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, atthena-  d

ry-officein London* or other places, and such of the principal offi- £r eUewheie! :ers of the navy, or other perfons, (hall be appointed thereun-o; and the making and keeping such raiders (hall be performed in such form and methods as his Majesty, his heirs or ucceflors, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord ligh admiral of England, or any three or more of them, now >eing, or the lord high admiral of England, or any three or nore of the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high tdmiral of England for the time being, (hall from time to time >refcribe, direct and appoint, fo as that in the faid regifter or renders there (hall be truly and faithfully entred down and regi- seamen*g tred in order and courfe of time, as well the names, (irnames, names to be idditions, ages, places of abode or habitation of all and every regiftred in uch mariner. Teaman, waterman, fiftierman, lighterman, barge- courfe of time nan, keelman, or feafaring-man, asaforefaid, and alfothe true wlthoutfcc* lays and times of such entry or regiftring, for all or any of phich entries or regiftrings, no fee, reward or gratuity whatfo-  <

:ver (other than from his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors) (hall yt demanded or received ; and it any perfon or perfons what- penaj^ on foever (hall willingly and knowingly make, or caufe or procure perfons ma-to be made in any of the faid offices any entry or regiftry of the king undue lame of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, favc of the very true entries, perfon or perfons, and according to the truth of the matter contained in such entry, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no eflfoin, wager of law or protection (hall be allowed. And for the due and faith- Regifters to ful execution of. the faid offices or places of regifters, the re- take an oath fpedtive legifters fo to be appointed, as aforesaid, (hall, before ^orc his and their entrance thereunto, or intermeddling therewith, ad,j[tralty7or take an oath before the judge of the admiralty for the time be- two juftices of ing, or before two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, peace, in or for that county, city, town or place, wherein such office (hall be, for the true and faithful execution thereof, and for his and their good demeanour therein \ which oath the faid judge of the admiralty, for the time being, or any two such juftices of the peace, as aforesaid, have hereby power to adminifter.

V.  And be it further enadted, by the authority aforefaid. Navy-office or That the faid navy-office, or such, other office as (hall be ap- other office to pointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall be, and ^^office^6

E e 3  be

422 Annofeptimo& oftavo Guuelmi III. c.fti. (169I

Rcgiftcrs of be called the head office, whereunto, and to the rcgjfter or re-feaportt to gifted therein to be appointed, as aforesaid, all other the regi-catet^rtf/// of ^crs ^ m oiher fea-ports and maritime towns aid the number places, (hall from time to time, and without any fee or reward and names of for the lame, (other than from his Majesty, his heirs or fuccd-Srtd€n ^ors^ ma^e wd give certificates, under their refpcdfcive hand* ^<**"0 and feals, of the number, names, places of abode, and addi-tranfmitted to dons of all feamen, watermen, filhermen, lightermen, barge-the nary:  men, keel men and feafaring»mcn that lhall be entred or rcgi-

**hlen’ ^ed within their refpedtive offices, and of the true days asd u^due prdbr- times when such entries or regifirings were first made \ which cacc, “ faid certificates lhall from time to time be tranfmitted unto fit * *  *  laid regifter or regifters in the faid navy-office or other office a*

aforefaid, and by him or them filed in courfe of time as the) came in; and the names of the feamen, watermen, fifliennen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen and feafaring-incn therein mentioned, (hall be in order of time as they come in, and whhosr any undue preference, entred and regiftred there alio, lb tha: in that office the number, names and places of habitation of all the feamen, watermen, filhermen, lightermen,' bargemen, keelmen, and feafaring-men regiftred throughout the kingdom, and their refpedtive times of their coming into be regiftred, am An account to from time to time appear: a true account of all which lhall bC  oncc *n cvery y«r> or oftner (if required) be made and given

Vommimonert m writing by the faid officer or officers at the navy-office oc of the ad mi- other office as aforesaid, unto the commiffioners for executing talty.  the office of lord high admiral of EtigkmA* and to the lord high

admiral of England for the time being; who are to take effectual care, and give fiich timely and nedeflaiy orders and directions! that such and fo many of them as they lhall find xnoft proper for his Majesty’s fervice, may from time to time in each year be ordered and difpofed for the fervice of the fleet.

Number not VI. And be it further ena&ed by the. authority aforesaid, to exceed That in every or any year,' computing the year to begin from and each to* t*lc day of January, during which the whole number of htv/40 s. per regiftred feamen there alive, or in .being, (hall not exceed thirty arrnum?bouii- thousand, and every such feamen entred, regiftred, as aforesaid, lhall have paid and allowed to him from his Majesty, his heirs ^e£x?td^ anc* facceltors (whether he be in adual fervice or not) the yearly £ $t.n C 119 or bounty of forty (hillings, over and befides fiich other -  pay .and allowances which he (hall be intituled unto by being

in his Majesty’s adtual fervice; and in every or aiiy year dqring which the whole number of regiftred feamen, then alive or in being, lhall exceed thirty thouland, therp lhall be in the like manner allowed and paiq a bounty of forty Ihillinjgs apiece to thirty thousand of the number laft mentioned, for every such year refpe&ively (to wit) to such of them as by the books of None but re- ^e faid regifters lhalj appear to be longeft entred in, or for his glared feamen Majesty’s lea-fervice \ and moreover, none but such regiftred to be prefer- mariners, watermen, filhermen, lightermen, bargemen, kcel-pen, and feafaring-men, lhall be capable of being prtfcfred to

16g6l) Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 21.  '423

any commiffion, or warrant offices, in the royal navy of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; and that every such regiftred Regiftred fea-. (eamen, being in fervice upon any (hip, or veilel of his Maje- men may af-fty, bis heirs or fucceflors, in any foreign vOyage, or defigned t"0 for any foreign voyage, fhall firom time to time, or at any time, Wm have power, and is hereby authorized to fign, or appoint to his wife, or any other perfon or perfons, any part or proportion of the pay due, or to be due to him for his fervice, not exceeding two months pay in every fix months pay which (hall be due to him; which alignments fhall be duly fatisfied and complied with, upon due proof to be made of the fix months fervice, by return of mufters, according to the practice of his Maiefty’s navy; Monies due to and that upon the like proof of such feamen’s death in the faid feamen dead fervice, the monies which fhall be due, or remaining due to in the fervice, him for his wages, fhall be paid to his executors or adminiftra- *?e to tors, without tarrying for the (hip’s return, or her general pay; cxccu" and alfo every feaman regiftred as aforesaid, fhall have and re- Regiftred fea. ceive, for, and as his fhare and dividend, out of, and for all men to have a prizes taken at fea, wherein he fhall be concerned in the taking double (hart or whereunto he fhall be intituled to have any part or (hare, a out Pn*e* double part or fhare in every such prize more than any other feaman of like quality in the fhip with himfelf, who fhall not be regiftred as aforesaid, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that every such regiftred feaman, upon pro- Regiftred &a« ducing a certificate under the hand and feal of the regifter or f**®? regifters in the faid navy office, or other office, as aforesaid, that he ftands there fo regiftred as aforesaid, fhall be from time the militia, to time freed and exempted from ferving upon any juries or in- colle&ing of quefts, or in the militia, or in or about the afTeffing or collect- taxes or pa-ing of any publick taxes or afleflments, or in the offices °f SSeft wSmg conftables, tvthing-men, borfholder, church-warden, overfeer t0 fervc# • or collector for the poor, or any other parifh officer whatfoever^ except such regiftred feaman fhall declare himfelf willing to ferve in such office, for which certificate no fee or reward fhall be demanded or received; and every election and appointments of any such regiftred feaman or feafaring-man (fo long as he continues fo regiftred) to any of the faief offices, places or employments aforesaid, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be void, unlefs be fhall declare his confent as aforefaid*

VII.  And for the relief, benefit, or advantage, of such the faid regiftred mariners or feamen, watermen, fifhermen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen, or feafaring-men, who by age, wounds, or other accidents,, fhall be difabled for future fervice at fea, and (hall not be in a condition to maintain themfelves comfortably, and the children of such difabled feamen, and the widows ana children of such of them as (hall happen to be (lain, killed, or drowned, in fea-fervice, fo far forth as the hofpital herein before mentioned fhall be capable to receive them, and the revenue thereof will extend for or towards their relief or fupport, and according to the rules, orders, and conftitutions,

to be fettled smdprovided for the (aid hofpital, and the govern- Reriftwd fc*.

£'4  memmenberngdif.

414 Atino fepdmo & o&avo Gulielmi 1IL C. 21. £169?

tWed, on cer- merit and regulation thereof: be it further ena&cd fay the as* tificatc to the thority aforelaid, That every such feaman, watoman, filho-^rc^nwicb man» lighterman, bargeman, keelman, or feafaring-man, rt hofpital, to begiftred and difabled, as aforesaid, (hall upon certificate there* taken in, and From the captain, mailer, furgeon, and purler, or fo many of J™'***fr them as were in the (aid (hip for the time being, under his c: nrui* c* their hand and feal, unto the governor or governors of the fed hofpital at Greenwich for the time being, be admitted and placed in the faid hofpital, and (hall have provided and allowed trna him, during his life, at the charges of the laid hofpital, and o£ of the revenues thereof, according to the rules, orders, and Widows and conftitutions, to be provided and fettled for the (aid hofpifci, children of and the government and regulation thereof, fitting and coavt-feamen flam nient lodging, meat, drink, clothing, and other neceflaries and thedfcrvic«dfon conven‘enc^cs » an(* a^° *he widows of such feamen, watermen, be received fifhermen, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen, and feafaring-mra, and provided who (hall be (lain, killed, or drowned, in the fea fcrvice, ard for-  the children of such feamen, watermen, fifhermen, lightermen,

v&Tf bargemen, keelmen, or fcafaring-men, fo (lain, killed, ordrown-c. a^d not of ability to maintain or provide comfortably fa *3. f. /.3# * themfelves, (hall be received into the faid hofpital, and dice Bj\U 3 Ann. be provided for; and the faid children (hall be educated at the Ltrjadmi I cbargcs °f the faid hofpital, till they are fit to be put out, or of wunappoixtdit ability to maintain themfelves ; all which (hall be done fofii Medfiamen, forth as the faid hofpital (hall be capable to receive such dibbled kc. tp be feamen, and such widows and children as .aforefaid, and as the maintained, revenues thereof will extend for the purposes aforesaid, and according to the rules, orders, and conftitutions, to be provided and fettled for the faid hofpital, and the government and regulation thereof.

Rfgiftred fea • men withdrawing themfelves in time of war from the King’sfervice, and not repairing on board m 30 days after fummoiu.

and not detained by fick-nefst

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any such mariner, feaman, waterman, fiftierman, lighterman, bargeman, keelman or feafaring-man regiftred as aforesaid, (hall, during the time of adlual war, withdraw orabfent himfelf from the fervice of his Majesty, his hein or fucceflors, in his or their (hips or navy, and (hall not within thirty days next after due fummons or warning from the com-miffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of England, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high admiral of England, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three of them, Or the commiffioners of the navy for the time being, or any three of them, or such perfons as (hall be appointed by the King for keeping the faid regifter, or any three of them, or by the vice-admirals of the feveral counties, or their deputies, repair on board such of his Majesty’s (hips whereunto he (hall belong, or by them to be appointed to be put on board such of his Ma/e-fty’s (hips whereunto he (hall be directed, not being detained by ficknefs, or other bodily infirmity, attefted by the oath of two credible witnefies, to be allowed by the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of England, or any three or

x 6g6.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi 111 c.21.  425

more of them now being, or by the lord high admiral of England, or any three or more of the commiflioners for executing the office ot lord high admiral of England for the time being, or the commiflioners of tbe navy for the time being, or any three of them, or such perfons as (nail be appointed by the King for keeping the faid regifter, or any three of them, or by the vice-admirals of the feveral counties, or their deputies; or if any such regiftred mariner, feaman, waterman, fitherman, lighterman, bargeman, keelman, orfeafaring-man, (hall abfent him or themfdves, or rclinquifh the fea-fervice of his faid Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, without theconfent of the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral bf England, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high admiral of Eng-Jandy or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three of them, first had and obtained in writing for that purpose. That then every such mariner, feaman, waterman, fiflierman, lighterman, bargeman, keelman or feafaring-man, fo negledting or refufing to appear on board, upon fucn notice as. aforesaid, or who (hall abfent t0 jQfc th<J ^ him or themfelves, or relinquHh the faid fervicc, without such nefit of this confent as aforesaid, (hall for ever lofe the benefit of this a<ft, aft, and ferve and ferve in his Majesty’s fervicc fix months, without any pay;months but such perfon for such offence only (hall not fuffer as a de- wlt“out fcrter.

IX.  Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this a<ft contain- ^

ed (hall extend to take away or alter the puniihment appointed takeaway the by an ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles puniJhraent in the Second, for such captains, officers or mariners as mall de- >3 Car.*, flat, fert the fervice of his Majesty, iiis heirs or fucceflors in his *• c# *• fhips, or entice any others fo to do.

X.  And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforesaid, That After a$ years when and after five and twenty years, to be reckoned from the from Mar. *5. five and twentieth day of Marchy one thousand fix hundred ^6* noi?c ninety and fix, (hall be expired, no perfon or perfons whatfo- of Trinity^ ever mall be capable of being a brother of Trinity Heufe of Dept- Houfe but re-ford Strondy but only such as at the time of his or their election, giftred fea-or before, (hall be, or (hall have been, a feaman or feamen, racn-watermen, iiftiermcn, lightermen, bargemen, keelmen, regi-6d.permenfem ftred in purfuance of this a&; and that every feaman whatfo- to be paid out ever, that (hall ferye his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceflors, Cr of *11 teamen's any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, in any of his Majesty’s wards tlie°rup. fhips, or in any (hip or veflel whatfoever, belonging or to be- port of Green-long to any the fabjects of Englandy or any other his Majesty’s wicli bofpital. dominions, (hall allow, and there (hall be paid out of the wages of every such feaman to grow due for such his fervice, fix gj,*&3Ann«, pence per menfem for the better fupport of the faid bofpital, and c. 6. f. 7. poor to augment the revenues thereof for the purposes aforefaid; hoys offignU which monthly allowance (hall and may be collected, levied, t0

and recovered, by such officers, and according to such rules and^^. Srinen/ methods, as (hall in that behalf be appointed by the faid com- f«n till tbe age tniflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Eng- tf is.

l<md>

4 *6  Anno feprimo & o&avo GulielMI III. C.21.  [169^.

- 10 Annse,  or any <*ir*e or more &««> or th« lord high admi-

t rj. (.1. Per- raJ of England* for the time bong.

fins employed m boats. Sec are {% pay 6 d. per menfem. Farther prevt/Cnts relating in the payment of 6d.per menfem by % Geo- »• c. 7. and c. 36. f. 9 & 10. 18 Geo. a. c. 31.

Abode of re- XI. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That even giftred Teamen Teaman, at the time of his being regiftred, as aforesaid, flu ! to be certified bring or caufe to be brought a certificate of his place of abode, t>ytwo)uitices.un(jcr tbc hands of two juftices of the peace of the county or place where he lives; and when and as often as any such fa-man (hall change his place of abode* he (hall bring, or caufe to be brought, a new certificate thereof, to the faid regifter, under the penalty of lofing the benefit of his being regiftred, is aforefaid.

Thofe under XII. Provided alfo. That every regiftred feaman or feafitrin:->8 or above man, being under the age of eighteen years, or above the 35? led to^rve. **vc aru* Ycars* (hall be exempted from fenrioe on boand 5  '  his Majesty’s (nips, upon such fummons, as aforesaid, unlefs

he or they will voluntarily enter himielf or themfelves to fare on board the fame.

Commiflionor XIII. Provided alfo. That where any regiftred feaman (hall warrant officer be preferred to be a commiflion or warrant officer in his Majt-to°thebounty, k™06’ or niafter, mate, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, or liable to the purfer or furgeon, he frail not be intitled to the laid bounry penalty. of forty (hillings a year, or other benefits hereby intended for feamcn, in refpedt of their being regiftred, as aforesaid, or be liable to incur the penalties ordifabilities whereunto Teamen not regiftred, or not ierving as this adt diredls, are hereby intended to be fubjedted.

Commiffioners XIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted. That it fluL of the admi- an^ maY be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners for execur-ralty may dif- mg the office of lord high admiral of England, or any three or charge or dif- more Qf them, or the lord high admiral of England for the time llrtd^Teamen!* ^>c*n?» to discharge any feaman who (hall have been regiftred, as aforesaid, from the faid regifter, upon any caufe for which it (hall be defired, or for any offence to difmits and expunge anr feaman from the faid regifter, and thereby deprive him of the benefit thereof, according to the beft of their judgments and difcretions; any thing in this a ft before mentioned to the contrary notwit hftanding.

Licences to be XV. Be it alfo enalted. That licences (hall at any time be given to land- given by order of his Majesty, or the lord high aamiral, or men to ferve commiflioners of the admiralty for the time being, to any land-chant (ki^ men defirous to apply themfelves to the fea fervice, to lerve in merchant (hips, or other trading veflels, which (hall be to them a protection againft being imprefled, for the fpace of two years following the date of such licence: provided that such landmen bring to the regifter two credible perfons, inhabitants, or known in the place where they fo enter themfelves, who (hall aflert their knowledge of such landmen for two years paft, and in whtf Penalty on profeflion or bufinefs they have known them employed; and Zaire vouching that if any perfen youch any for a landman, who fliaK yperfonaung i* ■■***'■** -  V«nw4»

1696.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.2 r.  427

afterwards be proved to be a Seaman, he (hall forfeit the fum of another, or twenty pounds, to be levied in manner, and to the ufes afore- counterfeiting mentioned; and that any Teaman perfonatkigor taking another's uccncc# name, or any Teamen or other perfon whatever, counterfeiting any licence, lhaU forfeit twenty pounds, to the faid ufes, and'* be liable to such further punifhment as by law may be inflidted for such a fraud or mifdemeanor $ and any feaman fo offending as above (hall be incapable of the benefit of this adt*

XVI,  Provided moreover, and it is hereby further ena&ed Seamen inha-by the authority aforefaid. That all feamen and feafaring-men, bitinS m tb* as aforesaid, to be regiftred by virtue of this a#, who are or there, (hall be inhabitants within any of the cinque-ports, or the towns regiftred. and members thereof, (hall and may be regiftred at such places within the faid cinque-ports, or the towns and members thereof, or within fome of them, and in such manner, according to the true intention of this adt, and by such perfons regifters as (hall R*g>fter» tobe for that purpose be appointed ana nominated by the lord war- the wardenof den of the cinque-ports for the time being, or in cafe there be the cinque-no lord warden, or in his abfence, by the lieutenant of Dover ports, and to caftle for the time being j which perfons fo to be nominated and takc *** oath* appointed regifters, (hall (before they or any of them enter or regifter any feaman or feafaring-man as aforesaid, by virtue of this a<ft) take such oath for the due execution of this adfc, as is herein before diredted, before the lord warden for the time being, or the lieutenant of Dover caftle, or his deputy or deputies, or one of them for the time being, or before the mayor of fome one of the cinque-port town9 or members; (which oath they or any of them are impowered hereby to adminifter) and (hall, in tne execution of their refpedHve offices, obferve and perform all such diredtions and orders as are particularly given and made by this adfc concerning the fame, under the relpedtive penalties hereby in that behalf eftablifhed, and all such further diredtions and orders as the King's majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the lord warden of the cinque-ports for the time being, (hall in that behalf give, make or preferibe, according to the tenor of this adfc; and that all feamen and feafaring-men, s??mdn as aforesaid, fo regiftred, as laft mentioned, and their wives wives and children, (hall have, receive and enjoy the like bounties, aiwi children, advantages, profits, capacities, privileges^and exemptions, to all to have the intents and purposes, as any other feamen or feafaring-men, as fame adyan-aforefaid, being elfewhere regiftred, by virtue of this a dt, or their ^ei^regi* ^ wives or children, (hall or may have, receive or enjoy by virtue  8

hereof,'and be liable to all such penalties and punifnments, in cafe of not repairing (on fummons from the lord warden for the time being, or in his abfence5 or in cafe there be no lord warden, from the lieutenant of Dover caftle, his deputy or de-v puties, in such manner as by this adt is before diredted to be made) to the refpedtive (hips whereto they (hall refpedtfvely belong, or be appointed by the faid lord admiral, or by the lords eommiflioners of the admiralty for the time being, or in cafe 6f flefeition, and in all other refpedU ^s luch other Teamen or for-v ... J.  ,  .  ... faripg-

Regiftred men not to fenre M land foldiers.

Chaplain* for-neon, fte. not debarred. .

I

1* Car-i.c.il. «5 Car.*. c, 7.

si & a] Car. a. c. s6,

a j Can*, c. 7.

Goods not to be imported or exported to or from the plantations out in (hips built in England* Ireland* or in the plantations.

Anno fcpdmo & odavo Gulielmi III. c.22.  [16^.

faring-men, as afbrdaid, fo elfewhere regiftred, (hall or may be liable to by virtue of this a£t, any thing heroin contained t> the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVII.  And be it further enafted and declared to be the tnc intent and meaning of this prefent ad. That no perfbn or per. Tons regiftring themfelves, as aforesaid, (hall by virtue of arj of the powers or authority herein contained, be obliged to ferre, or (hall ferve as land-foldiers in any other quality but as feamen in his Majeft/s fleet and navy.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it Anther enacted by authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad contained (ball be conftrued to extend to the debarring any perion from being a chaplain, furgeon, or any other officer in any office in the navy not ofneceffity to be executed by a feafaring-man.

CAP. XXII.

An all for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in tit plantation trade,

WHEREAS notwithfianding divers alls made for tie emn-ragement of the navigation of this kingdom, and for the better femring and regulating the plantation trade, more efpeciatiy s* alt of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of the kg King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad tor increafing of (hipping and navigation, another alt made in the fifteenth year of th reign'of bis find late Majesty^ intituled, An ad for the encourage-ment of trade, another a ft made in the two and twentieth and thus and twentieth years of his faid late Majefiys reign, intituled. An ad to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plantation traae, another alt made in the twenty fifth ym \ of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, intituled, An. ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, arid for the better fecuring the plantation trades, great abufes are daily (remitted to the prejudice of the Englilh navigation, and the lofs of c great part of the plantation trade to this kingdom, by the artifice sni cunning of ill-difpofed perfons; For remedy whereof for the future,

II.  Be it enaded, and it is hereby enaded and ordained by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That after the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand hr hundred ninety eight, no goods or merchandizes whatfoever (hall be imported into, or exported out of, any colony or plantation to his Majesty, in Afia, Africa or America, belonging, or in his pofieffion, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the pofleflion of his Maiefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or (hall be laden in, or carried from any one port or place in the (aid colonies or plantations to any other port or place in the fame, the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any (hip or bottpm, but what is or (hall be of

the

z696.] Anno feptimo & ofltavo Guuelmi III. 0.22.  429.

the built of England, or of the built of Ireland, or the faid colonies or plantations, and wholly owned by the people thereof, or any of them, and navigated with the masters and three fourths of the mariners of the laid places only (except such (hips only Except prize as are or (hall be taken as prize, ana condemnation thereof lhips, and fb-xnade in one of the courts of admiralty in England, Ireland, or the faid colonies or plantations, to be navigated by the matter ^caj-s to** and three fourths of the mariners Englijh% or of the faid planta- bring in naval tions as aforcfaid, and whereof the property doth belong to En- ftores. gUJh men; and alfo except for the fpace of three years, such foreign built lhips as (hall be employed by the commiffioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or upon contract with them, in bringing only matts, timber, and other naval ftores for the King’s fervice trom his Majesty’s colonies or plantations to this kingdom, to be navigated as aforesaid, and whereof the property doth belong to Englijb men) under pain of forfeiture of (hip and goods ; one third part whereof to be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, one third part to the pcnajty governor of the faid colonies or plantations, and the other third ^ part to the perfon who (hall inform and fue for the fame, by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of re-  *

cord at Wejlminjler, or in any court in his Majesty’s plantations, where such offence (hall be committed.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Goods may be That (from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March) imported and goods or merchandizes may beexported or importea to and from exported in this kingdom, the colonies, plantations and places aforesaid,

in any such (hips as are or (hall be taken as prize, and whereof three fourths condemnation (hall be made in one of the courts of admiralty of the mari- ' aforesaid, and (hall be navigated as aforesaid, by the matter, "cnbeing three fourths of the mariners Englijhy and whereof the property "****•

(hall belong to Englijb men, and alfo mails, timber, and other naval ftores for his Majesty’s fervice, for the fpace of three years, may be imported from his Majesty's colonies or plantations to this kingdom, in such foreign built (hips as (hall be employed by the commiffioners of the navy for the time being, or by contract with them \ any law or ftatute to the contrary, notwith-ftanding.

IV.  And whereas by one claufe in the faid all pajfed in the twelfth

year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An MCarf 1. c.if, aCt for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, all governors of his Majefly's colonies or plantations in Alia, Africa, or America, are required to take a folemn oath to do their utmoft that every the claufes therein before mentioned, and all the matters and things therein conthinid, Jball be punctually ar\d bona fide obferved according to the true intent and meaning thereof fo that the faid governors are not JlriCfly obliged by that oath to put in execution the fubr fequent claufes of the faid att, although fome of the claufes following are of great importance, and tend greatly to the fecurity of the planta-tion trade: and whereas divers other good laws nave been made for the 13 & 14Car- *» better regulating and fecuring the plantation trade Jince she faid lajl c.u, *

men*

436 Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulielmi 111. c.it. [169^

4&5W. &M. mentionedaft; be it farther enafted by the authority aforcfai^ J; *7*  That ail the prelent governors and commanders in chief of anf

E*ifyb colonies or plantation*, lhall, before the five and twea* tion* to take tieth day of March, onethousand fix hundred ninety feven, ard an oath toob- all who hereafter (hall be made governors or commanders m chief of the laid colonies or plantations, or any of them, before and the'other t*lc*r entrancc mto their government, (hall take a folernn oath ta *&arel*tk>g to do their utmoft, that all the daufes, matters and things, cc> the faid plan- tained in the before recited afts of parliament heretofore pa&d, £®r- and now in force, relating to the (aid colonies and plantation, firS/Tktw atu* t^at ^ **** every the daufes contained in this prefent ad, c. Mi f. 69. * he punctually and horn fedi obferved, according to the true intent *  and meaning thereof (which oath (hall be taken before fach per.

N fon or perfons as (hall be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and lucceflbrs, who are hereby authorized to adminifter die fame} fo far as appertains unto the faid governors or commanders ia On negleft, to chief refpeftively ; and upon complaint and proof made before be removed his Majesty, his heirs and fuccetfors, or fach as (hall be by him from hn go- or them thereunto authorized and appointed by the oath of twe foMx^oooI.or more creole witnefles, that any of the faid governors or *  * commanders in chief have neglefted to take the faid oath at the

times aforefiud, or have been wittingly or willingly negligent i:A doing their duty accordingly, the faid governor lo neglecting or offending (hall be removed from his government, and font.! 1 the fam of one thousand pounds fteriing.

V.  And whereas by the faid aft of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of trade, th 1 t cCar. *. c governors tf the plantations are impowered to appoint an officer for :h *  *  ''performance  of  certain things in the faid aft mentioned, tabicb fai

officer is there commonly known by the name of the naval officer; sd whefeas through the connivance or negligence of the perfons fo applied by the governors of the faid plantations, divers frauds and abufis Naval officers gre or have been committedbe it therefore enacted by the autho-tionTto ^ a^ore^l^> That aD and every the faid officers already appoint-fecurity to^the ** (hall, within two months after notice of this aft in the refpec-commuTionert five plantations, or as loon as conveniently it may be, give fe-of the cuftoms curity to the commiffioners of the caftotns in England for the wrformsmce°r **me bring, or as ^all be aPP°inted by them, for his Ma-S theirduty, jriW’s ufe, for the true and faithful performance of their duty; and in default ana all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall hereafter be ap. to be difabled. pointed to the laid office or employment, lhall within two months, or as foon as conveniently it may be, after his or their entrance upon the (aid office or employment, give fufficient fe-eurity to the commiffioners of the cuftoittf as aforesaid, for his Majesty’s ufe, for the true and faithful performance of his or their duty; and in default thereof, the perfon or perfons neg-lefting or refilling to give fach fecurity, (hall be difabled to exe*

'  cute the faid office or employment; and until fach fecurity

S'ven, and the perfon appointed to the faid* office or employment i approved by the commiffioners of the cuftoms as aforesaid, tbe refpeftive governor or governors (hall be anfwerable for any

the

1696.3 Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.22.  43  e

the offences, neglefts or mtfdemeanors, of thepcrfonor perfons Governors in fo by him or them appointed.  »tenn»  to

VI.  And for the more effeftual preventing of frauds, and regulat- ships oc^n** ingabufes in the plantation trade in America, be it further enafted into, or going by the authority aforefeid, That all (hips coming into, or going out of, the out of, any of the (aid plantations, and lading or unlading any plantation Ira-goods or commodities, whether the fame be his Majesty’s (hips f^^ruies of war, or merchants (hips, and the matters and commanders &c. as oiips im thereof, and their ladings, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the Eneland, by fame rules, vifitations, fearches, penalties and forfeitures, as to HCar.s.c. ix. the entring, lading, or difcharging their refpc&ive Chips and ladings, as Slips and their ladings, and the commanders and matters of (hips, are fubjeft and liable unto in this kingdom, by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for prevent- And officers ing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Majefiy's cuftoms: and that of the revenue the officers for collefting and managing his Majesty’s revenue, thc^mc wt-and infpefting the plantation trade, in any of the faid plants- ers as officers* tions, (hall have the fame powers and authorities, for vifiting of the cuftoms and fearching of (hips, and taking their entries, and for feizingEngland, and fecuring or bringing on (hore any of the goods prohibiten to be imported or exported .into or out of any the (aid plantations, or for which any duties are payable, or ought to have been paid, by any of the before mentioned afts, as are provided for the officers of the cuftoms in England by the faid laft mentioned aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and alfo to enter houfes or warehoufes, to fearch for and feize any such goods; and that all the wharfin- Penalty on gers, and owners of keys and wharfs, or any lightermen, ffSiUn|Cin,&C’ bargemen, watermen, porters, or other perfons affiftmg in the concealment conveyance, concealment qr refeueof any of the faid goods, or in or refeue of the hindring or refiftance of any of the faid officers in the perfor- goods, xnance of their duty, and the boats, barges, lighters or other veflfels, employed in the conveyance of such goods, (hall be fubjeft to the like pains and penalties as are provided by the feme aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in relation to prohibited or uncuftomed goods in this Like affiftance kingdom; and that the like affiftance (hall be given to the faid officers in the execution of their office, as by the faid laft men- and officers tioned aft is provided for the officers in England; and alfo that fubjeft to the the faid officers (hall be fubjeft to the feme penalties and forfeU-faroep*15*1*16* tures, for any corruptions, frauds, connivances, or conceal- 5?^ 13 & meats, in violation of any the before mentioned laws, as any “ *’ c‘I#* officers of the cuftoms in England are liable to, by virtue of the faid laft mentioned aft; and alfd that in cafe any officer or officers in the plantations (hall be fued or molefted for any thing done in the execution of their office, the faid officer (hall and may plead the general iflUe, and (hall give this or other cuftom afts in evidence, and the judge to allow thereof, have and en- General iffue. joy the like privileges and advantages, as are allowed by law to the officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England,

VII. And

432  Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulie lmi III. C.22. [ify5

One third of  VII. And it is hereby further ena fled. That all thepenahic

the forfeitures an(j forfeitures before mentioned, not in this aft particularly & King, another P°^ of, (hall be one third part to the ufe of his Majcfti, t to the gover- heirs and fucceflors, and one third part .to the governor of the Conor of the  lony or plantation where the offence (hall be committed,and the o-

plantation and ther third part tofuch perfon of perfons asftiallfueforthcUmc,^ the profecu° he rccovcre^ m  ofhisMajefty’s courts at Wefiminfier, or inti:

tor. ' kingdom of Ireland, or m the court of admiralty held in his Mi-jedy’s plantations refpeftively, where such offence (hall be committed, at the pleafureof the officer or informer, or in any other plantation belonging to any fubjeft of England, wherein not-foin, proteftion, or wager of law, (hall be allowed; and the where any queftion (hall arife concerning the importation or a-Proof to lie on portation of any goods into or out of the laid plantations, in led the owner. cafc pr0of lhall lie upon the owner or daimer, and the claimer (hall be reputed th&importer or owner thereof.

VIII.  And whereas in Jome of bis Majejtys American plonttiiw, a doubt or mifconjlrufliou has arifen upon the before mentions made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles t* •jCar. a.c. 7. Second, whereby certain duties are kid upon the commoditits them enumerated [which by law may be tranfported from one plantatin :i another for the Jicpp/y of each others wants) as if the fame wtrtbjtk payment of thoje duties in one plantation, difehargedfrom gwiBiti* fecurities intended by the aforefaid alls, made in the twelfth, tunad twent ieth, and three and twentieth years of the. reign of King Charfa No goods to the Second, and confequently be at liberty to go to any foreign mttrhtz be uipped,' Europe, without coming t* England* Wales, or Berwick: it it paid in the** hereby further enafted and declared. That notwithftanding tb plantations, payment of the aforefaid duties in any of the faid plantation; iinti} fecurity none of the faid goods (hall be . (hipped or laden on board, un£ be given as re- such fecurity (haud be given as is inquired by the hid ads, made %r,bi in the twelfth, two ami twentieth and three and twentieth yean 1 Sc is i* *3 Car. °f the reign of King Charles the fecond, to cany the fame to »• c.16. on England, Wales, or Berwick, or to fome other Dt his MajcfK’i forfeiture ^ plantations, and fo toties quoties, as any of the laid goods (hall be {hip and goods, be brought to be re~fhipped or laden in any of the (aid plantations, under the penalty and forfeiture .of (hip and goods, to be divided and difpofed of asaforefaid-Laws,by-laws,  IX. And it (is further enafted and declared by the authority

dec. of plants- aforefaid. That all laws, by-laws, usages or cuftoms, at this J lunt’tot^ii¥ ^me> or which hereafter (hall be in praftice, or endeavoured or aft, to be void, pretended to be in force or praftice, in any of the faid plantations, which are in any wife repugnant to the before mentioned laws, or any of them, fo far as they do relate to the faid plantations, or any of them, or which are any ways repugnant to this pre-fent aft, or to any other law hereafter to be made in this king-dom, fo far as such law fhall relate to and mention the faid plantations, are illegal, null and void, to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

X.  And whereas great frauds and abufes have been cmmtuihj Scotch men and others in the plantation trade, by obtruding fdft ^

Mir*

1696.] Anno, feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 21.  4$3

taMHUrftit certificates ttptn the geverner and officers in the planta-tions appointed by his Majejiys commijftoners of the cuftoms in England, of having given ftcurity in this kingdom to bring the ladings of plantation goods to England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed ; at alfo certificates of having, difcharged their lading of plan* tation goods in this kingdom, purfuant to fecurities taken in the plan-tationy and alfo cocqnets or certificates of having taken in their ladings of European goods in England, Wales, or Berwick ; by means wberetf they may carry the goods of Scotland, and other places of Europe, without flapping or lading the fame in England, Wales, or Berwick* to his Majejiys plantations, and alfo carry the goods of the plantations direflly to Scotland, or to any other market in Europe, without bringing the fame into England, Wales, or towel of Berwick upon Tweed: it is hereby further enalted, That in Officer* fiif-fuch cafes where the governor or officers appointed by the pe&ingcerri-commiffipners of the cuftoms in the plantations mail have reafon- ferity for able ground of fufpicion that such certificates are falfe or difeharge of counterfeit (that is to fay) that the certificate of having given fe- the pianta-curity in England is falfe, in such cafe the governor or officers tion lading, appointed by the commiflioners of the cuftoms, (hall require and canceUmifi-take fufficient fecurity therefor the difeharge of the plantation lad*- catc tju jn. ing in England, IPaleSyortomnof Berwick uponTweed; and in such formed of the cafe where there (hall be caUfe to fufped, that the certificate of truth, having difeharged her lading of plantation goods in this kingdom is falfe or counterfeit, the governor or officers aforefaid (hall not cancel or vacate the fecurity given in the plantation, until he or they (hall be informed from the commiflioners of the ett-Homs in England that the matter of the faid certificate is true; and if any perfon or perfons fhall counterfeit, rafeor falfify any penaity 0n cocket, certificate, return or permit, for any vefiel or goods, perfon* couu-or (hall knowinghr or willingly make ufe thereof* such perfon or terfeiting perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be re- coc*cts» covered and difpofed of as aforesaid, and the cocket, certificate, return or permit fo counterfeited* rafed or falfificd, (hall be invalid, and of no effedl.

XI.  And for the better executing the feveral alls of parliament Treafury and relating to the plantation trade, be it enalted by the authority comnuffionert aforefaid. That the lord treafurer, commiflioners of the treafury, of cuftoms and the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time be- may appoint ing, (hall and may conftitute and appoint such and fo many of-ficers of the cuftoms in any city, town, river, port, harbour or the* creek, of or belonging to any of the iflands, trails of land and iflands, &c. proprieties, when and as often ,as to them (hall feem needful; if a&ion* be it further alfo ’enalted, That upon any altions, fuits, and informations that (hall be brought, commenced or entred in ju™ tVbeVa-the faid plantations, upon any law or ftatute concerning hisMa- tivwof Eng-jefty’s duties, or (hips or goods to be forfeited by reafon of any land, Ireland, unlawful importations or exportations, there (hall not be any orp^lamations. jury, but of such only as are natives of England or Ireland, or biennia* CoWare born in his Majesty’s faid plantations * and alfo that upon iQny. all such altions, fuits ant) informations, the offences may be Vo* IX,  T  f  laid

434 Anno feptimo & odtava Goliklmi 1IL c. it. [169G.

hid or alledged in any colony, province, county, prerind or divifion of any of the faid plantations where such offences areal-lodged to be committed, at the pleafure of the officer or informer.

XII.  Provided always, That all places oF trail in the courts e Placet of truft Jaw, or what relates to the treafury of the faid iflands, fltall, firca hanrf. llfVil the making of this a6t, be in the hands of the native-born Cub-natives. jeds of England or Inland, or of the faid iflands.

XIII.  And whereas by the faid alt made in the two and twack' and three and twentieth years of the reign of bis faid late majpfy Jfe Charles the Second, the bonds required to be given in the pmtoAn by virtue of the faid aft, for encouraging and increafing offinppingaei navigation, are altered, and the word Ireland to be left out of A condition of all such bonds; and by the faid aft it is enafted ardfr vided, That for such/hips or vejfels coming from other ports orpkn, to any of the faid plantations, which by the faid aft for enctntrogy and tncreaft of /hipping were permitted to trade toere, the garners of such Engli(h plantations fhould, before the find Jhip or vtf. Jhouldbe permitted to load on board any of the commodities in tin hi aft particularly mentioned, take bond in manner and to the vahu ion-timed and direfttd in the above mentioned aft for encouraging anii■-creafe of /hipping and navigation, for each refpeftive flnp or tv//, that such /hip or vcffel/hall carry all theaforefatd goods, that jbeutth laden on board in thefaid Jhip, to fome other of his Afajefly's Engfife plantations, or to England, Wales, or town of Berwick Tweed: but becaufe no provifion hath hitherto been made for thirt-tuming and producing certificates within fome reafonable lirmtcl tbu< of the landing and diftharging such goods, according to the csndiiz of the faid bonds, and alfo becaufe many times it hath happened, tk the fureties taken in the Jaid bonds have been per fens not rejident in A faid plantations, but of uncertain and unknown abodes, toe faid fat have proved ineffeftual to the good purposes intended by the faid 0R1; I

Bonds given **11 therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in all fud in plantations, bonds, to be hereafter given or taken in the faid plantations, tie fureties to be  fureties therein named (hall be perfons of known refidence and

of ability.  ability in the faid plantations, for the value  mentioned in the

Condition of ^ b°nds* and that the condition of the faid bonds (hall be, thebonds.Ftff- within eighteen months after the date thereof (the danger ot tber provifions the feas excepted) to produce certificate of having landed and rjfalJn\t0 f*cb difeharged the goods therein mentioned, in one of his Afajefly’s n* c. it kid plantations, or in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, f. *'  otherwife such bond, or copies thereof, being  attefted underrhe

hand and feal of the governor or commander  in chief to whom

fuch bonds, were given, (hall be in force, and allowed of in am court in England, Ireland, or the plantations as if the original were produced in court by the prolecutor.

XIV.  And whereas feveral /hips and vt/fels laden with t:k:a} Jugars, and other goods of the growth and produ ft of "his Mojeth'i plantations in America, have been difeharged in feveral ports if At kingdoms of Scotland and Ireland, contrary to the laws and ftotsttes now in being, under pretence that the faid /lips and vejfels were drmt

435

1696.] Anno feptimo & o&aro Gulielmi III, c.zi.

in thither byJbrefs ofweather, or for want of provifions, and other dip abilities could not proceed on their voyage:. for remedy whereof be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the-firft day of December, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, it (hall Produft of the not be lawful, on any pretence whatfocvcr, to put on fhore in Potation* the faid kingdoms of Scotland or Ireland\ any goods or merchan- o^lhore^n^ dize of the growthor prpduft of any of his Majesty's plantations Scotland, or aforesaid, unlefs the lame have been first landed in the kingdom Ireland,uniefs of England> dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed)  he firft

and paid the rates and duties wherewith they are chargeable by m ng" law, under the penalty of the forfeiture of the (hip and goods ; three fourths without compofition to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceilors, and the other fourth to him or them that lhall fue for the fame*

XV.  Provided j neverthelefs. That if any fhip or veflel laden If fliip ftrand*

as aforesaid, (hall by ftrefs of weather be ftranded, or by reafon ed in Ireland, of leakinefs, or other difability, (hall be driven into any port or S°°ds bc place within the kingdom of Ireland, and (hall not be able to and kept proceed on her voyage; then and in suchcafe only the faid goods cuftodyof the and merchandizes may be permitted to be put on fhore, but (hall officer of the be deliveredrinto the cuftody and pofieffion of the colleftoror  ^ai  i

chief officer of the%cuftoms of such port or place where the faid for England? (hip (hall be fo ftranded or driven into, there to remain until

the faid goods and merchandize (hall, at the charge of the owner thereof, be put on board fome other (hip or vefiel, in order to be tranfported and carried to (bine other port or place within the faid kingdom of England^ dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the faid officer first taking good and fufficient fecurity for the delivery of the fame, according to the true intent a3?vcry. °r and meaning of this aft..

XVI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons not to. That all perfons and their aflignees, claiming any right or pro- fell plants* priety in any iflands or drafts ofdand upon the continent of Amt- t\onsi“

rica, by charter or letters patents, (hall not at any time hereafter  ot'°

aliene, fell or difpofe of any of the faid iflands, trafts of lands or England, See. proprieties, other than to the natural-born fubjefts of England,

Ireland, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy without the licence and confent of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, fignified by his or their order in council, first had and obtained ; and all governors nominated and appointed by any Governor* to such perfons or proprietors, who (hall be intitled to make fucp be approved of nomination, (hall be allowed and approved of by his Majesty, a^to takethe his heirs and fucceffors, as aforesaid, and (hall take the oaths inr oaths, joined by this or any other aft to be taken by the governors or commanders in chief in other his Majesty’s colonies and plantations, before their entring upon their refpeftive governments, under the like penalty, as his Majesty*s governors and com- Penalty, manders in chief are by the faid afts liable to.

XVII.  And for a 'more effeftual prevention of frauds which Engfifk bqpc may be ufed to elude the intention of this aft, by colouring fo-

leign (hips under Englijh names; be it further enafted by Ep^^deoii

F f 2  thcp

43.6  ■ Anno feptimo A o&aVo GUlielmi tit. c.21. [1696.

Qath*f^e the authority aforelaid, That from and after the five and twentieth »  .  daY -°f Marche which (hall be in the year of our Lord one fboa -

0 ’ (and fix hundred ninety eight, no (hip or vefTel whatfoever (hall be deemed or pais at a (nip of the built of England, Ireland, Wales, Berwick, Guemfey, Jerfey, or any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, fo as to be qualified to trade to, from or in any of the plantations, until the perfon or perfons claiming property in fucb (hip or vefTel (hall regifter the tame as followeth, that is to fay, if the (hip at the time of such regifter doth belong to any port n England Ireland, Wales, or to the town of Berwick upon Twad, then proof (hall be made upon oath of one or more of the owners of such (hip or vefTel, before the colle&or and comptroller of his •rr if belong- Majesty’s cuftoms in such port; or if at the time of such regifter to Amc^ the (hip belong to any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, or Scroimw to  Wands of Guernfey or Jerfey, tnen the like proof to be made

’ before the governor, together with the principal officer of hh Majesty’s revenue redding,on such plantation or ifland, which oath the faid governors and officers of the cuftoms refpe&ively are hereby authorized to adminifter in the tenor following, viz.

Tht oath.

JURAT' A. B. That the Jhip  [name]  §f

[ f>crt]  whereof  »  [majter*s  name]

is at prefent majier, being a  [kind  of  built]

of  [1burthen]  tuns, was built at  [pker,

where]  in  the year  [time when]  and that

[owners name]  of  and

of, &c. are at prefent owners thereof; and that ns foreigner, direfllyor indireflfy, hath anyJbare, or part, or inter eft therein.

OitK to be at- XVIIL Which oath, being attefted by the governor,- or cu-£efted by the ftom officer refpeflively, who adminiftred the fame, under their aduip^tem hands and feals, (hall after having been regiftred by them, bedc-be thmfmit- livered to the mafter of the (hip for the fecurity of her navigated..  tion, a duplicate of which regifter (hall be immediately tranfmit-

ted to the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in the port of P alt  London, in order to be entred in a general regifter, to be that

(hip trading ^or *WS purpose, with penalty upon any Slip or vefTel trad-to America ing to, from or in any of his Majesty’s plantations in America, without proof after the laid five and twentieth day of March, and not having .of her built made proof of her built and property, as is here dire&cd, that (he (hall be liable, and (he is hereby made liable, to such prole-cution and forfeiture as any.foreign (nip (except prizes condemned in the high court of admiralty) would for trading with theic plantations by this law be liable to.

Prize (hips to * XIX. Provided always, That all such (hips as have been or ht!eg,(Jre<i,d ^ ta^cn at k* by letters of mart or reprizal, and con-ihat^e pro-C damnation thereof made in the high court of admiralty of Eng-perty is Eng- iW as lawful prize, (hall be fpecially regiftred, mentioning the lfflu  capture and condemnation inftead onthe time and place of build-

ing, with proof allbupon oath, that the entire property is E,g-

it4*

1696.3 Anno feptimo & octavo Gulielmt III. 0.23,14;  457

fl>, before any such prize (hall be allowed the privilege of an

Inglijh built (hip, according to the meaning of this ad.

XX. Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft (hall be conftru- Fl<her-boat»»

* gj Set, not

lilt) whole navigation oafts of the fame plailtation or place where they trade refpeftive-/, but only of such of them as crofs the feas to or from any of he lands, iflands, places or territories, in this aft before re-ited, or from one plantation to another.

XXI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Ship's name That no (hip’s name regiftred (hall be afterwards changed, with- no^° iut regiftring such (hip de novo, which is hereby required to be one upon any transfer of property to another port, and deliver* novo, and if ig up the former certificate to be cancelled, under the fame fold, such Tale enalties, and in the like method, as is herein before direfted jt0 be indorfsd nd that in cafe there be any alteration of property in the fame fter?cert?£ ; *ort, by the fale of one or more (hares in any (hip after regif- cate# ring thereof, such (ale (hall always be acknowledged by indorfe-nent on the certificate of the regifter before two witnefies, in n order to prove that the entire property in such (hip remains 0 feme of the fubjefts of England, if any difpute arifes concerning the fame.

CAP. XXIII.

kn aft for continuing feveral former afts for punching officer and foldiers EXP. who (hall mutiny or defert his Majesty's fer vice, and for punithing falfc mutters, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.

CAP. XXIV.

4n aS requiring tbepraSifcrs of law to take the oaths, and Jubfcribe the declaration therein mentioned.

FOR the better (Security of his Majesty’s government, andthe publick peace of this kingdom; be it enafted by the King’s noft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of he lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this parlia-* nent aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any >erfon at any time after the five and twentieth day of May, which hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred nine-y fix, (hall aft as a ferieant at lav/, councellor at law, barrifter, Perfons prac; idvocate, attorney, follicitor, proper, clerk or notary, by prac- tifing law not :ifmg in any manner as such in any court or courts whatfoever, tak*n$ the lot having, before the time of such afting, taken in his Maje-  ^  ^

fly’s court of Chancery, or King9s Bench, or quarter feflions of the s. to incur the county wherein he lives, the oaths mentioned and appointed'to penalties in be taken in and by one aft made in the first year of the reign of fratute of pre. King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for the abrogate  **

tng of the oaths of allegiance andJupremacy, and apppointing other oaths, *  *  5*

and made and fubferibed the declaration appointed to be made and fubferibed in and by one aft made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of‘King Charles the Second, intituled. An ait *$Cax, a.

f f 3  ftr

W1

Forty days between the tefle and return ot the writ.

*3* Anno fepfitho & oftavo GulielMi III. c.25. [1696*

for preventing dangers which may happen from popijb recufants, such perfons (hall incur all the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, men* tioned in the ftatute of proviiion and premunire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for the further regulating eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of Jheriffsy and other officers, in the elefting and returning such members.

HERE AS by the evil practices and irregular proceedings of fl>eriffs9 under Jheriffs9 mayors, bailiffs, and other officers, in the execution of writs and precepts for'elefting of members to ferve in parliament fas well the freeholders and others, in their right of chftion, as alfo the terfons by them elefted to be their reprefentatives, have heretofore been greatly injured and abufed: now for remedying the fame, and preventing the like for the future, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That when any new parliament (hall at any time here-Writ to be if- after be fummoned or called, there (hall be forty days between fued out with the tejie and returns of the writs of fummons; and that the lord ^  chancellor,  lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal

to the pmper ^or t*mc being, fball out rrTlts f°r de&ion of mem-officer, who bers to ferve in the fame parliament, with as much expedition is to indorfe as the fame may be done; and that as well upon the calling or the day when fummoning any new parliament, as alfo in cafe of any vacancy make out the during this prefent or any future parliament, the feveral writs precept. (hall be delivered to the proper officer to whom the execution thereof doth belong or appertain, and to no other perfon whatsoever: and that every such officer, upon the receipt of the fame writ, (hall upon the back thereof indorfe the day he received the fame, and (hall forthwith, upon receipt of the writ, make out the precept or precepts to each borough, town corporate, port, or place within his jurifdi&ion, where any member or members are to be eledted to ferve in such new parliament, or Precept to be t0 Supply any vacancy during the prefent, or any future parlia-cklivcred in ment 3 and within three days after the receipt of the faid writ three days of eledfcion, (hall, by himfelt or proper agent, deliver or caufe to Ch  be delivered, such precept or precepts to the proper officer of

By 10 Of tiV. evenr borough, town corporate, port or place within his e. 7./ ». ' jurikiidtton, to whom the execution of such precept doth belong Theft three are or appertain, and to no other perfon whatfoever; and every such officer, upon the back of the fame precept, (hall indorle dor I? the day l^e day of his receipt thereof, in the prefence of the party from of receipt, and whom he received such precept, and (hall forthwith caufe pub-give 4 days lick notice to be given of the time and place of eledUon, and notice of the ffiali proceed to election thereupon, within the fpace of eight tion in 8 day* days next after his receipt of the lame precept, and give four after. y days notice at lead of the day appointed for the election.

II. And

i 6964] Anno fcprimo & o&yrc Guuelmi III. c. *5,  439

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That SherifF, &c. , neither the (heriff or his under (heriff, in any county or city, nor the mayor, bailiff, conftable, port-reeve, or other officer or offi- for making cers of any borough, town corporate, p<Ht or place, to whom the out receipt, execution of any writ or precept for electing members to ferve in of any parliament doth belong or appertain, (hall give, pay, receive, or ^n^or Prc" take any fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, for the making out, p receipt, delivery, return, or execution of any such writ or precept.

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. County court That upon every election to be made of any knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in this prefent or any future parliament, an<i pr0cced the (heriff of the county where such election (hall be made, to election, fhall hold his county court for the fame election at the molt unlef* faU publick and ufual place of election within the faid county, and weipt* where the fame has molt ufuallybeen for forty years iaft pad 0f the writ! and (hall there proceed to election at the next county court, unlefs the fame fall out to be held within iix days after the receipt of the writ, or upon the fame day, and then (hall adjourn the fame court to fome convenient day, giving ten days notice of the time and place of election j and in cale the hid  ■

election be not determined upon the view, with the confent dfpd^if requir-the freeholders there prefent, but that a poll (hall be required for cd, and toap~ determination thereof, then the faid (heriff, or in his abfence his point a num-under (heriff, with such others as fhall be deputed by him, fhall ^o°ar«^obi forthwith there proceed to take the faid poll, in fome open orj^^6 publick place or places, by the fame (heriff, or his under meriff, as aforesaid, in his abfence, or others appointed for the taking thereof, as aforefaid; and for the more due orderly proceeding in the faid poll, the faid (heriff, or in his abfence his under (heriff, or such as he (hall depute, (hall appoint such number of clerks as to him (hall feem meet and convenient for taking thereof; which clerks (hall all take the faid poll, in the prefence of the faid (heriff,

. or his under (heriff, or such as he fhall depute: and before they Name of each begin to take the faid poll, every clerk fo appointed fhall, by freeholder to the faid (heriff or his under (heriff, as aforesaid, be fworn truly for whom and indifferently to take the fame poll, and to fet down the p0y$> an4 names of each freeholder, and the place of his freehold, and a perfon for for whom he fhall poll, and to poll no freeholder, who is notcach ca?di- • fworn, if fo required by the candidates, or any of them (which oath of the (aid clerks, the. faid (heriff or his under (heriff, or such as he (hall depute, are hereby impowered to admimfter) and the (heriff, or in his abfence his under (heriff, as aforesaid, fhall appoint for each candidate, such one perfon as (hall be nominated to him by each candidate, to be infpedtoi s of every clerk who (hall be appointed for taking the poll; and tvery free- Freeholder to holder, before he is admitted to poll at the fame election, (hall, be fworn* if required by the candidates, or any of them, first take the oath herein after mentioned; which oath the faid (heriff, by himfolf or his under (heriff, or such fworn clerks by him appointed for • taking of the faid poll, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to jdwiwfter (viz.)

¥f 4  YOU

440

The oath. Another oatb is appointed by i8Geo.s.c.iS.

Perfons con-v idled of perjury, or fubor-mtion, to incur the penalty in 5 £1. c. 9.

Sheriff not to adjourp the court, unleft the candidates coufent.

Copy of the poll to be delivered, if de-fired, paying for wnting.

Penalty on

fheriffs, Uc. committing wilf ul offence.

None to * ote by reason of

tni*,Src. xl 1-efs m adtual

‘Anno fcpttmo & o&avo Gcjlielmi IIL c.25. [1696.

YOU /ball j'wear that you ore a freeholder for the county cf and have freehold lands or hereditaments of the yearly value of forty /hillings, lying at

within the faid county of  and that you boot

not been before polled at this election.

IV.  And in cafe any freeholder, or any other perfbn taking the faid oath, (hall thereby commit wilful and corrupt perjury, and be thereof convided, or if any perfon do unlawfully and corruptly procure or fubom any freeholder, or other perfon, to take the faid oath, ih order to be polled, whereby he (hall commit such wilful and corrupt perjury, and (hall be thereof convided ; he and they, for every fueft offence, (hall incur the like pains and penalties as are, in and by one ad of parliament made m the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for puni/hmeni of such perfons as /ball procure or commit any wilful perjury, enaded againft all such who (hall commit wilful perjury, or fubom or procure any perfon to commit any unlawful and corrupt perjury contrary to the faid ad.

V.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the faid (heriff, or in His abfence his under (heriflf, or such as he (hall depute, as aforesaid, (hall at the fame place of eledion proceed to the polling ?11 the freeholders then and there prefent, and (hall not adjourn the county court then and there held, to any other town or place within the fame county, without the confent of the candidates, nor (hall, by any unnecei&ry adjournment in the fame place of eledion protrad or delay the eledion; but (hall duly ana orderly proceed in the taking of the bid poll from,day to day, and time to time, without any further pr other adjournment, without the confcnt of the candidates, until all the freeholders then and there prefent (hall be polled, and no longer.

VI.  Apd be it further enaded, Th^t every (heriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, and other officer, to whom the execution of any writ or precept fhall belong for the eleding members to ferve in parliament, (hall forthwith deliver fo such perfon or perfons, as (hall defire the fame, a copy qf the poll taken at such eledion, paying only a reafonable obarge for writing the fame: and every (heriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, and other officer, to whom the execution of any writ or precept for eleding of members to ferve in parliament doth belong, for every wilful offence contrary to this ad (hall forfeit to every party fo aggrieved the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his or their executors or adminiftrators, together with full cofts of fuit, and for tthich he or they may fue bv adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts at JVeflminfterj wherein no effoin, protedion, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, (hall be admitted or allowed.

VII.  And be it alfo enaded, That no perfon or perfons (hall be allowed to have any vote in eledion ot members to ferve in parliament, for or by reafon of ?ny truft eftate, or mortgage,

unlef$

1696.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 26.  44%.

unlefs such truftee or mortgagee be in afhial poffeflion or re* po&ffion; but ceipt of the rents and profits of the fame eftate; but that the morlg**®r mortgager, or Ceftm pie trujly in pofleflion, (hail and may vote c^nv«ysmces for the fame eftate, notwithflanding such mortgage or truft; and in order to that all conveyances of any meuuages, lands, tenements, or multiply, hereditaments, in any county, city, borough, town corporate, »oiccV^' port or place, in order to multiply voices, or to fplit and divide ^  :, Jfo

the intereft in any houfes or lands among feveral perfons, to cmvtyoxcts to enable them to vote at elections of members to ferve in parlia- quabjffrfoms ment, are hereby declared to be void and of none efTeft, that no more than one (ingle voice (hall be admitted for one gut om voice and the fame houfe or tenement.  for one boufe.

VIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That no pcrfon whatfoever/Nonc ta^/er being under the age of one and twenty years, (hall at any time »i yean to hereafter be admitted to give his voice for election of any mem- vote, or to be ber or members to ferve in this prefent, pr any future parlia- mcm“ ment; and that no perfon hereafter (hall be capable of being n# eledled a member to ferve in this or any future parliament, who

is not of the age of one and twenty years; and every election of return of any perfon under thatage is hereby declared to be null and void; and if any such minor hereafter cnofen (hall prefume to (it or vote in parliament, he (hall incur such penalties and penalty, forfeitures, as if he had prefumed to (it and vote in parliament without bong chofen or returned.

IX.  And whereat the county court of the comity of York is by County courts

cuflom called and held upon Mondays, which hath long been com- for York to be plained of to be a very inconvenient aay to all the fuitors thereunto,  Wcd-

who at the elections of knights of the Jhirey and all fervices at other n

timesy are forced to travel upon Sundays to their attendance therey to their very great diJfatisfaCtion and grievance j be it therefore enafU ed by the authority aforesaid, That all county courts, after the five and twentieth day of Marchy one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, held for the county of Torky or any other county courts, which heretofore ufed to be held on a Monday, (hall he called and begun upon a Wednefdayy and not otherwife; any cuflom or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding. '

X.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority afore- Poll may be faid, That the fheriflf of the county of Southampton, or his depu- adjourned ty, at the requeft of one or more of the candidates for eleftion

of a knight or knights for that county, (hall adjourn the poll Ncwport°in from Winchcjl€ry after every freeholder then and there prefent is the ifleof pulled, to Newport in the ifle of TVigbty for the eafe of the in- Wight, habitants of the faid ifland; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

CAP. XXVI. 4  Continued by

An aft for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attlebo- ,%Geo, i.e.%*. rough in the county of Norfolk. To be in force 15 years, unlefs the and for x\

foad be amended before, and the money borrowed be ltpaid.

CAP,

jean from ay Mur. 1747. by. soGeo.s. c.16.

4+1 Anno feptinjo & o&ivp. Qouei^mi III. C. [1696.

Perfons refuting to take the oaths by sW.&Mrfi. c. %. liable to the penalties inflicted on popilh recu-

Namrt of per-fons refufine to be efttred on record.

Record to be certified to the juftices of af-fice.

CAp; XXVII.

An a& for the better fecwrity of bis Matfftfs royal perfon and government.

TXT’HERE AS the welfare and fafetyef this kingdom, and the W reformed religion, do, next under God, intirely depend upon the prefervation of your Majeflfs royal perfon and government 3 which by the merciful providence of God of late have been delivered from the bloody and barbarous attempts of traitors and other your Majeffs enemies, who, there is jujl reajon to believe, have in great nuafwre been encouraged to undertake and profecute such their wicked defigns, partly by your Majejly's great and undeferved clemency towards them, and partly by the want of a fufficient provifton in the law7 for the fecuring officers and places of truft to such as are weflaffefled to your Majeffs government, and jor the repreffing and punijbing such as art known to be dUajfeflei to the fame: r or remedy whereof may it

Eleafe your Majesty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enaaed y the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confer)t pf thp lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, all and eveiy perfon and perfons who (hall refufe to take the oaths mentioned and appointed to be taken in an adt of parliament made in the firft

Kof the reign of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen of :d memory, intituled. An aft for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, or either of them, when tendred to him or them by any perfons lawfully authorized to adminifter or tender the fame, or (hall refufe or negledt to appear when lawfully fummoned, in order to have the faid oaths tendred to him or them, (hall, until he or they have duly taken the faid oaths, be liable to incur, forfeit, pay and futfer all and every the penalties, forfeitures, fums of money, difabilities and incapacities, which by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, now in force, or any of them, are infiided upon popi(h recufants duly convidt of recufancy: and for the better and more orderly levying and anfwering the faid penalties and forfeitures to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the perfons io tendring the faid oaths (hall, upon every such refufal or de* fault of appearance as aforesaid, record ana enter in parchment the chriftian and furnames, and the place of abode of the per* fon or perfons fo refilling, or not appearing as aforesaid, to take the faid oaths, or either of them, together with the time of such tender and refufal, or default of appearance, and (hall deliver and certify the faid record or entry to the juftices of afllze, juftices of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at their next fef-fion within the fame county, wh6 (hall forthwith eftreat and certify the fame into his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, to be there entred of record, to the end that the faid court of Exchequer may thereupon award and iflue such prucefs againft the

<696.] Anno fepdmo & ottavo Gulielmi HI. 0,17'.  443

lands and goods of the raid perfoa or perfons mentioned in such Exchequer, eftreat or certificate, as may by the laws and ftatutes of this '°fiffue realm be awarded and iflued againft the lands or goods of a fandsind popiflh recufant convfct  goods.

IL And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, perfon8 (jcny. That if any jperfon-or perfons (hall, from and after the (aid in* his Ma-firft day of May, maTtctoufly, by writing, printing, preaching, jetty'* right, teaching, or advifed fpeaking, utter, publifh or declare, That his prefent Majesty is not the lawfal and rightful King of thefts on%onri&ion* realms, or that the late King James, or the pretended prince of to incur the Wales, hath any right or title to the crown of thefe realms, or penalty ofpre-that any other perion or perfons hath or have any right or title ™u2,rc madc to the fame, otherwife than according to an ad of parliament , w.’&M. 5’ made in the first year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and fcff. *. c. t. the late Queen, intituled. An aft declaring the rights and liberties of the jubjeft, and fettling the fuccejfton of the crown, such perion or perfons, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall incur the danger and penalty ekpremunirt, mentioned in the ftatute of frtmunxre, made in tnc fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.  *

III.  And whereas for the better prefervation of his Majesty*s royal perfon and government agamft the aforefaid wicked and trait erous de-figns, upon a fidl difeovery thereof, great numbers of his Majesty9s goodfubjefts have entred into and fubferibedan ajjociation in the words following, viz.

WHEREAS there has been a horrid and ieteftable conspiracy, Form of the formed and carried on by papifts, and ether wicked and traite- affociation. rous perfons for affajftnating his Majesty s royal perfon, in order to encourage an invajton from France, to fubvert our religion, laws and liberty: we xohofe names are hereunto jubferibed, do heartily, fincertfy Byn & u Wm and folemnly profefs, teftify and declare. That his prefent Majesty 3*/- «7* used x King William is rightfuland lawful King of theft realms. And we f*!}o do mutually promife and engage to ftand by and efftft each other to the wboftbu utmoft of our power, in the jupport and defence of his Majesty*s moft a& as relates. facred perfon and government, agamft the late King James, and allt0. th\* his adherents. And in cafe his Majesty come to any violent or untimely tio* u rtP€aled* death (which God forbid) we do hereby further freely andunanimoufly oblige ourfehes to unite, ajfociate and ftand by each other, in revenging the fame upon his enemies and their adherents, and in fupport-ing and defending the fucceffton of the crown, according to an aft made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, in- ■ W.&M.G a* tituled. An ad declaring the rights and liberties of the fuDjed, Ct%t and fettling the fucceflion of the crown.

IV.  Be it therefore declared and enaded by the authority Aflociarion aforefaid. That the faid aflociarion fo entred into and fubferibed,  .

and every part thereof, was, is, and (hall ftand, remain, and be, j?™ good and lawful to all intents, conftrudions, and purposes what- 1 ’ foever, according to the true meaning, iqteqt, and purport of the feme.

V,  ^n4

Corona tffiOn-en of accounts and officers under the King, gee. within 30 miles of London,

Anno feprimo & odavo Gin.iEZ.Mi IIL c. 27. [1696.

V. And be it further eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the commi%mers appointed by an aft of this prefent par* liament, for the taking, examining and dating the publick accounts, and all and every perfon or perfons that (hall bear any office or offices, civil or military, or (hall receive any pay, (alary,

'lisMajefty,

term lub-feribe the af-fociatkm.

fee or wages, by reafon of any patent or grant from bis or (hall have command, or place of truft from or under his Majesty, or from any of his Majesty’s predeceflors, or by his or their authority, or by authority derived from him or them, within the realm of England, dominion of IValiSy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the fevenl iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or (nail be of the houftiold, or in the fervice or imployment of his Majesty, or of his royal high-nefs prince George^ or her royal highnefs the princefs jfhnc of Denmark, who mall inhabit, or refide or be within the cities of Lenden or tVeJlminJlery or within thirty miles diftant from the jjhnW in Eafter fame, on the first day of Eafter term, which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, or at any time during the faid term, all and every the faid perfon and perfons (hall perfonally appear before the end of the faid term, or Trinity term next following, in his Majesty’s high court of Chancery, or in his Majesty’s court of King9s Bench y and there in publick and open court, between the hours of nine of the clock end twelve in the forenoon, fubferibe the aforefaid allbciation; and during the time of fubferibing thereof by the faid perfon and perfons, all pleas and proceedings in the faid refpe&ive courts ihall ceafe; and that all and every of the faid refpe&ive perfons and officers, not having figned the (aid allbciation in the (aid refpe&ive courts, as aforesaid, (hall, on or before the first day of Jbigufty one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, at the quarter feflions for that county, riding, liberty or place, where he or they (hall be, inhabit or refide, on the first day of 7s/), one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, fubferibe the laid aflocia-tion in open court, between the faid hours pf nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon.

VI.  And be it further enajftod by the authority aforefaid. That an4 every perfon and perfons that (hall be admitted, entred, (bribe tb# kid placed or taken into any office or offices, civil or military, or (hall rfcceiye any pay, (alary, fee or wages, by-reafon of any patent or grant of bis Majesty, or (hall have command or place of truft from or under his Mjuefty, or by his authority, or by authority derived from him, within this realm of Englandy dominion of mitfy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the fevcral iflands of Jerfey anq Guemfcyt or that (hall be admitted into any fervice or imployment in his Majesty’s houfhold or family, after the first day ot Eafier term aforesaid, all and every such perfon or perfons (hall fubferibe the (hid aflociation at the fame time that he or they (hail make and fubferibe the declaration mentioned in a ftatute made in the five and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, intituled. An a# fer preventing dangers from popijh recufants,

or before t Aug* at the quarter -fef. toons.

Perfons ad. mitted into office, to fob-

aflociation, and the declaration in *5Car.2.c.s,

VII. And

i6g6J] Anno fcptimo & odfaVo GOli^lmiIII. c. if. 445

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefoid, P«^n*

That all and every the perfon or perfon* aforesaid, that do or }5®inS or *** lhall negledt or refufe to fubfciibe the faid aflbeiation in the faid f^ribe the af-courts and places, and at the refpc&ive times aforesaid, (hall be, fociation, to ipfo fafto^ adjudged incapable and difabled in law, to all intents be uncapable and purposes whatfoever, to have, occupy or enjoy, the faid °fthcil officc* office or offices, imployment or imployments, or any part of

them, or any matter or thing aforesaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them,/ or any of them and every such office and place, imployment and imployments, lhall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That all and every such

perfon or perfons that (hall negledt or refufe to fubfciibe the j*rfonvcx*-faid aflbeiation within the times and in the places aforesaid, and curing vtinc*

. in the manner aforesaid, and yet after such negledt or refafal »ft« n*g\ctl (hall, by him or themfeives, his or their deputy or truftee, exe- w  .

cute any of the faid offices or imployments alter the laid times expired, wherein he or they ought to have fubferibed the (ame, and being thereof lawfully convidted, he or they fo executing any of the faid offices or imployments, (hall incur, and be (iib-jedt to such forfeitures and penalties, as if he or they had neglected or reftifed to make and fubfciibe the faid declaration in the faid laft recited adt mentioned, the lame to be recovered in such manner as in and by the faid adt is appointed.

IX.  And further, it (hall and may be lawful, to and for the A lJkc -ftcr refpedtive courts aforesaid, to tender the faid aflbeiation to the to be kef* of

• perfon and perfons aforesaid, in manner as aforefaid^ and upon fubferiptioni due tender of any such perfon or perfons to fubforibe the faid J#l4.ir^cd ^ aflbeiation, the faid courts are hereby requited and enjoined to admit thereof ; of which fubfeription there (hall be the like re*

fitter kept, as by the faid laft mentioned ftatute is diredted to be * ept, of the fubicribing the declaration therein mentioned.

X.  Provided always, That any perfon who by negledt or re- Pcrfom forr fufal, according to this adt, (hall lofe or forfeit any office, may feitmg: by* be capable of a new grant of the (aid office, .or of any other, jjjjglw* may and to have and hold the fame again, such perfon fubferibing the ^nton^bb^ faid aflbeiation, in such manner as aforesaid, fo as such office be jaibing tbo not granted to, and adtually enjoyed by feme other perfon at the affectation, time of the regranting thereof.

XI.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority None to be aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be profecuted by virtue of this profited adt, for any words fpoken, unlefs the information of such words ilXrma^ be given upon* oath, to one or more juftice or juftices of the tjon be in peace, within three days after such words fpoken, and the pro- 3 days after fecution of such offence be within three months after such in- a.IK* pmfteu* formation; and that no perfon (hall be convidted by virtue of months^nS* this adt, but upon the oaths of two credible witneties for any Convi6Hon such words fpoken, any thing in this adt to the contrary in any bur on oath wife notwithstanding.  of * witneflet.

XII.  Provided always* afid be it enadted by the authority Quakers may aforefaid. That such of the diflenters from the church of Eng- iweribe the

9  lend,  declaration of

446 Anno feptimo & oftavo GtfLiKtMi III. C; ij. [ 1696.

fidelity of 'iandy called Quakers, who feruple the taking any oath, as (hall iW.ftM.1.1. make and fubfcribe the declaration of fidelity, mentioned in an *1  aft  made  in  the  firft  year  of  the reign of hi$ prefent Majesty and

the late Queen Mary, intituled. An a£i far exempting their Ma~ jetties pmejlant fubjefts dijfenting firm the church ^England,/™* the penalties of certain laws, and (hall produce such witnefles and certificates as are by the faid aft required, proving themfelvcs to be of the faid people called Suaiers, and (hall alfo own King William to be rightful and lawful King of thefe realms, (hall and are hereby, exempted from the penalties and forfeitures provided by this aft for luch as (hall route to take the oaths to his Majesty.

XIU. And be it further enafted. That aU and every perfoa

Servants to

the prince and princefs to jubfqribe the affociation.

nceft to and perfons, who (hall be admitted, or placed, or entred into any fervice or imployment in his royal highnefs prince George, or her royal highnefs the princefs Anne of Denmark?* family or houfhold, after the faid laft day of Eafier term next, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, (hall in the next term after such their admiffion, placing or entriog into such fervice or imployment, fubfcribc the faid afibciation in his Majesty’s high court of chancery, or in the court of King's Bench, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, in such manner as aforesaid, or at the next general quarter-fef-fions of peace to be held for such county, riding or liberty where such perfon or perfons (hall inhabit at the time of such their admiflion or placing in such fervice or imployment; and in default of such iubfcriptioti, (hall be liable to the like penalties and incapacities as are before infiifted on such as (hall execute offices without ftrbfcribing the faid afibciation.

XIV.  Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall fleet or in the be conftrucd to extend to any perfon in his Majesty’s fervice on fervice beyond board the fleet, or beyond the feas, or that (hall go beyond the fea, may fub- feas in his Majesty’s (ervice, before the five and twentieth day r i~ * of May, one thousand fix hundred4 ninety fix, lb as such perfon

fubfcribe the faid afibciation, according to the appointment of this aft, within three months after his return into England.

XV.  Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority his privy feal, aforesaid, That all or any the pains, penalties or difabilities, to may pardon incurred by any perfon or perfons, as popilh recufants con-not taking°the by virtue of this aft, for not taking the oaths aforesaid,

may be pardoned, remitted or difcharged by the King's majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, under the privy feal; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.  *And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the determination of this prefent parliament, every perfon that (hall hereafter be chofen a member of the houfe of commons, when he takes the oath, aod fubfcribes the declaration, according to an aft made in the first year of King William and Queen Mary, (hall alfo, it the fame time, fubfcribe the afibciation in this aft prefcribed; and that every perfon refilling fp to do, dull be adjudged, and is hereby de-

•  *  dared

Perfons on board the

fcribe in 3 months after return.

King, under

oaths.

After this parliament members to fubfcribe the afibciation. Or be dibbled;

and a writ to iffiie for election of a new member.

1696.I Anfio feptirlfo 8eodtafvuGuLiELMi III. c. 17.  447

dared to be uncdpable and dibbled ia law, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, to lit in the fald houfe of commons, or ■give any voice therein during that parliament: and that in iuch cafe a new writ or writs (hall iflor out of the high court of chancery, -by warrant hr warrants from the fpeaker of the hoofe of commons for the time being, by order of tbe fgid hoofe, for the election' of a new member or members to ferve in the hdufe of commons, an the place car places of such member or members fo dibbled, to all intents and purposes as if such member or members were naturally dead.

XVII,  And for preventing of traiterous correfpondence and p»r$>nt com-, commerce with the Frtncb lung or his fabjeds, be it enadted jng or return* by tbe authority aforefaid. That if during the prefent war be-ft-01* . tween his Majesty and the French King, any perfon-or perfons,

being his Majesty’s fubjeds, fhati, from and after the flrft day out licence, u of  May, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred be guilty of;

ninety fix, voluntarily come or return from , or any ofh'i“ the French King’s dominions in Europe into  ,or any Of •• ■ [

his Majesty’s dominions in Europe, without his Majesty’s leave, tinder his fign manual, for that purpose first had and obtained, and be thereof convi&ed by doe courfe of law, every perfon lb offending (hall be taken, deemed and adjudged to be guilty of .high treafon, and (hall fuffer such penalties as in cafe of high treafon, and (hail and may be indiited and tried for the fame, in such county of this realm as his Majesty by his commiifion under the great feal (hall appoint.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Perrons re-,, That all and every of his Majesty’s fubjelts, who at any time turning Qncn fince the nine and twehtieth day of Sep, in the year one ^thout thousand fix hundred ninety five, have or hath returned out of furroiv

France, or any of the 'french King’s dominions, into any of his dring th’em-Majefty’s dominions in Europe, without licence first had and felves, and obtained from hi* Majesty, according to the ad made in the third and fourth years of their faid Majefties reign, intituled, Kcenfed to'

An ail againft corrofponding with their Majefties  , (hall, on continue here,

or before the laft day of May, one thoufend fix hundred ninetyto depart in -fix, furrender him, her or themfelves to one of his Majesty’s *”***• ■principal fecretaries of (late for the time being, or to the chief ring thJwar juftice of the court'of King’s Bench, or to the chief juftice of without lithe court of common pleas, and take the oaths mentioned in an <*>><*» to in-ait made in the first year of the reign of his prefent Majesty and cur * **** the late Queen Mary, intituled, An ail for the abrogating of the  feC,

oaths of  fupremacyand allegiance, and appointing other oaths, and 1. c!s. • >

give tecurity for their good behaviour for one year thence toi&*W.&M. come, or mall enter into and give such fpcurity as the faidCa * J* fecretaries and chief juftices refpeitivcly (hall think fit to re- , quire. That he, (he or they, uniefs licenfed to continue here by his Majesty under his fign manual, (hall, within twenty days, depart this kingdom, and not return into the fame, or any of his Majesty’s dominions in Europe, during the continuance of the war with the French King, without such licence, as afore-2  faid;

4*8 Anno feptimo & o£bm> GULffiLMf IIL c.27. [1696.

faid; and in cafe of any of his Majesty’s faid fubjedks (hall rieg-led! or refufe to furrender him, her or themfelves, and to take the laid oaths, and to give such fecurity for their good behaviour* or (hall not depart this kingdom accordingly, or (hall return into this kingdom or any lus Majesty9* dominions aforesaid, during the continuance of the war afordaid, without such licence as aforesaid, every perfon fo negleding, refilling or returning, (hall incur the laid danger and penalty of Premunire. Perfon* refu-  XI A. And be it further eoadtea by the authority aforesaid,That

fing to take no perfon who (hall refufe to take the oaths diredied by an ad iW?& M. l 1. ma^c }ti t^e first year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and the •c.iS.  late Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for abrogating of the oaths ;/

Or, if quaker*, fupremacy and allegiance and appointing other oath's, or being jQuakers, (hall refufe to fubferibe the declaration of fidelity, directed by rilmt^ddky one ot^er a& parliament made in the faid first year of the to have no^* reign of his prefent Majesty and the late Queen, intituled. An wKein-fclec- aft for exempting their Majejlies proteftant fubiefts, dijfenting from rion of mem- the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws (which bertor P*rua- oaths anj fybfcription refpedrively the (heriff or chief officer taking the poll at any eledhon of members to ferve in parliament, at the requeft of any one of the candidates, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall be admitted to give any vote for the eledtion of any knight of the (hire, citizen, burgefs,, or baron of the cinque ports, to ferve in parliament. Perfon* com- XX. And be it further. enadted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful tp detain in cuftody, without to^e detuned ba^ ot niatnprize, any perfon who is or (hall, before the lait till 1 Decern, day of Trinity term, one thouiand fix hundred ninety fix, be 169$, unlcfi committed upon information upon oath againft him for high by <*:. treafon, until the first day of December, one thousand fix hun- ! ot council, ninety fix, unlefs such perfon (hould be fooner bailed by I order of council, figned by fix of bis Maiefty’s privy council; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. iW,5cM.f.». XXI. And for the better fecuring of the fucceffion of the c.».  crown in such manner, as in and by an adt made in the firft

Commission* year of the reign of King WilHam and Queen Mary, intituled, r^tbiafer^arini tb* rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling tbe King** *be fucceffion of the crown, is provided, limited and appointed : death, unief* be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no com- j feperfeded by mifiion, either civil or military, (hall ceafe, determine or be Bnfaulh*' vo^» ^y reafon of the death or demife of his prefent Majesty, lAmuy/at.u or °f anY °f b«irs or focceflors. Kings or Queens of this r.S.  *  realm, but that every such commiffion (hall be, continue and

remain in full force and virtue, for tbe fpace of fix months next after any such death or demife, unlefs in the mean time fuper-feded, determined or made void by the next and immediate luc-ceflor, to whom the imperial crown of this realm* according to the adt of fettlement herein before mentioned, is limited and appointed to go, remain or defeend*

CAP.

r9 J Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III! c. 28.  449

CAP. xxvht.

h a£1 for the more effectual preventing the expectation of wool!, and for the encouraging the importation thereof from Ireland.

JCZHEREAS feveral laws have been made to prevent the ex- This aft if V V port at ion of wool, yet neverthelefs the faid exportation is fill enforced by 9 Jitinuedj whereby daily mifehiefs and evils do happen, and a ccrref- * lo s* mdence with France is maintained, to the great prejudice of tin**' ',-wernment, and difeouragement <f the manufacture of this kingdom. ill. And whereas in the firjl year of the reign of King William nd Queen Mary, tftere pajJed an aft, intituled, An ad for the 1 W.&M. (T setter preventing the exportation of wool, and encouraging the »• c. 31. voollen manufactures or this kingdom; which aft was continued y an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of King William and Vueen Mary, intituled. An ad for reviving, continuing and explaining feveral laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and 4 & 5 w. & tear expiring, and will now foon expire: and whereas for prevent- M. c. 24. hg the faid mifehiefs, it is neceffary the faid aft should be continued:

III.  Be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament- .  .

aflembled, ana by the authority of the fame. That the faid ad, ConUt and every claufe,. matter aiid thing therein contained (except what is hereafter otherwife altered, explained or repealed) (hall continue and remain in full force, as if the fame were herein  -  '

and hereby particularly recited and mentioned.

IV. And whereas the Jlatute of the thirteenth and\fourteenth ^Partoftj&i* King Charles the Second, made againjl the exportation of wool, among

other things in the faid aft mentioned, doth enaft the fame to be deem- ^pJrutionof* ed felony; by the feverity bf which penalty the profecution of offenders wool felony, hath not been fo effefinally put in execution 3 be it therefore enad- repealed, ed by the authority aforesaid, < That fo much of the faid ad, . which relates to the making tiie (aid offence felony, be repealed and made void.

V.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Ports where That for the better encouragement of the importation of wool wool may be from Ireland, that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or per- ^Alani fons whatfoever, from the place or places in the laid ad limited,Tfom

to import into England from Ireland any quantity or quantities of wool, to any the ports hereafter mentioned (that is to fay)

IVhitcbaven in the county of Cumberland, Liverpool, Chejler,

Brijlcl, Bridgewater, Minehead, Barnjlaple and Biddiford, and to no other; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. An account to That the commiflioners or farmers ot the cuftoms in the king- be tranfmiittd dam of Ireland for the time being, (hall from time to time, and

at all times Vox.. IX.

hereafter,

once every fix

Gj

months, transmit or qhcc j^

caufe months of all

45& Anno (eptimo & o&aro GouEtMl III. cn%. [1656.

Certificate* to

caufe to be transmitted unto the commiffioners of his Majesty'i cuftoms in England, a true account of all such wool as (hall bt from time to time exported from any of the places within tk laid kingdom of Inland, from whence tht fame may be export, cd, the quantity and weight thereof, and by whom, and k\ what (hips exported, and where consigned, and the names a| the perfons fignine the certificates of the landing the fame s England, and the date of the faid certificates, and where th fame was landed, as alfo the quantity and weight contained irj the faid certificates, in order that the fame may be compared with the account by the faid a£t appointed to be kept by tk commiffioners of the cuftoms of this kingdom.

VII.  And for preventing the mifchiefs of rafing, obliterate mnerandnot ** interlining such certificates as afbrefaid, be h further enadd, interred. That all certificates given for the landing of wooll from Irekt:

or from one port to another in England, (hall be written upca paper, and not parchment, and that the quantities therein ex-prefled (hall not be obliterated or interlined upon any pretax: whatfoever.

VIII.  And whereas the feveral inhabitants of the feveral cewiic and Jbires of this realm next adjoining to the kingdom of Scotland, and to the tea coafis* do reap great profit and advantage by the earn* tng out of wool, wool fells* mortlings, Jbortings9 yam made of owJ, 'wool-flocks9 fulUrs earthy and fcouring~clay* into the faid kin*d:~ of Scotland, and exporting of them into France, and other pm» beyond the feas9 to the great prejudice and decay of the woollen mam-failure of this realm; be it further enadlea by the authority.!.

Wooll not to forefaid, That from and after the first day or Afoy* in the yea of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, no wooll, or any other of the commodities aforesaid, (hall be laid or loaden cr. any horfe, or other carriage whatfoever, or (hall be carried or con-veyed by land, to or from any place or places within the hid

be carried by lend to or from any county ad-~'suing to

mU counties next adjoining to the faid kingdom of Scotland* or wirfc-IStoefeai ** m ®vc  the  fea  <

w. ______  coaft,  as  aforesaid,  but between fun-

co*££but;&c. rifing and fun-fetting, under the penalty and forfeiture of the faid commodities, and of the faid horfes, and other cattle and carriages employed in carrying the fame; and that no Chip or veffd (hall export or carry the fame into any part beyond th: feas. Under the penalty and forfeiture of the laid commodities, (hip and veflel, and treble the value thereof, with treble cods of fuit; and the inhabitants of the refpedtive hundred, port,

Penalties.

Treble cofts.

Special provi-as tot be hundred of WincbeUea by 9 & 10 W. 3. 1 46. f. si.

or place exempt, next adjoining to the (aid kingdom of Scotland* or to the fea coafts out oror through which any wooll, or any other of the commodities aforesaid, (hall be ib carried or exported, (hall forfeit twenty pounds, if the faid wooll fo carried out or exported (hall be under the value of ten pounds, but if it (hall be of greater value, then treble the value thereof fo exported, or carried out of the faid kingdom, as alfo treble cofts of fuit: all which faid penalties, forfeitures, and cofts of fuit, are to be recovered and received by him or them that fhali fue for the (June, and to be profecuted by any action of debt,

foil,

45*

1696.] Anno leptiroo & octavo GulielMi III. c. 28.

fuit, bill, plaint, or information, xgainft the inhabitants such hundred, port, or place exempt,, out of or throng!) which the faid wooll or other commodities (had be exported, in any

of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wtjlmm, where no efioin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

IX.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Execution

That the execution for the informer (hall and may be had a- m»3f he had gainft two or more of the faid inhabitants ; and that after exe-  .

cution had by force of this aft,' it (hall and may be lawful tantt.

(upon complaint made by the party or parties fo' charged) to

and for the juftices of the peace of the fame, county or place where any foch execution dull be had, at their general quarter Juft,ces feiEons to be held for the faid county or place, to aflefs and tax, fef, proporti-. rateably and proportionably, according to their difererions, all onably u in and every the towns,, pari(hes, villages, and hamlets, in the cate of rob* faid hundred, port, or place exempt, in the fame manner and beryoonunifc*

* form as any hundred ought to be charged in cafe of robbery 1 committed, for the perfons againil whom execution (hall be had for the perfon fo robbed, purfoant to an a£t made in the seven and twentieth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. aftfor the tJ Hi*. c. t«. following of the but and cry; and that the juftices of the peace and levy the1' of the faid county or place, where foch fact (hall be committed, fame on the (hall and are hereby impowered and required, at their general inhabitant*, quarter feffions to be held for the faid county or place, to levy the penalties hereby charged, upon the (aid inhabitants, by an equal afteffirient upon the laid inhabitants, and reimburfe such perfon or perfons inhabitants within the (aid hundred, potr, or place exempt, accent to the kingdom of  or  the fea

coaft, from whence the faid wooll, or other the (aid commodities, (hall be transported, in the fame manner, as if there had been a judgment at law againft the faid hundred, port, or place exempt.

X.  And be it further ensded by the authority aforesaid, That penalty for aU perfons who (hall be aiding, abetting, or a (lifting, in carry- aififting in tbs ing, or exporting any of the rad commodities out of this realm, exportation as aforefaid (being legally, convided thereof) (hall differ three of w®°** years imprifonment, without bail or mainprise, and the owner

of the (aid wooU, or of any other of the commodities aforesaid, and aU and every perfon or,perfons who (hall be aiding, abetting, or affifting, in carrrying or exporting of them or any of them out of this kingdom, mall ante*er and fatisfy treble the value of all such forfeitures and penalties, which such inhabitants (hall be fo charged with and liable to, as alfo treble coils of fui* j which (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, fuit, bill, A^<ionj plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record in the name of at Wtjlminfler, wherein no eftoin, protection, - or wager of law, the clerk of fhall be allowed, nor any more than-one imparlance, by and in tbs peace of the name of the clerk of the peace for the rime being, of or for d>,county* every such county or place, without naming the chnftian name or furname of the (aid clerk of the peace j which treble value

G g 2  and.

very, not to timer the pe-

43* Anno feptutio Srodavo Gdlielmi 111. c.28. (169$.

and treble colts of fuit (hall be to the only ufe and behoof of the faid inhabitants; and that notwithftanding the death or removal of any such clerk of. the pace, after such adion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, fued, commenced, or preferred, the lame lhall be profecuted and purfued to judgment and execution, in such manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as tint clerk of the peace might have done, whidi first commenced or preferred the faid addon of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, and tried by XI. And for the better and more impartial trials of all such a jury of ano- actions and informations which (hall be commenced or profe-ther county. cutcd by virtue of this ad, be it enaded by the authority afore-laid, That such adions and informations (hall be tried, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, by a jury of good and lawful freeholders to be fummoned out of any other county than Firft j perfoni that wherein the fad (hall be committed: and to encourage making difco- perfons to difeover the faid crime, the ftrft three perfons whs have been aiding, abetting, or affifting, in carrying out or exportation of wooll, or any father of the commodities, as afore-laid, that (hall inform thereof any juftice of the peace in either of the laid feveral counties aforesaid, whereby the puniftunem and penalties appointed by this ad may be inflided and recovered, the party or parties fo difeovering (not being owner or part owners of the laid wooll, or other commodities aforeftid) lhall not fuller any of the Dud penalties or punilhtnenr.

AfHont a; XII. Provided always, and be it. enaded by the authority a-1 gainft juftice fbrefaid, that if any adion or fuit lhall be brought and ptofecu-levied in the ^ by any perlbn or perfons again!! any juftice of peace, or county where other perlbn employed by them or anv of them in the executi-the fad was on of this ad, for any matter, caule, or thing, by them or done.  either of them done, committed, or executed, by virtue or

realon of this ad, or any claufe or article therein contained, that then, and in every such cafe, the adion lhall be laid in the proper county where the fad Was done and committed, and not elfewhere j and the defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, and give the fpccial matter in evidence at die trial, that the lame was done in purfuance, and by authority of dm Defendant a&: and if upon examination it lhall fo happen to be done, the Sffi **"jury. (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and in such cafe, and have ’  . or if the plaintiff lhall be nonfiiit, or difcontinue his adion,

treble cofts. . after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, the defendant or defendants lhall have and recover their treble coik /• which be or they lhall fuftain or be put unto by realon of his or their wrongful vexation in defence of the fiud adion or fuit; limitation of and that every adion, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, by aftions. virtue of this ad, lhall be commenced and profecuted within one year after the fad committed.

Penalty on XIII. Provided always. That if any perfon, who is intitled perfons com- to the penalties and forfeitures by this ad given, lhall compound ISnlrtt for with any hundred, port, or place exempt, hereby liable to pay the lame, for any leffer fum than what hereby given, that it

dull

453

x 6$6>] Anno feptimo & oftavo GuLiEtMi III. c. 29;

ftiall at any time hereafter be lawful for any other perfon to fue for and recover the fame in manner and form as aforesaid, as if no filch compofition had been made; and the perfon fo compounding (hall for such his offence fuffer five years imprifon-xnent without bail or mainprize : and this aft to continue in Aft to confix force for three years, and from thence to the end of the next nuefor3 years feflkmof parliament.

XIV. And for the better preventing the exportation of wooll, Comwiffion-and correfpondence with France; be it further enafted by the CI? thc ad' authority aforefaid. That the lord high admiral of England, or Xpsand commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for armed (loops the time being, (hall from time to time direft and appoint one to cruife. Ihip of the fifth rate, and two (hips of the lixth rate, and four armed (loops, condantly to cruize from off die North foreland to the ifle of Wight, with orders for taking and feizing all (hips, veflels, or boats, which (hall export any wooll, or carry or bring any prohibited goods or any fufpefted perfons. Continued by 9 W. 3. c. 40.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for the better amending and repairing the highways* and explanation of the laws relating thereunto.

WHEREAS many evil difpofed perfons ajfuming to themfelves the names and titles of the King's general or deputy furveyors iof the highways, and other perfonsy without any legal authority for the famey have of late years* by threats9 falfe informations, and other illegal ways, extorted and gotten great fums of money from fevered owners of waggons and carriages of this kingdom, under colour and by force of the wording of a certain claufe in a certain aft of parliament (intituleiy An additional aft for the better repairing of uCar.s.c. zs. highways and bridges) made in the two and twentieth year of our late fovereign lord King Charles the Second, containing thefe wordfy That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, therein meutionedy no travelling waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, wherein any burthens, goods, or wares are or (hall be carried (other than luch carts and carriages as are employed in and about husbandry, and manuring of lands, and in the carrying of hay, draw, corn unthreflied, coal, chalk, timber for (hipping, materials for building, (tones of all forts, or such ammunition or artillery which (hall be for his Majedy’s fervice) (hall at any time travel, or be drawn, or go in any common or publics: highway or road, with above five horfe beads at length ; and if any (hall draw with a greater number of horfes or oxen, they fhall all draw in pairs, that is to fay, two a-bread, for such a number as they (hall ufe, except one horfe, contrary to the equity, true intent and meaning of the Jaid claufe: for prevention of such extortion and oppremon from time to come, and the better explanation of the faid claufe;

II.  Be it therefore enafted by the King's mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu*!

G g 3  and

454 Aniw fcpdmo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.tg. £1696*

and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament Penalty on  aflembled, and by the authority thereof. That for the better

owners of  repairing and amending of the {aid highways, and the better

to application of the forfeitures in and about the fame, every ovn-be paid to the tr of any waggon, cart, carriage, horfe bead, or oxen, offend-furreyorof ing contrary to this prefent ad, (hall forfeit the fum of forty the highways, (hillings, and no more, for every refpedive offence, to thi furveyor or furveyors of the highways of the parifh, town, village, or hamlet, where any the faid offences (hall be committed, to be paid to the furveyor or furveyors, and to no other perfon or perfons whatfoever 5 which faid forfeiture and forfeitures (hall be levied in such manner as the penalties in the faid recited ad, impofed on every conftable or furveyor of the highways, for refufing or negleding to put in execution the fern ads of parliament for or touching the repairing, amending, or tmlaiging of fach highways, are direded and appointed, and no who is to re- other Wile; and the find pari(h furveyor and furveyors for the ceivethe fame, time being, are hereby authorized and required to take and rc-theiu&ceTofT cc*ve  forfeiture  and forfeitures, and to pay in and ac-

cath once in 4 count for the fame refpedively upon oath to the juftices of the months. peace ut their fpecial Feflions holden once in four months, pur-n & 4 W. & *uant to an ad of parliament in the fecond and third years of M. q. it. our faid foverdgn loid King IVilliam, and the la^e Queen of P f itu to 8racWis memory, which faid forfeiture and forfeitures are to be beem3wed°employed in an4about the repairs of the highways, in the refin repairing pedive parifh or parifhes, town, village, or hamlet, where tiie highways, such forfeitures are or were committed, according to the direction and appointment of the lad mentioned ftatute, and no otherwife; any thine in the faid ad of the two and twentieth of King Charles the Second, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

*xCar,*,c, is. IH. And whereas by a fiatute made in the two and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An additional a<d, for the oetter repairing of highways and bridges, it is ena&ed, That *5 waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, (except as therein excepted) fi>:2 at any time travel or be drawn, or go in any common or pubBck highway or read, with above five horfe beajls at length, and if any Jh:2 draw with a greater number of horfes, or oxen, they /hall all draw is pairs : and whereas, to avoid the intention of the Jdld a£l, the wagoners have fixed an iron or Jhaft on the fide of the waggon, vohcrtb) none of the horfes go in a line with the wheels, and those which drex on the fide make the rut deeper, and thereby the more impair the higk-Traveliing  ways: For remedy whereof be it enaded by the authority afore-

waggons not  (hid, That from and after the first day of Augufi, which (hall be

*o ha*c abovc in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred ninety and 8 Oxen'and no travelling waggon, wain, cart or carriage, wherein any one horfe.  burthens, goods, or wares are or (hall be carried or drawn for

Waggons,  hire (other than such waggon, cart or carriages, as are employ- I

eeTd^  ^ ,n or a^°ut hufbandry or manuring of lands, and in the

c *  carrying of hay, ftraw, com unthreftied, coal, chalk, timber,

materials for building, ftones of <ril forts, or such ammunition

of ,

6g6.) Anno fepdmo & o&avo Gulielmi in. i. 29.  455}

•r artillery as (hall be be for his Majesty’s fervice) (hall at any'

►ne time travel or be drawn, or go in any common or public*

lighway, with above eight horns, and not with above eight

►xen and one horfe, or fix oxen and two horfes, or two oxen

nd fix horfes, or four oxen and four horfes* which faid horfes, Horfes oroxea

>r horfes and oxen, (hall draw in pairs with a pole between the to draw in

vheel horfes, or in double (hafts, and the other horfes to draw pairs.

a a line with the wheel horfes or oxen, in the fame manner as

hey ufually draw in coaches, upon pain that every owner of

uch waggon, wain, cart, carriage, horfe or oxen, (hall forfeit

or every such offence the fum of forty (hillings, two third parts

vhereot (hall be to the ufe of the highways, and the other third

»art to the informer, to be levied by diftrefs of any one of the Penalty to bo

aid horfes or oxen, by the conftable, tythingman, headbo- bydi- '

ough, furveyor of the highways, or overfeer of the poor

he parifh or place where the faid offence is or (hall be commit- rf c. 19.

ed, or any of them $ and in cafe the penalty be not paid with- 9 An**, c. ig.

n three days after such diftrefs, that.then it (hall and may be 1 Geo.ifi*t.*.

awful for the perfon fo diftraining to fell the fame, reftoring 5 ***'

he overplus to the ownej thereof, the charges of diftraining, ^ Gto.i.

elling and keeping being first deducted; any thing in this or c. 41.15Geo. *.

my other law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.  *6  G*o.  a,

IV.  Frovided always* ana be it enacted by the authority a- 5vjw';nnftHp breiaid. That if any innfhip, liberty, precinft, or vill, that not hav-ifes to repair their own highways, (hall have levied the rate of ing fufficient ix pence in the pound, and employed the fame towards the re- to repair their >air of the highways, and yet the faid highways are not fuffi-

:iently repaired, that then and in such cafes it (hall and may be tribute, lawful for the juftices of the peace, at their fpecial fcffions to 3e held every four months for the confideration of the highways, to order the whole pari(h to contribute to the repairing [hereof.

V.  And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefeid. That f0^p5ram,|i my perfon that (hall have in his or her occupation, wood-land, fo™ or other land, to the value of fifty pounds per annum, (hall be plough land, adjudged and deemed to (lave a plough-land, as to all or any of

the purposes within any of the ftatutes heretofore made of or concerning the highways$ any thing in them, or any ufage or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.  And whereas it nath been found neceffary to fecure borfecauf* ways* or caufways for horfes, and foot-caujways, to travel upon in publick highways, by pofis, blocks, or greatfi ones fixed in the ground, or by banks of earth caft up, or otherwife, from being broken up and fpoiled with waggons, wains,, or carts: ana forafmuch as feveral evil difpofed perfons do frequently pull up, cut down, and remove the faid pofis, blocks and great floats, fo fixed as aforesaid, and alfo dig and cafi doivn the faid banks, which are the Jecurities and defences of the faid caujways, whereby the caufways are often ruined and defiroyed': for remedy whereof1, be it enadted by the authority aforefaicT,

That from and after the feid four and twentieth day of June, ftones every perfon who (ball pull iip, cut down, or remove any poft, fet up’for fe-

G g 4  block,  curing horfe

Anno feptimo ic o6feavo Gulielmi III. c, 30.  (1696.

block, great (lone, bank of earth or other fecurity, which was fet up, placed and made, for fecuring the faid horfe and foot caufways from waggons, wains, and carts, (hall (upon complaint thereof made to any juftice of the peace of the place or divifion, where such offence (hall be proved to be done by the oath of any one credible witnefs, which oath such juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter, or upon view of the juftice himfelf) forfeit for every of the faid offences the film of twenty (hillings, one moiety thereof to the furveyors of the highways of the parifii, town or divifion where any of the faid offences (hall be committed, to be employed in the repairs of the (aid highways, and the other moiety thereof to him that (hall dif-cover the fame, to be levied in manner a$ aforefaid.

Penalty on VII. And be itfurther ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That ^mu»undiiia in cafe apy general furveyor, or deputy furveyor, or fupervifor of with waggon-his Majesty's own private roads, or other perfon or perfons, (hall era, 6tc.  makeahy competition, or demand, take or receive any (urn or fums

pf money, or other reward whatfoever, of any carrier, waggoner, qr other perfon or perfons, upon the. account of drawing with any number of horfes or oxen, otherwifc than as is appointed | by this aft, or for any other offence in relation to the highways, | that every such perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit for | eveiy such offence the fum of forty pounds; one moiety whereof I (half he applied to the repair of the faid highways, and the other moiety to the ufe of such perfon who (hall foe for the fame, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance any law, ftatutc pr ufage to the contrary notwitfiftanding.

PAP. XXX.

An alt for laying feveral duties upon low wines or faints of the first extraction, and for preventing the frauds and a-bufes of brewers, diftillers, and efber perfons chargeable with the duties of excife.

i%vp. t.c. si. T?OR the fupplying your Majesty’s extraordinary occafions, f. 6.3 &4Ann. X1 an cl the better fuppQrt of your government; be it ena&ed by ?• t*  the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afleirjbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the five and twentieth day ot March, Excife on low m the yejar of oujr Lord one thogfand fix hundred ninety fix. Wines.  until the five and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the

year of our Lord, Qne thogfand seven hundred and one, there Tkefe duties ftwll be paid, by way of excife, unto his ^Majefty, his heirs, ore expired* and fucceflors, for all low wine$ or fpirit? pf the first extraftion,

- drawn by any diftiller or bthgr perfon making or drawing fpirits or ftrong waters for fale or exportation, within this kingdom of '  England,  dominion  of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed,

the rates apd duties following (that is to fay^

456

and foot caufways.

1696.] Anhofep^imo &oftavo Guliel'MI III. c. 30.'  457

II.  For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first «-Low wine*, traction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported ma-

terials, or any mixture with foreign materials, eight pence. materials. Id.

III.  For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first ex- per gallon,

tra&ion, made or drawn from -brewers walh or tilts, twelve From waft, pence.  i*d.pergal-

IV.  For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the first ex- pJom ^r;ny.

tradfcion, made or drawn only from drink brewed and made of brewed, id. any fort of malted com, one penny.  per gallon.

V.  For every gallon of low wines or foirits of the first ex- pron, other

traftion, made or drawn from any other iort or kind of Eisgtifi Englilh ma_ materials, threepence.  tenals,jd.per

VI.  For every barrel of mixed liquon, commonly called or t known by the name of hunts, made from foreign or Englijb o,r kJ—1 * materials, twelve (hillings.

VII.  And be it ena&ed by the authority afordaid. That all L°w wine*, diftillera and others, who mall draw or make any low wines,

fpirits or brandy, from com, (hall brew, or caufe their com to drink not be brewed, ana from such drink fo made and prepared (without mixed with any mixture with any moloflcs, wafh or tilts, or other materials mdofles, tee. whatfoever) (hall draw their low wines or fpirits of the first extraction : and that it (hall and may be lawful for the gauger and Gauger to gaugers of excife, from time to time, to gauge and keep an ac- J^jP *^unt count of the liquors, worts and drink, made and drawn bymjUjei,° di-fuch diftillers or others, for the making such low wines, fpirits ftiUeri/&c. or brandies, and to fee that the fame be drawn and made from drink made of malted com intirely, without any mixture as a-forefaid i and in cafe any diftillers or others, (hall therewith Low wine*, mix any other materials, either in the brewing, or after the &c. from mixt lame js made into drink, and before the fame be diftilled into dnnK[J^’ low wines, the faid gaugers (hall charge the low wines, drawn from the drink fo mixed, with the duty of twelve pence for every gallon* which faid duty (hall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty and fucceflors.

Tor the increase and continuance of thefe duties, Scc. fee ia Car. 2. c. 13. 15 Car. a. c. 11. 3. ec.4 W. 5cM. c. 15. &11W. 3. c* si. 1* Sc 13 W. 3. c. 11.

3 & 4 Annc# c. 4. 4. Aansc, c. vs. 5 Annus, c. 19. x Geo. 1. flat. a. c.

*2. U 8. t Geo. s. ftat. s. c. 16.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That no diftijlprs or others. Penalty on didrawing low wines or fpirits from com, prepared as aforesaid, filler P^P31*-fhall prepare any wafh from molofies, or other materials, or re- J^ololfes, aec™ ceivc any wa(h of moloftes, or other materials, from any other until the* li- * perfon. whatfoever, until her has drawn off and diftilled all the auors be liquors made or prepared from corn asaforefaid, on pain of for* off* feiture for every barrel of such liquors made of com as aforeT

faid, found unififtillfd or drawn into low wines, the fum of five pounds.

IX.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, ^nac7majr

That if any gauger, or other officer of excife, fhall wittingly  ,  •

and willingly make a falfc charge, by returning to the commit charge, goners any quantity of low wine;* of frWtf of the ftrft cxtra&i-

^  i  eft*

Diftiflert may export brandies, Sec. drawn from drink,

and not mix-

458 Anno feptimo & o&tvo Guiiilmi HI. c. 3©;  [1696.

on, not made from malted com, as made and drawn from malted corn, such gauger or officer (hall forfeit his office or employment, and alfo Audi forfeit for every gallon of low wines io falfly charged or returned, the fam of ten (hillings.

X.  And for the further encouragement of diftiUers and others to draw and make (pints or brandies from malted com brewed into drink as afbrefaid, and to export the lame as merchandize into parts beyond the feas ; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any «£-(tillers, or others, upon oath made before any two or more of the commiffioaers of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any brandy or ftrong waters is or are intended to be exported, that the nme were or was made and drawn from drink brewed fnmk malted com, without any mixture with any other materials, and that the fame is not

___________   mixed  with  any  low wines not drawn a fecond time, nor with

Spayingthe any ocher fjpirits or brandy made from any other materials, duties. either native or foreign, and that the duties of the feme are duly entred or paid, and that the feme are exported for merchandize, to be fpent beyond the feas, to export such fpirita or bran-Drawback  dies made from com prepared as aforefaid ; and upon a certifi-

allowed of  cate under the hands of the officers of exdfe for the port or

3d. per gallon place where such fpirits or brandies were (hipped off, of the e nborteS,nti Suant*ty fc (hipped, and that the fame was ftupped in the pre-xpo * fence of such officers, that such diftiller or others ft> exporting fr n W. 3. (hall be allowed or paid back, by the commiffioaers, or their ' collector for the port or place where such fpirits or brandv (hall be (hipped off, the Aim of three pence for every fetch gallon of brandy or fpirits fo (hipped off.

XI.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the federal rates and duties hereby impaled on the liquors

vied and paid, aforesaid, (hall be railed, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, during the time before mentioned, in the fame manner and form, and by foch rules, ways, .and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned, exprefled and directed, in and by one aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of the isCar.i.c.sf* l*tc King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft far taking away ^ the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon bis Mdjejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to die revenue of excife.

XII.  And for preventing the making or drawing of low wines or fpirits of a firrt or fecond extra&on, by any compound di-ftiller or rectifying diftiller, or any other common di(idler, whereby to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties by this ad impofed ; be it further enadtea by the authority aforefaid. That if any gauger or officer of excife (hall, from and after the (aid five ana twentieth day of Marcb> find in the djftilling-houfe, or other houfe or warehoufe of any compound diftiller, or rectifying diftiller, or any other common diftiller, any quantity of decayed

wine 3,

it

c. tf.

6 Geo. s. e.

Duties, See. how to be le-

Pecayed wines, cyder. See. found in Sny diftilling, houfe prepared for di tiop,

169 Anno fcptlmo & oftaro Gvliklmi til. c.jai 459

wines, cyder, or other materials fit for or preparing for diftil-lation, whereby he may be induced to believe that such compound or reAifying dHbller, or other common diftiller, doth or may draw or extract low wines or fpirits from such materials, and such gauger or officer (hall find any ftill or (tills of such diftiller’s charged or prepared to work, that it (hall and maybe lawful to and for focn gauger or officer to take off the head of such (tilt or (tills, and to examine what materials are therein, if not at work; and in dale such (till or (tills (hall be at work, that Gauger may then it (hall and may be lawful to and for such gauger or officer take off the to ftay and continue in such diftiller’s diftilling-houie, until such °i.«a7 ftill or ftills lhall be wrought off, and then to examine what Jjwwhrrf * materials were wrought thereinj and in’ cafe any such diftiller and examine (hall refufe to permit such gauger to continue in his diftilling- the material*, houfe, until such (till or (tills (hall be wrought off, and examin-  ^

ed, as aforesaid, in every such cafe such diftiller (hall forfeit for every such offence the fum of twenty pounds.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Stills, &c. to That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of Manky be charged all and every the ftills, worms, (till-heads, and all other vefiels Wltl-V *!•'for and utenfils for diftilling, ufed by any such diftiller, or other exc ’ perfon, for making of low wines or (pints for fide or exports^

tion, into whose hands (bever the fame (hall come, and by what conveyance or title (oever the fame be claimed, (hall be liable and fubjed unto, and are hereby charged with, all and (ingular the debts and duties of excife that now are, or hereafter (hall be in arrear and owing by any such diftiller, or other perfon or perfons, for any ftrong waters, fpirits, or low wines, fo made, or drawn, as aforefaid; and that it (hall be lawful in all cafes to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings againft the ftills, worms, vefiels, and utenfils, therein contained, as it may be lawful to do in cafe the debtor or offender, ufing the faid utenfils, had been truly and really owner and proprietor of the fame.

XIV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Gauger* to That the gauger and gaugers of excife (hall, from time to time, gauge the gauge and take account otall-wafh and other materials prepared wafti, &c.

or preparing for the making of low wines, and alfo of all low [^"houfe&cl wines, fpirits, or ftrong waters, found in the houfes, cellars, lo & n w. or ware-houfes, or in any wafh, back, cafk, or other veflel or c.+. *>• vefiels ufed by any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits j 4 Ann. c. is. and in cafe he (hall mifs any quantity or quantities of liquor or Gauger mif> drink brewed or made from com, or any wafh or other mate- ting liquor rials prepared for making of low wines, which he found or foundat gauged the laft time such gauger was at such diftiller’s, not ex- a“gauge, «c. ceeaing twenty four hours before, and (hall not, on demand, receive fatisfaaion what b become of such drink or wafh or other such like materials, that in every such cafe it (hall be lawful for such gauger to charge such diftiller with fo much low may charge wines, as such liquor, drink, wa(h, or other materials fo milling, ‘he diftiller in bis judgment would rcafonaWy havq q»de, „  ^

♦»v, Ana

4&o • Anno frptimo & odavo Golielmi HI. C.30. [1696.

No diftiller, XV. And to the intent that the duties payable to his &c. todiftilor for a]} low wines, fpirits, 0704 vita, and ftrong waters, may *ny*Um°w\tK$, ** better afcertained, collected, and levied; be it enadcd fyrik, &c.  ’ by the authority aforefiid, That from and after the faid five and

without no-  twentieth day of March,  no diftiller or maker of low wuur,

to tfftbe fpirits, aqua vita, or ftrong waters, (hall diftii or let their Hills Ac/ CXCl Cf at wor^ for the drawing or making any the liquors above mentioned, or (hall deliver or carry out any low wines, (pints, or qqua vita, to any of their cuftomers, in cade, or by the gallon, without notice thereof first given to the officer of excife for the place or divifion where such diftiller or maker (ball live, to the intent that such officer may be prefent to fee and gauge the fame; unlefs at such times as herein after are mentioned (that is to fay) from the nine and twentieth day of September* to the Ptnaltv on  ^vc and twentieth day of  March yearly, between the hours of

diftiller.  five in the morning, and  eight in the evening, and from the

five and twentieth day of March, to the nine and twentieth day of September yearly, between the hoursof three in the morning, and nine in the evening; upon pain that every diftiller and maker of the liquors aforefiid, doing contrary hereunto, (hall forfeit for every such offence the fum of ten pounds.

Penalty for XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^ any ^aker °f vinegar, cyder, metheglin, mead, or famgaugtr) Amts for file, (hall at any time hereafter hide, conceal, or * convey away any vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, or any evder, metheglin, mead, or fweets from the fight and view of the guager or gaugers appointed to take account of the fime, whereby his Majelty (hall or may bo defrauded of any of the duties due for the fame; that every such maker of such vinegar, cyder, metheglin, mead, or fweets, for every barrel of vinegar, or liquor prepared for vinegar, or fweets, fo hid, concealed, or conveyed away, as aforesaid, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater, or letter quantity; and for every bogfhead of cyder fo hid, concealed, or conveyed away, the fum of forty (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter quantity; and for every gallon of metheglin or mead fo hid, concealed, or carried away, as aforesaid, (hall forfeit the fum of five (hillingsP for refufin XVII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefiid. That gaugcrtouike fr°m henceforth, in cafe any maker or retailer of vinegar, or of account, See. any of the commodities aforefiid, (hall, upon due requeft or demand made by the gauger or officer in the day-time, or if by night, then in tne prefence of a conftable, refute to permit such it Car.». c, gauger or officer to enter and come into his or their houfe, (tore-*3&*8W houfe, or other place belonging to or yfei by such maker or £  *  **  yetailer  pf vinegar, or pf any other the liquors or .commodities

aforefaid, and to take account of any of the liquors or commodities aforefaid; in every such cafe such maker of vinegar, or any other of the liquors or commodities aforesaid, (hall forfeit for every such offence the futn'of fifteen pounds.

XVIII.  b$ it cnafted by jbe authority aforefiid. That

frpo?

1696.] Anno (eptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III. c.30.  461

from henceforth no maker of vinegar or fweets (hall fell, deliver, ?n<* for cany-or carry out, any vinegar or fweets to any of his cuftomers, inS V11!e' either m whole cafk, or by the gallon, without notice thereof jjut notice,* first given to the gauger or officer of excife for the place or di- given to of-vifion where such maker of vinegar or fweets (hall live, to the ncer. intent that such officer may Be prefent to ftfe, gauge, and take an account of the fame, unlefs at such times as are herein after g & 9 w. x* mentioned (that is to fay) from the nine and twentieth day of c. ,g. September, to the five and twentieth day of March yearly, between the hours of five in the morning, and eight in the evening, and from the five and twentieth day of March, to the nine and twentieth day of September yearly, between the hours of three in the morning, arid nine m the evening; upon pain that «very such maker of vinegar or fweets, doing contrary hereunto, fliall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (hillings, for every barrel of vinegar or fweets that (hall be to carried out, contrary to the true meaning of this ad.

XIX.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Claufe in the

That a certain claufe in an ad made in the fecond year of the  * W. & M

reign of his Majesty and the late Queen Mary of bletted memo-  a‘*c 9’i*xu

ry, intituled, An aitfor the encouraging the diftiling of brandy and con inue fpiritsjrom corn, andfor laying feveral duties on low wines, or fpi~ ,i& ij W. 3. rits of the frfi extraction, relating to ftrong waters, brandy, aqua c. if. vita, ana other excifeable liquors brought from the iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Sark, or Alderney, and all the charges, duties,

pnd penalties, and every article and thing therein contained,

(hall continue and be of force and virtue during the continuance of this ad, in as full and ample n^anner, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the faid claufe were herein word for word, repeated and enaded*

XX.  Andforafmuch as it it found by experience, that the payment of his Majesty* s duties on beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, is much avoided and defrauded by the brewers and makers thereof, by their making drink of an extraordinary Jlrengtb, and mixing o/fmall boor or worts with the fame, after an account hath been taken by the gaugers, and by their carrying away, or laying off part of their worts, after the fame bath been gauged, and making them up by part of another wort, before the gauger can take an account of the fame, by making ufe of private pipes, and other conveyances under ground: And by reafin the gaugers and officers are not duly admitted and permitted to enter and come into the houfes, brew-houfes, dj/HUing-boufes, fore-boufes, and other places belonging to or ufed by such brewers, difillers, or makers of the liquors aforesaid, or being (awfully entred, are not quietly permitted to continue in Jhch brew-boufe, where the faid, liquors are brewing and making, to gauge and take an account of the quantity and quality of the fevered worts, as they are brewed off, and to fee their ftrong and fmall drink cltanfed and carried out without mixture, and to prevent the committing any other frauds: be it therefore Brewers, kc. enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all common brewers, brewing’a innkeepers, or viduallere, who after the faid five and twentieth party guile, to day of March, (hall brew or make a party guile, (hall declare

to B

ftrong beer and how much fma!l» &c. In cafe of rcfufal, gauger to return the whole at ftrong beer. *rbu cuutft rt-

L i.

Penalty for increafing /ftrong beer after Tuch dc« daration.

+6a  Anno feptimo. & odavo Guuelmi HI. c-30. {1696-

to the gauger or gaugers appointed to gauge and taka an account of the fame, how much of such guile ne or they intend to make into ftrong beer or ale, and how much into final!, before any part of such guile is cleanfed, and (hall continue all the (aid ftrong beer in their tuns, until the faid (mall beer (hall be car* tied out and delivered * and in cafe such brewers, innkeepers, or victuallers, or their refpeCtive fervants, brewing or making such guile of beer or ale, (hall refufe to declare to such gauger or officers, how much of their guile or brewing they intend to make into ftrong beer or ftrong ale, and how much into final], before *ny part of such guile is deanfed, or (hall permit the faid ftrong beer to be carried out of their tuns, until die (aid fnull beer mall be carried out and delivered; such gauger or gaugers (hall charge and return the whole of such guile to be ftrong, and such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, (hall pay the duties thereof accordingly: ana in cafe fiich brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, of their refpeCtive fervants, after such declaration made, (hall make any increafe of their ftrong beer or ftrong ale fb declared as aforesaid, by any ways or means whatfoever, such increafe (hall be deemed and taken to be and proceed from mixing (mall beer with such ftrong beer, or ftrong ale’; and such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every barrel fo increased, the fum of forty (hillings, andfo in proportion for a greater or Icfler quantity, over and above the penalties already impofed for mixing finall beer with ftrong; and in cafe, upon any information brought againft such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, for the penalties aforesaid, it (hall appear by die evidence given in behalf of such brewer, innkeeper or victualler, that the ftrong beer, or ftrong ale (o declared as a-fore&id, was increafed, by adding to or mixing with the (ame any ftrong beer or ftrong ale, that remained or was left, or returned of a former guile of his or her brewing, such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, (hall incur all the penalties aforesaid, except it be alfo proved by the oath of one or more credible witnefles, that such ftrong beer, or ftrong ale, Co added to such guile, was added to such guile in the. fight and vies# of the gauger, the (aid evidence or any other thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXL And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-forefaid. That if from and after the faid five and twentieth day of March, any common brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, fhaU deanfe, carry out, remove, or convey out of his brew-houfe, or place of brewing, any part of his guile or brewing of beer, ale, or worts, before the whole of such guile is brewed off, and be in his tuns, backs, or coolers, and until the gauger or gaugers (hall or might have taken an account of the fame, and of the diftinCt quantities thereof in his refpeCtive veffels, without first giving notice to the fupervifor or gauger appointed for the place or divilion where such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, doth or (hall inhabit, at what time, and how much of such guile or brewing he intends to ckapfe, carry author remove, and

where

far carrying out any part of a guile before gauger takes an account.

S&9 W.J. C. jS.

x 6g6.] Anno fcprimo & ottavo Gulielmi III. C. 30.  463

where he intends to lay or dtfpofe of the fame, such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, for every barrel of beer, ale, or worts, ‘ fo cleatifed, carried out, removed, or conveved out of his brew-houfe, or place of brewing, without giving such notice as afore-faid, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (hillings.

XXII.  And it is further enaCted by tne authority aforesaid, and for refti-That if any common brewer, innkeeper or victualler, after the f,n£ t0 ^rmit faid five and twentieth day of March, (hall upon due requeft or ^J^nt0 demand made by the gauger or other officer in the day-time, or brew-houfe, in the night in tne prefence of a eonftable, refufe to permit such &c-gauger or other officer to enter and come into his houfe, brew- r & s W. 3. houfe, ftore-houfes, or other places belonging to or ufed by c' 3°*

fuch brewer, innkeeper, or victualler; or being lawfully entred, Car- *• c*

(hall refufe such gauger or officer to ftay and continue in his **• **•'

brew-houfe, or place of brewing, whilft his guile is brewing,

and quietly gauge and take an account of the feveral worts, as

they are brewed off and let into his backs and tuns, and to fee

their ftrong and (mall drink cleanfed and carried out without

mixture, and to gauge and take an account of the goods in the

mefh tun, or of the quantity of malt from which such worts are

drawn or made, such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, for every

fuch offence, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds,

and the informer or profecutor (hall not be obliged to prove

that such brewer, innkeeper or victualler, did carry or deliver

out any part of such guile of beer or ale before he paid and

cleared the duties due for the fame; any -thing in the former

aCts of excife, or any other aCt or fbrtute to the contrary not-

withftanding.

XXIII.  And for the preventing and difeovering of all frauds Penalty on made by mixtures or otherwife, be it enaCted by the authority brewer, &c. aforesaid, That if any common brewer or innkeeper, after die

faid five and twentieth day of Martha (hall upon carrying out ftrong after his drink, or after the fame is carried out, ftart or mix any mall carried out. beer or fmall worts with or amongft any ftrong beer or ftrong  ^

ale, upon his dray, or in any victualler's ceDar, or other place,  & *3 Car/

fuch brewer or innkeeper fo aoing, fhall forfeit and lofe for every ». c. such offence the fum of five pounds 5 and further, that it (haU Ganjeermay and may be lawful to and for the gauger or gaugers of the ex- tafte <lrink an cife to tafte the drink upon any such brewer’s dray or drays, the dray, or in where and whenfoever he or they fhall find and meet the fame; thcvi&uaUcf* and alfo, upon requeft, to enter into the ceDar or cellars, orce • other rooms in the pofieflion of any innkeeper or victualler that do or (hall take or receive any drink of or from any common brewer, and to tafte the drink in the feme; and if any innkeep- Penalty on er or victualler, after the faid five and twentieth day of March, victualler re-(hall refufe such gauger or gaugers to enter and edme into their *ufxn£* cellar or cellars, or other rooms, jt being entred, fhall refufe such gauger or gaugers to tafte the drink in the fame, such innkeeper or vi&ualler, for every fuch1 offence, (hall forfeit and Iqfe the fum of five pounds.

XXIV.  Aud be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be

lawful

c. 30.

Penalty for not appearing*

i£

c. to.

464 Anno fcptimo & o6ka.ro Guliblmi III. c.30.  [1696.

Coramifllon- lawful to and for the commiflioners of excifc, and iuftices of the m of excife, pcacc refpedively, upon any information exhibited before them, monwkndTe^ f°r mY °®cace committed againft the laws of eixcife, to fum-sa Car. a. c men any perfon or perfons (other than the party accufcd) to *3» *4- appear before them at a certain day, time ana place, to be in-15 Car. a. c. ferted in such fummons, and to give evidence for the dilcovery ajCar.5*. c.5.  ^  °f  the matter in controverfy before them; and m

si Geo. 1. 5* cafe of negled or refufal to appear, or if upon appearance such perfon or perfons (hall refufe to give evidence, when he (hall be thereunto required, every such perfon fo making default, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds, to be impofed, recovered, levied and difpofed in manner as herein is direded.

XXV.  And whereas in and by one aft of parliament, made In the fifth and fixth years efthe reign of his Majesty and the late Sheen Mary of bUJfed memory, intituled, An ad for granting to their Majeflies feveral rates and duties upon tunnage of (hips and veflels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid ad .mentioned, to such perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, towards the carrying on the war againft France,. it is amongjl other things enafted in the words or to the cf-feft following, (viz.) That true notes in writing of the lad gauges, made or taken by the gaugers, (hall be left by them with all brewers, makers or retailers of beer, ale, or other ex-cifeahle liquors refpedively, or fome of their fervants, at the times of their taking their gauges, containing the quantity and .quality of the liquors fo gauged, upon certain penalties in the faid ads mentioned: And whereas it is necejfary for the fecuring hij Majejlfs duties upen the liauors aforesaid, that feveral gauges he taken by one or more officers of every wort of one and the fame guile or brewing, by reafon whereof the faid notes left by such gaugers di not fufficiently inform such brewer or retailer bow much he is cbargd in such rtfpeftive guile or brewing: be it therefore enaded by the tiauger to authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid five andtweo-kave with tilth day of Marche every gauger (hall, within three days after the end of every week, deliver to or leave with such brewer or retailer, or their refpedive fervants, a true copy, under his

Sauger to .cave with bYewer, &c.

a copy of

Penalty on ] gauger negating, si Geo. 1. c aS. f. 30.

CTchcharge by retaiicr* or tncir ™pective lervants, a true copy, under ms him madfr * band, of each refpedive charge by him made upon such brewer or retailer, containing the quantity and quality of the liquors by him charged in (uch week refpedively; and if any such gauger or gaugers (hall refufe or negled to leave with such brewer or retailer, or their refpedive fervants, such copy of his or their charges as aforesaid, or .(hall charge such brewer or retailer more than such copy contains; such gauger or gaugers (hall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence and negled, the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by any perfon that (hall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlmnfier, in which ho efloin, protedion, privilege or wager of law, nor more than one impprlance (hall be allowed.

XXVL And it is hereby proved and declared. That no

gauger

t6g6>] Anno leptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III. 0.30.  465

gauger or gaugers, who do or (hall leave such copy of his char-r Gauger# leaves, as above directed and required, (hall from henceforth be J^bSares iable to any of the penalties by the former ads impofed, for not iiabicto tot leaving notes of the lalt gauges at the times of their taking the penalties, uch gauges; the f?id ad, or any other ad or ftatuteto the rontrary notwithstanding.

XX VII. And for the better preventing and difcoverirtg of all >rivate backs, tuns, and other private and concealed vends or >ther receptacles, and of all drains, pipes, or ot’ er conveyances o or for the fame, ufed by any brewer, diftiller, or other mater or retailer of excifeable liquors, to defraud his Majesty of my of the duties payable by them or any of them refpedivcly;

>e it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after he faid five ana twentieth day of Marchy that it (hall and may :>e lawful to and for the officer and officers of excife, or any of hem, in their refpedive divifions, in the day-time, and in the >refence of a conftable or other lawful officer for the peace fwho Officer# fiif-ire hereby refpedively required to be aiding and affifting tnere-n) where they (hall have a juft fufpicion that any such private tun, See. may >acks, tuns or other vcffels aforesaid, are ufed by any such break open >rewers, diftillers or makers aforesaid, on requeft first made, brew-boufe ind caufe declared, to break open the door, or any part of such c* 9X1 >rew-houfe, diftilling-houfe, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, or other 00m in their refpedive poffeffions, and to enter into the fame, ind alfo break up the ground in any such brew-houfe, diftilling-toufe, ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, or other room, or the ground tear adjoining, in their refpedive pofleflions, to fearch after uch back, tun or other vefiel aforesaid, or any pipe or other :onveyance leading thereto; and in cafe where they (hall find iny private pipe or other conveyance, to fearch after and follow he fame; and in cafe the fame (lull lead into any ground, loufe, out-houfe or place, in the poflefiion of any otner perfon >r perfons, on like requeft, and with a conftable, to enter into he fame, and break open the ground, or any part of the houfe >r houfes, if occafion (hall be, to follow such private pipe, in >rder to find out and difeover such private and concealed Dack, un or other veftel, into which such pipe or other conveyance hall lead, making good the ground or houfe fo broken up, or riving reafonable latisfadion for the fame to the owner or owners thereof; and in cafe any such brewer, diftiller, or any other Penalty on jerfon or perfons, (hall oppofe or hinder such officer or officers brewer, &c. n the due execution of the powers and authorities hereby given £PP°fin8 °®* >r granted, every such brewer, diftiller, or other perfon fo dong, (hall forfeit and lofe for every such offence the fum of twen-:y pounds.  '  .  .

XXVIII.  And it is hereby further declared, That all perfons ^^utVaj vho (hall buy or make verjuice for fale, (lull be chargeable af|a ivith, and pay the fame duties as in cafe of cyder and perry. perry.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Fine#, penal. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed, ties. See. how lull be fued for, recovered, and levied by such ways, meaiistob« recover-

Vot. IX.  Hh  anded’

1

466  Anno feprimo & oftsvo Gulielmi m. c.30. [ 1696.

and methods, as any fine, penalty and forfeiture, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excife, or by any action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fFefitmnfier, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture (hall be to his Majeflfy, or bis heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhali difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXX.  And whereas his Majefifs inferior officers, whether they he fub-commijjioners, coUeftors, fupervifors, gaugers, or others employed in levytng the rates, impopttons, and duties upon beer^ ale, end other exdfeable liquors, and upon fait, are by virtue of his Majejlyi commiffion appointed, authorized and conflitutei, by toe chief comrmf-fioners and governors of and for the receipt of excife, and rates and duties upon fait, or any five of them : And whereas if by the death of any one of the faid chief commiffioners, who joined in the appoint-tng, authorizing and conjliiuting any such inferior officer, or by the alteration or other determination of the commiffion to the faid chief commiffioners, the authority given to such inferior officer or officer 1 Jbmld he determined, it would prove very prejudicial to his Mmfy, and render it impojfible on such occafions to colled and levy the fata rates and duties jujlly and duly, as the fame ought to be collided and levied: For prevention whereof, and of all doubts and queftions which have been or may arife thereupon, be it declared and enabled Inferior ofli- by the authority aforefaid. That all such inferior officers, who cm of excife, are, have been, or (hall be duly and legally authorized and con-arc. to conti- ftituted in purfuance of any commiffion under the great feal of office*, not- England, fince his Majesty’s happy acceffion to the crown, or trithftanding any such commiffion which (hall hereafter be granted to the the death or chief commiffioners and governors of and for the receipt of exremoval of any cjfc> an<j ratcs anci duties upon fait, do and (hall remain and continue in* their refpeftive offices and employments, notwith-1  *  Handing  the death or removal of any chief commiffioner or

commimoners, by whom they were fo authorized and conflicted, or any alteration, change or other determination of the commiffion of such chief commiffioners and governors, until the authority and conftitution of such inferior officers refpeftive-ly be, by the chief commiffioners and governors of and for the receipt of the excife, and rates and duties upon (alt for the time being, revoked or annulled*

XaXL And to the end as well the whole rates and duties upon low wines, or. (pints of the first extra&ion and fweeu hereby granted, as alfo the weekly fum herein after mentioned to be taken and applied out of the hereditary branch of his Maiefty’s revenues of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, and out of that part of his Majesty’s revenues of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, which is granted to his Majesty during his life (which God preferve) and likewife another weekly fum herein after mentioned to be taken and applied out of his Majesty’s revenue arifing within the general letter office or port office, or the office or his Majesty*s poft matter general, may be made funds or fecurities for railing any fum or (urns of a  money.

1696.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.30.  467

money, not mettriing in the whole five hundred and fifteen t hoe (and pounds (that is to fay) any fun* or fums, not ex-oeoding five hundred tbouiand pounds, for defraying the ex- 500,000!. for peaces «f hie Majesty’s houfitoU and family, and other his Ma- e*penc«» jefty’s neceffaryoccafions ; aodtny fum, not exceeding[fifteen thousand pounds, for the relief of die poor Frenth proteftants ; ,5>000|t for by borrowing monies upon the fame rates, duties, or branches relief of the refpe&ivety, in bicb proportions, manner and form, as are here- French protein after exprefled : be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- ftant,‘ faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Msqefty, or King way his Majesty’s officers in the receipt of his Exchequer, to borrow borrow or take in, by way of loan, to his Majesty’s ufe, on credit of credttof u>e the faid rates or duties upon low wines, or (pints of the first ex- duties hereby tra&ion, and fwcets hereby panted, any fum or fums of money, granted, not exceeding feventy tbouiand pounds, (to be reckoned part of the faid fum, not exceeding five hundred and fifteen thou-fand pounds, for the purposes aforefaid) from any peribn or per-fons, natives or foreigner bodies politick or corporate, as (hall be witting to advance or lend the famej and that intereft for the with intereft* forbearance thereof not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per eentumper annum for the first forty thousand pounds, and seven pounds per centum per annum for remaining thirty thousand pounds which (hall be fo lent, (hall be allowed and paid out of the faid rates or duties upon low wines, or (pints of the first extraction, and fwcets hereby granted; and that the money fo to be lent, (hall not be rated or afiefled to any publkk tax or t2Xcd. afieifinent whatfoever.

XXXII.  And to the end all the money that (hall be fo lent Duties to be to bis Majesty on the find duties upon low wines, and fpirits of

the first extrsuSMon, and fwcets, may be well and fufficiently fc-  '

cured, and repaid with intereft, as aforesaid, out of the fame, ™  *

be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the com-tnMfiomrs of the cxcife for the time being, (hall caufe all the monies arifing by the faid duties upon low wines, fpirits or fwcets, hereby granted, to be brought and paid from time to time, weekly, into the receipt of the Exchequer (that is to fay) upon JVeinefiuf in every week, if it be not an holiday; and it it be, then the next dby after that is not an holiday; and that there (hall be provided and kept in his Majesty’s Exchequer (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of the receipts, one book in which all the faid' monies which (hall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, (hall beentred apart and diftindt from and entred all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and aPart« fuccefihrs, upon any account whatfoever.

XXXIII.  And be it further enaded, That if the faid com- Penalty on miftioners of exdfe for the time being (hall refufe or negled to commffionera pay into the Exchequer all or any the faid monies of the faid ^applywig^ duties upon low wines, fpirits or fweets, hereby appointed to the monies? be paid as aforesaid, in such manner as they are before by this

a£t required to do, or (hall divert or mifapply any of the fame, then they, for every' such offence, (hall forfeit their offices of

H h 2  com-

46$ Anno feptuno & oftavo Gi/lielmi HI. C. $0; [i6g&^

commiffioners and governors for the management and receipt of the excife, and be incapable of any office or place of trail: whatsoever, and (hall be liable to pay the full value of any fi*m or Anns fo diverted or mifapplied, to any perfon or perfons, who will fue for the lame, by any adtion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s cocarts of record at Wijlminfler, wherein no eflom, protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

Comptroller XXaIV. And be it further enadted, That the comptroller of excife to of the excife for the time being, (hall keep a perfect and diftind keep a diffinft account of all the monies which (hall ariie by the faid dudes on ti^dotieu l°w wines, fpirits and fweets hereby granted, as the feme (hall from time to time arife, come or be brought into the faid office of excife j to which account all perfon9 concerned (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, without fee or charge.

XXXV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from time to time, upon making any such loans as aforesaid, on credit of the faid duties on low wines, fpirits and

___________ fweets,  tallies  of loan (hall be levied for all and every fum and

payment with fums of money fo to be lent; and that orders, according to the ev*2 courfe of the Exchequer, (hall be drawn and figned for repay-t&ree montiu. ment Qf tjic famc> an<| for payment of such intereft, as aforesaid, for the forbearance thereof; the faid intereft to be paid every three months until fetisfedtion of the principal fum : and that all and every such order or orders, and the monies therein to be contained, or any part thereof, (hall be affignaUe and transferable without power of revocation, fo as the alignments thereof be endorfed upon the refpedtive orders, and entred or notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the Exchc-~- -0- -- quer, in a book to be there kept for that purpose: and that a tbefiid or-  tecifter  (hall  be  kept  in  the  faid  receipt of Exchequer, of

dm, and or- all the faid orders of repayment, not exceeding feventy thoufend dm to be paid pounds, in which the feid orders (hall be regiftred in courfe, ** *keyftand according to the date of the tallies refpcdfcively, without any entreu. other preference of one before another: and that every perfon (hall be paid in courfe, as his order (hall (land entred in such re-

S'fter book, out of the (aid duties upon low wines, fpirits and reets, by this adt granted, which are hereby appropriated thereunto; and that no fee, reward or gratuity, dircdtly or in-diredtly, (hall be demanded or taken, for providing or making any such book or regifter, or for any view or fearch in the fame, by any of his Majesty’s officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of forfeiting treble aamages to the party grieved, to be recovered as aforefeid, either for demanding or taking any such fee or gratuity, or for giving any undue preference in point of regiftiy or payment.

Orders of the  XxXVI. Provided always. That if it happen that feveral of

unSue^wefe?  tallies and orders bear date, or be brought the feme day

jtacc. p * to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, it mall be interpreted no undue preference which of those he entred firft.

XXXVII.  Pro-

On making such loans, tallies to be (truck, and

orders for re-

orders to be aflignabie.

A regifter to

No fee to be taken for re-giftry or Searches. Penalty.

1696.] Anno feptirno & ottavo Gulielmi III. c.30? '469

XXXVII.  Provided alfo, That it (hail not be interpreted any Nor where undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if iL.1** the auditor dirc&, or the clerk of the pells record, and (he tel- fatiguing pre-lers do pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand cedent orders, their monies, and bring their order before other perfons that did

not come to demand their money, and bring their order in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders; which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; yet fo as that intereft of loan (hall in that cafe Intereft to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank cca c“ for them.

XXXVIII.  And whereas feveral tallies of Pro* or afllgnment, and other tallies, have been levied or ftricken at the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, upon the faid hereditary branch of his Majesty’s revenues of excife, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, and upon that part of the laid revenues of excife, which is granted to his Majesty during his life (which God preferve) or upon either of them jointly or«feverally, and divers fums of money upon the faid tallies, do now remain unfinished, which witli intereft for the fame, or for fome of them, are appointed or intended to be fadsfied or paid out of the produce of those bran- < ches of excife in courfe, according to the dates of the faid tallies fo remaining unfadsfied: be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That weekly and every week, from and

after the twentieth day of April* one thousand fix hundred ninety 6oe* 1. a week fix, the fum of fix thousand pounds, out of the money from to be fepara-time to time arifing in the office of the general receipt, tor the particular branches or dudes of excife before mentioned, which Cxdfe, See. , are commonly called the hereditary and temporary excife, or for payment either of them, (hall be feparated and kept apart, and (hall up- of tallies and on JVednefiay in every week, if the fame be not an holiday, but interPft. if the fame be an holiday, then the next day after that is not fo, be iffijed, paid and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated, to and for the payment and fatisfadion of the faid tallies already levied, and now remaining unfadsfied on the faid particular branches of excife, or either of them, and the intereft thereof, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* until the fame fhall be fully fatisfied and paid off; and from and after the full fatisfadiion thereof, then the like weekly  *P*

fum to arife, as aforesaid, (hall in like manner be feparated and jjicntofF kept apart, iffued, paid and applied, and the fame is hereby 4oo,oool. bor-appropriated, to and for the repayment and fatisfa&ion of such rowed on this further fum and fums of monies, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four hundred thousand pounds, as by or upon the credit of this a& fhall be borrowed or charged thereupon, as part of the faid fum, not exceeding five hundred and fifteen thoufiind pounds, intended to be railed for the feveral purposes aforesaid, and the intereft of the monies fo to be borrowed, not exceeding seven pounds per centum per annum for the first two hundred intereft. thousand pounds, and eight pounds per centum per annum for the retraining tyro hundred thousand pounds, fo as that the tallies

Bhj'  for

470 Anno fcptimo Sc o£fcavo GuLiElMi HL €.jo. [1696.

Tallies to be for the principal Aims rdpe&ively, (hall lie paid In courie, ac-cording to their rcfpo&ive dates, until the feme ih*U he fatty ♦wu^diroc. difchaiged and paid off; and the intereft upon every fitch tally ninths. (hall be paid every three months* until die fettsfettion of the Explained as to principal 5 and the chief cosnnuffioners of his Majcfty*s reve-tatius by nues of excife for the time being, are hereby authorized, and s W.3.C.3.I.3. fayftjy enj0iQed and required, to caufe the faid weekly fun* a-rifiag, or to arife,as aforefeid, to be paid and applicdacoortimg-ly, without diverting or mifepplying die hare, or any part thereof, to any other life, intent or purpofc whatsoever, and without giving any undue preference in the payment of the find tallies left mentioned, or any of them, under the penalty of forfeiting treble damages, befides calls of fiik, totbepaty grieved, who Stall or may fee far or recover the feme by a&icn of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill, fait or reformation, as aforefaid; and in cafe in any week or weeks the whole receipt of the monies upon the laid particular branches, catted. The hereditary and temporary excife, ihaH not he fuffident to anfwer the weekly payment or payments hereby dire&edfor inch particular week whole receipts. & weeks, That then and fo cron, the deficiency or deficiencies thereof (hall be fopplied and made good out of the whole receipts upon the feid particular brandies of excife arifing hi the next, or any fabfcquent week or weeks wherein fisch receipt or receipts mail be fuffidentto bear or make good the fame.

XXXIX.  And be it farther exuded by the authority afore-laid. That the monies which (hall be kqt and fecurcd by foch tallies as aforefeid, and the tallies for the feme, and the intereft thereof, (hall be affignable and transferable from one perfon to another, and fo over, without power of revocation, fo as the alignments or traqsforrjnces thereof be enured or notified in a book for that purpofc, to be kept in the head office of the excife fo London; and that 1*0 money fo to be lent on credit of the fiud weekly fum of fix thousand pounds, (hall be charged or afieflbd to or for any publick tax or impofition whatfoever. Commlffion- XL. And to the end all the monies hereby appropriated, or

ersof excife to intended to or for the fatisfe&ion of the keep a rew-fter of tallies, kc.

Deficiency of weekly payments to be made good out of the

Tallies lobe affignable, and monies lent not to be taxed.

reby appropriated, feiq tatties laft mi

To which all perfons may nave free ac-cefe without lee.

mentioned, and the intereft thereof, may be duly applied thereunto and not diverted to any other ufe, be it further cnaded by the authority aforefeid. That there (hall be provided and kept fay the feid comraiflioners of excife, in their head office aforefeid, one book, in which all the faid tollies, levied or to be leyied, as aforefeid, upon .producing or (hewing the feme to them or their clerk, to be appointed for keeping the find book, (hall be en-tred and regrftred, and the particular dates thereof (hall be ex-prefled, according to which dates every perfon is to be paid in courfe, as aforefaid; and that all perfons concerned (hall have free accefs to the faid bock at all feafeoable times; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredhr or indire&ly, (hall be demanded or taken by the faid commiuioners of excife, or any of their officers, clerks or faMHtutta, for the payment of the feid tallies, or any of them* or of any view, fearch or entry, concerning

the

1696.] Anne feptimo & odavo Guliblmi III. c. 90.  471

the fame, under the penalty that the pcrfon offending therein, (ha)I be forejudged from his place or office, and be uncapable to ferve his Maiefty therein.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That it (hall not be interpreted an undue preference or mifappiication, where any tally or tallies (hall not be brought to the (aid office to be entred, Wore they come in courfe of payment,' to fatisfv any tally of a fubfequent date before the lame; and if it (hail happen that fcveral tallies (hall bear the fame date, the laid com-miffioners may caufe them to be entred and fatisfied one after another j and it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the (aid commif-(ioners of excife do pay fubfequent tallies of perfons who come and demand their money, and bring their tallies before other perfons that did not come to demand their money, and bring their tally in courie, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy preceding tallies, which (hall not be Otherwife dif-pofed, but kept for them; neverthelefs in such cafes the intereft (hall ceafe from the time the money i* lb referved and kept in bank for them.

Penalty.

No undue preference where tally is not brought in courle.

Intereft to ceafe, when money is re* ferved for meat of

asr

XLII. Provided always. That any thing in this ad contained, concerning the faid weekly payment, mall not be conftrued to obftrud or hinder the payment of falaries or other incident charges, neceflary for the management of his Majcfty’s revenues of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors; any thing in. this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLin. And whereas feveral tallies of Pro of affignment, or other tallies, have been alfo levied or ftricken at the receipt of the Exchequer, upon his Majesty's laid revenue arifing in the general letter-office or poll-office,, and divers foms of money upon the fame tallies do now remain unfatisfied : be it further en-aded by the authority aforesaid, That weekly and every week, 6001. a week from and after the twentieth day of April, one thouland tax hun- to be paid out dred ninety fix, the fum of fix hundred pounds out of the mo- oftheDoft-ney or revenue from time to time arifing in the general letter-office or poll-office before-mentioned, (hall be leparated and iie7$ 5 kept apart, and (hall (upon IVednefday in every week, if the fame be not an holiday, and if it be, then the next day after that is riot an holiday) be iifiied, paid and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated to and for the payment and fatisfadion of the faid tallies already levied, and now remaining unfatisfied on the faid revenue arifing in the faid office, and the intereft thereof, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per an-* num% until the fame (hall be frilly fatisfied and paid off; and and after fa* from and after the full fatisfadion thereof, then the like weekly tisfadion fum of fix hundred pounds out of the revenue arifing in the faid thereof, to general letter-office, or poll-office, (hall in like manner be f«- payment parated and kept apart, ifiued, paid and applied, and the fame 0f 45,0001. is hereby appropriated to and for the repayment and fatisfadion with intereft. of such nirther fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of forty five thousand pounds, as by or upon

H h 4,  the

Regular pay-ment to be

472 Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi HI. c. 30.  £t696.

the credit of this aft (hall be borrowed or charged thereupon, as part of the faid fum, not exceeding five hundred and fifteen thousand pounds intended to be railed for the fcveral purpofcs nforefaid, and the intereft thereof, not exceeding seven pounds per centum per annum, fo as that the tallies for the principal fums refpe&ivdy (hall be paid in courfe, according to their re-fpedive dates, until the fame (hall be fully difcharged and paid Tallies to be off; and the intereft upon every such tally (hall be paid every paid in courfe three months, until fatisfadion of the principal; and his Ma-*n<*  jcfty**  poft-mafter  and  poft-mafters  general  for  the  time bang,

«onths.rCC the receiver general in the poft-office for the time being, are hereby authorized and ftridly enjoined and required to caufe the faid weekly fum of fix hundred pounds to be paid and applied accordingly ; and all matters and things by this a£t before ap-pointed or directed, for or concerning the aue and regular pay-penalties!'IT|ent  tallies  at  the  excife-office,  by  the  commiffion-

*  *  ers or other officers there, (hall be obfervea and executed, in

relation to the payment of the faid tallies hereby appointed or intended to be paid at the general letter-office or poft-office by the faid poft-mafters, or other the proper officers there, and under the like penalties, as if the daufes in that behalf were again repeated in this ad.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That this ad, or any thine herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued in any wife to hinder or dday any payment or payments whatfoever, grown due and incurred, or j hereafter to grow due, for or qpon the feveral and refpedivc yearly fums of thirty thousand pounds, and twenty thousand pounejs by the year, granted to feveral perfons in truft for his royal hignnefs prince George hereditary of Denmark, and her royal highnefs the princefs Anne of Denmark, and for such further ufes as are mentioned in feveral letters patents under the great feal of England^ bearing date on or about the twentieth day of February, one thousand fix hundred eighty five, and the twenty third day of Mayy one thousand fix hundred and ninety, but that the monies granted or fettled by the faid feveral letters patents (hall, accoraing to the tenor thereof, be duly paid and fa- i tisfied out of the feveral branches of his Majesty’s revenue yearly, charged therewith, as if this a£t had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLV. Provided ncverthelefs. That nothing in this prefect micheis ot a<^ k* ta*ten or conftrued to take away or interrupt the Cleveland See. Paymcnt of one annuity or yearly fum of four thousand seven *  *  hundred  pounds,  due  and  made  payable  out of the profits anting

out of the faid poft-office, unto the moft noble Barbara, duchefs of Cleveland, or to her truftees named in certain letters patents i bearing date the nineteenth day of January, in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, and confirmed afterwards by an a& of parliament made in the j two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the (aid 1 King, but that the fame (hall remain payable unto her, or

h?r

Aft not to hinder the payment of the yearly Aims granted to the prince and princefs of Penmark.

Nor the annuity to the duchd's of

1696.] Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 30.  473

her faid truftees, or to any other perfon or perfons lawfully claiming under her, them, or any of them, according to the diredions, and true intent and meaning of the faid letters patents ; any thing in this prefent ad to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XI.VI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That true notes in writing of every gauge made or taken. Signed by the gaugers, containing the inches and tenths, of the backs, and wants of the tuns, and the quality of the faid liquors refpedive-ly, Shall be left by them with all common brewers of beer or ale, or Some one of their Servants (if demanded) at the time of their taking the faid gauges, on pain to forfeit for every negled Pen”tJr on or refuial tne fum of forty Shillings, with cods of fuit, to be re-covered in any of his Majefiy’s courts of record at fVefiminfier, by notesof every action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no privilege gauge, &c. or wager of law Shall be allowed, nor any more than one impar- brewers,

lance.  «  Geo.  i.  c.

XLVII. And whereas by an ail of parliamentfaffed this prtftnt ,g. f. J0. 7 * ftffums, intituled, An ad for remedying the ill date of the coin of W. 3. c. 1. the kingdom, it is (amongfi ether things)  That  in  regard

the Small pieces of the new monies to be coined will be moft ule-ful in commerce, that from and after the fourth day of ry, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, the matter and worker of his Majesty’s mint for the time being Shall, upon every hundred pound weight T+oy of Sterling Silver to be coined from the dipt money, purfiiant to the diredion of that ad, from time to time caufe at leaft forty pounds weight Troy to be coined intQ Shillings, and ten pounds weight Trey to be coined into fixpences, befides the other coins which ne is to make out of the fame, pur-fuant to the indenture of the mint; and that in cafe the matter and worker of the mint Shall omit fo to do, he Shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, the other moiety thereof tp the informer, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no wager of law, protedion, privilege, imparlance, or efioin, Shall be allowed : andforafmuch as the penalty far not fpeties of money in quantity in the faid a£1 curtfled is wholly and only laid on the  mafler and worker of the mint, whose part is only to deliver

clean filver plates to the corporation of moneyers, from which the faid corporation art to make and mark the faid monies, for which they, by indenture of the faid mint, are to have nine pence half penny per pound weight Tioyfor all such filver made into monies, and one penny per pound weight Troy morp for their better and more exafl fitting and making the money: qow for the more fpeedy and effedual coining pf the faid mprieyinto thefeveral fpecies, purfuant to the faid ad of parliament, be jt enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if the faid corporation of tponeyers, (being from time to time fup- Monej-ers re-plied with fufficient clean filver plates by the matter and worker,

For the making the feveral fpecies aforefaid) Shall refufe or neg- jnto monles, led to make and mark the fame into monies of the feveral fpe- and keep the cies in the Said ad direded, at the prices aforesaid, or Shall not mills at work*

r  »mp!pym3ftw^

474 Anno ieptimo & oEtuvo Gdlielmi III. c. jr. [1696.

worker of the  fo tnany men and horfea aa (hall be fufficient 10 keep al

mint may em> ***  (when  famiflttd)  from  time  to time in foil work,

ploy other per- for twenty hours in each day, that then, in both or either of the fonsf &c. faid cafes, it fhail and may be lawful for the matter and worker of the mint for the time being to ufe and imploy such and £6 many other perfons, and fo many horfcs, and pay diem for the making, doing and performing of the (aid work, as (hail be ne-ceflary, and to him (hall feem needful 5 any ufage, claim, or contract, or any other matter which (hall or may be pretended by the (aid corporation of moneyers to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

CAR XXXI.

An aft for continuing fo bis Majesty certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, Jlone and earthen wares, and for granting fever al duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft}: rznet, and for ejiabliftnng a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tannage of flaps and upon coals.

&  d W & Xjt/HEREAS by an a£t made at the parliament held in the fifth end Hl.c. 7. *  ▼ V Jixth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and the kte

Queen Mary of blejfed memory, intituled. An a& for granting to their Majetties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, foy fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid a& mentioned, to such perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it was enaftei, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, one theufand fix hundred ninety four, there should be throughout the kingdom ^England, dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, raijed, le* vied, collected, and paid unto their Majefties, tb$ir heirs and fuccef-fors, until the feventeenth day of May, which jfhall be in the year ef our Lord one thousand fix hundred mntty feven, and no longer, fir fait, the feveral rates and duties therein mentioned; we your Maje-fty’s moft loyal and dutiful fubje&s, the commons in parliament aflembled, being fenfible of the great and neceflary expence in which your Majesty is engaged for carrying on the prefent war againft the French Iking, and being defirous to fupply the fame in such manner as may be leaft grievous to your Majesty’s fubje<5U, therefore, for the encouragement of fuen perfons wno (hall voluntarily contribute to the advancing and paying into your Ma-jefty's Exchequer, towards carrying on the faid war, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the fum of five and twenty hundred and fixty four thousand pounds, upon the refpedttve terms and recompences herein after mentioned, we your Majesty’s faid loyal and dutiful fubjefts, the commons in parliament aflembled, have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant unto your Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, Kings and Queens of Eng* land, tne feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned.

Puties on fale And be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty,

1696.] Anno feptuno & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.^i.-  475

by and 'with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and granted for temporal, and the commons, in parliament affembled, and by 15 its * the authority of the lame. That all and every the rates and du- w c ties upon fait granted by the laid recited adl, lhall be railed, le- Rep. j Geo’s! vied, collected, anfwered, and paid unto your Majesty, yourc. * ban and luecdlbrs, Kings and Queens of England* tor ever, in the lame manner and form, and by foch rules, ways, and means,  *

and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in continued by it the faid adt for railing, levying, collecting, anfwering and pay- Geo. s.c. 5. ing the fane, for the term granted in the laid adt j and that the faid recited adt, and every article, rule, and daufe therein mentioned, as far and concerning’the rates, duties, and impofitions upon fait, lhall continue and be in full force for ever, as folly and amply, to all intents andpurpofes, as if the fame were particularly recited, expreffed, and enadted in the body of this ad.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That

the commiffioners and governors tor management and receipt of Comraiflioners the excHe, at the head office in Ltndtn* for the time being, lhall £eep aparube feparate and keep apart all and every the monies ariling by the monies^arifing rates and duties hereby granted and continued, as the fame lhall by the duties from time to tune arile, or be paid into the faid office of excife, hereby grant-by the receivers or collectors of the fame, or by any other per- *he fame week-ion or perfons whtribever; and the faid commiffioners and go- j. jnt0 the vernors of emcife for the time being are hereby required, and Exchequer, ftridtlyenjoined from time to time for ever, to pay weekly,  from

on Wedntfiay in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be,°“er money' then the next day after that is not an holiday, all and every the monies ariling by the rates and duties hereby granted ana continued, into the receipt ofbis Majesty’s Exchequer, diftindt and apart from the other monies which the faid commiffioners and governors refpedtiveiy (hall receive for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors. s

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That . , . there (hall be from time to time for ever provided and kept in j^pt °n t£,®* his Majesty’s Exchequer (that is to fay) in the office of the au- Exchequer, ditorof the receipts, one book, in which all the faid weekly mo- forentringthe nies which (hall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, (hallfaid monies-be entred apart and diftindt from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account wharioever.

V.  And be it further enadted. That if the faid commiffioners penalty on and governors for the time being (hall refufe or ncgledt to pay conimifiionera into the Exchequer all or any the faid weekly fums appointed to negiefting or be paid as aforesaid, in such manner as they are before by this adt

required to do, or lhall divert or mifapply any part of the fame,r * mon,es* then they, for every such offence, (hall forfeit their, office of commiffioners and gqvernorsfor the management and receipt of the excife, and be incapable of any office or place of truft what-foever, and (hall be liable to pay the full value of any fum or fums fo diverted or mi (applied, to any perfon intitlcd thereunto

by

476 Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi in. C.31J  [1696,

by virtue of this aft, who will file for the lame, by any aftioa or debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefimnjler■, wherein no efloin, proteftkm, wager of law, privilege, or any more than one imparlance, <haB be granted or allowed.

Weekly famt VI. And be it further enafted, That all the Aims appointed to be the fund, by virtue of this aft to be paid weekly into the receipt of Exchequer, (hall be the fund for the feveral and refpeftive intents and purposes herein after mentioned and exprefled.

Salaries, See. VII. Provided always, arid be it enafted. That it fhall and to be paid out may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, of the duties. out Gf thc fay duties granted and continued by this aft, to caufe such fum and fums of money to be expended and paid front rime to time for falaries, or other incident charges as (hall be neoefi fary, in and for the receiving, collefting, levying or managing of the fame duties; any thing in this aft remained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Comptroller of VIII. And be it enafted. That the comptroller of the errife exciie to keep for the time being, (hall from time to time for ever keep an ac-account of the count of the faid duties, in the fame manner, and under the

t?*?  * 6 fame penalties as in the faid recited aft is direfted, for the term

w. ec M, c. 7. thcrcby

i79^Sol.tobe IX. And be it further enafted. That yearly and every year, the yearly reckoning the first year to begin from the (Seventeenth day of fund.  one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, the full fum of one hun-

dred feventy nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds, out of the monies, to arife by the feveral rates and duties hereby granted and continued, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, by weekly payments as afoftfaid (in cafe the faid weekly payments (hall extend thereunto) (hall be the whole and intire yearly fund; and in cafe the faid weekly payments (hall not amount to one hundred feventy nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds per annum, then the faid weekly monies or payments, 10 for as the fame will extend, (hall bepart of the yearly fund, for and towards the anfwering and paying of the feveral yearly fums herein after mentioned. j7<M*ol.year- X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid. That ly to be kept for the better raifmg and paying into the receipt of Exchequer •PJrt*to k®. the fum of two millions five hundred fixty four thousand pounds, Skewed.CrCm t*lc fum °f one hundred feventy nine thousand four hun-. dred and eighty pounds, by and out of the duties and impofi-tions granted or arifing by this aft, (hall be kept feparate and apart in the faid receipt of Exchequer, to be paid over from time to time, unto such perfon and perfons, and in such manner and form as is herein after direfted.

Bubfcriptions XI. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall for 1564000). and may be lawful, to ana for his Majesty, by commiflion un-(bank of Eng- der the great feal of England, to authorize and appoint any (andexcepted) number of perfons to take and receive all such voluntary fub-feriptions as (h*ll be made on or befpre the #rft day of Augufi%

m

477

i 696.] Anno feptitno & oftavo Gulielmi III. 0.31. '

one thoufimd fix hundred ninety fix, by any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (other than the governor and company of the bank of England, for and towards the raifing and paying into the receipt of Exchequer the faid fum of two millions five hundred fixty four thousand pounds, and to take and receive all such voluntary fubfcriptions as (hall Subfcriptious be made of land, on or before the faid first day of Augi0> in such °* manner and form as is herein after limited and appointed; and that the yearly fum of one hundred feventy nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds, arifing by ana out of the faid duties and impofitions before mentioned, (hall be applied, iiTued, and directed, and is hereby appropriated to the ufe and advantage of such perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, as 179480L to be (hall make such voluntary fubfcriptions and payments of the applied to the faid two millibns five hundred fixty four thousand pounds, their ®fthc executors, fucceflfors and affigns for ever, proportionable to the |^Ijr fubfcription of each perfon or body politick fo fubfcribing the for ever, lame, and (hall from time to time, as the fame (hall come into the faid receipt of Exchequer be ifliied and paid accordingly,

XII.  And be it further enafted. That the commiflioners of Commiffioners his Majesty’s treafury, and the under treafury of the Exchequer of the treafury now being, and the lord high treafurer and under treafurer or to dircft the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby faid W111®111* ftri&ly enjoined and required by virtue of this alt, and without

any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had or obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, to direft their warrants vearly for the payment of the faid yearly fum of one hundred leventy nine thoufimd four hundred and eighty pounds, to the contributors of the faid fum of two millions five hundred fixty four thoufimd pounds, in the manner and proportion in and by this ad directed and appointed; and the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer, and all other officers of the Exchequer for officers of the time being, are hereby directed and enjoined to ifliie the Exchequer to laid monies fp fet apart, for the ufes hereby di reded, from time iffue the faid to time, without any fee or reward, under the like penalties, m°n'e8 vritb" forfeitures and dilabilities, as are hereafter infiided upon any of- ou ec* ficer for diverting any monies appropriated or applied by this ad.

XIII.  And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be Contributor

lawful for his Majesty, by letters patents under the great feal of incorporated England, to incorporate all and every the fuhfcribers and contri<- by the name of butors of land and money, their executors, fucceflors and afligns, jhk/wt to be one body coiporate and politick, by the name of the go-  *

wrnorand company of the national land bank* and by the fame namtUndbank,

of the governor and company of the national land bank to have to have per-perpetual fuccefllon, and a common feal; and that they and their petual fuccef-iucceflors, by the name aforesaid, (hall be able and capable in

1  ^  «  7  % c  •  rr_r  »  ,  ■  .  UUMl lea!, to

law, to have, purchafe, receive, poffefs, enjoy and retain, to purchaic lands

them and their fucccffor?, any lands, rents, tenements and he-reditaments, of what kind, nature, quality or value foever, without any further licence, and alfo to fell, grant, demife, alienc or dilgofe the fame, end by the (acne name to foe and implead,

47*

fue and implead, and make bylaws.

If the whole be not paid bjr x January, >696.

Subscribers to receive only 7L per cent, per ana.

After insor-poratioo to be paid to tbe go-

fucccflors for ever, in truft for payment of bills under their common feal, and for the members

in

to

proportion their flocks.

Interefb and flocks to goto executors.

If the whole be not contributed, corporation toceale, and what belongs to fob-formers to be transferable wand entrcd within so days gratis.

Anno fepdmo & oStmo Gulielmi DI. C.31.  [1696.

plead, and be fued and impleaded, anfoter and be anfwtred, in courts of record or elfe where, and to make by-laws mid ordinances for the better regulation and government of die fold corporation, as they (hall think fit, and to do and execute all and finguhr other matters and things, by the name aforefoid, that to diem (hall or may appertain to do.

XIV.  Provided always, and it k hereby farther ena&ed, Thar in cafe the whole fum of two miliions'five hundred faty four thousand pounds (hall not be advanced and paid'into the laid receipt of Exchequer, by the laid governor and company, to be tftabliflied as aforefoid, before the first day of January, which Audi be in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hvmdred ninety fix, that then the fubferibers and contributors for and towards ratting the fold two millions five hundred fixty four thousand pounds, their executors, faceeffors and afligns, (hall only haw and receive fb much, and fach part and proportion of the foid yearly fand, as (hall be after the Fate of seven pounds per cent, per mammy for facts fum or fams of money as (hail be fo respectively paid and advanced.

XV.  And be it farther enabled, That from and after die granting the (aid letters patents of incorporation, the laid yearly fum of one hundred feventy nine thoufond four hundred and eighty pounds, or fo much thereof as (haH be proportionable so the fo veral fum or fums before that time advanced, or tx> be then afterwards advanced, before the find first day of January, one thoufond fix hundred ninety fix, as aforefoid, (hall be ifiued and paid to the foid governor and company, and their fuccefiors for ever, in manner as by this aft is directed; and that the foid governor and company, and their faceeibrs for ever, (haH from time to time have and receive the fame, in truft, in the first place, for paying and Satisfying alt bills and other charges which they (hall from time to time charge thereupon under their common feal; and from and after payment and fatisfoftion of fach bills and eharees, then in truft for the feveral and refpeftive members of the foid corporation, according to the proportion of their feveral ftocks therein.

XVI.  And be it farther enafted, That the interefb and ftocb of the money in the foid corporation, (hall go to executors and adminiftrators, and not to heirs, and (hall be transferable and devifeable in fach manner as his Majesty (hall direft in and by the foid letters patents, and not otherwtte.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it enafted and declared. That in cafe the Aim of two millions five hundred fixty four thoufond pounds, or one moiety thereof, be not fubferibed on or before the foid first day of Auguft, one thoufond fix hundred ninety fix, that then the powers and authorities in this aft, forerefting a corporation asraforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and that then, and in such cafe, fo much of the foid yearly fum of one hundred feventy nine thousand four hundred and eighty pounds as (hall belong

696.} Annoleptimo & odavoGulielmi III. c.3r.  47^

ong to the find fubfcribers, according to the meaning of this ad, hall be transfeitabk by the refpe&ive fobfcribors, their refpec-:ive executors, fuccefiors, or afligns, to any perfon or perfons srhatfcever, by any writing or writings under the hand and feal of the perfon or perfons transferring the fome,attcfted by two or more rredible witnefflbs, and entred within twenty days after the feal-ng thereof, in a took or books to be for that purpose kept in the Paid Exchequer, by his Majesty’s remembrancer for the time bc-ng (for the entring whereof nothing (hall be paid^which entries he faid remembrancer is hereby required (upon requeft) to make.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That A fourth part svery fubfcriber (hall, at the time of fach fabfcriptien, pay, or to be paid raulc to be paid unto the faid commiflioners one fourth part of <J°?rnj °r

lis or her fubfcription j and in default thereof, such fubfcription fcriptionto be hall be void, ami that the refiduo of the faid fubfcriptions (hall void, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty*s Exchequer, as his Ma-efty (hall dired, before the faid nrft day of January, one thou-  V*®  **

fand fix hundred and ninety fix; and in default of such pay-  1

ments, that then the faid fourth part first paid as aforefsid, (hall Forfeiture, be forfeited to and for the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

XIX.  And be it further enaded, That no perfon having any perfon hav-intereft, by his own fubfcription or purchafe, in the ftock of, ing (lock or or having any office or place in the bank of England, (hall at ph« »the the fame time have any such mtereft as afbrefaid, in the ftock of,

or any officfc or place in the find corporation hereby intended; jn ^ ind that no perfon being a truftee, diredor, manager,. or other corporation, officer of the incorporation hereby intended, (hall at the fame time have any such intereft as aforefaid in the dock of, or any office or place in the bank of England, under the penalty of the forfeiture of such perfons refpodive intereft in each ftock, one p . moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other  diree-

moiety to the informer, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, tors, &e. plaint or information in any of his Majeft/s courts at  hating at the

ffrr, wherein noeflbin, protection, privilege or wager of law fhsK !**“• tl™ea/2r be allowed, nor any more than one imparlancew

XX.  Provided alfo, and be it farther enaded, That if the&c. *** 9 governor and company, or any members of the faid corporation Penalty on ad-lo to be eftabliffied, (hall upon the account of the faid corpora- vancinS motion, at any time or times purchafe any lands or revenues be- Jhcrfond^han longing to the crown, or advance to ms Majesty, his heirs or by credit of fucceflors, any fum or fums of money, by way of loan or anti- loan given by cipation, on any part or parts, branch or branches, fund or Parl*,lmcn1, funds of the revenue now granted or belonging, or hereafter to

be granted or belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, other than such fond or funds, part or parts, branch or branches of the faid revenue only, on which a credit of loan is or (hall be granted by parliament, that the perfon and perfons who (hall consent, agree to, or approve of such a' purchafe or loan, and being thereof lawfully convid, (hall each of them, for every such offence, forfeit treble the value of every such fum or fums of

money

the frock*

Penalty on perfons fo trading.

480 Anno feprimo 6c odavo Oiklulmi I1L c.31. [169$.

money fo lent, whereof one fifth part (hall be to die informer, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftvan-fler* by afiion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection, wager of law, efibin, privilege of parliament, or other privilege (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance, and the refidoe to be diipofed of towards puhlick ufes, as (hall be directed by parliament, and not otherwife.

Corporation XXI. And be it further enaded. That the faid corporation to not to trade be made, purfuant to this ad, (hall not at any time deal or or otbmin^h tra^e> Permit or fufter any perfon or perfons whatfoever, either w  in troft, or for the benefit of the fold corporation, to deal or

trade with any of the fold dock of monies or effects of the foid corporation, in the buying or felling any goods, wares or merchandize; and every porfon or perfons who (hall fo deal or trade, or by whole order or direction such dealing or trading? (hall be made, (hall forfeit for every such dealing or trading, and every order or direction, treble the value of the goods and merchandize fo traded for, to such perfon or perfons who will fue for the fome by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftmnfier, wherein no efloin, prote&ion, or other privilege whatfoever, nor any injun&ion, order of reftraint nor wager of law (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

XXII.  Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained goods of the (hall any ways be conftrued to hinder the fold corporation from Eu^ouidiaf- “Kh goods as (hall or may be the produce of lands pur-1 cdby them, chafed by the foid corporation.

Fine*, to. XXIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That all amer-againft the ciaments, fines and iflues againft the (aid corporation and their corporation fuccefiors, or any officers under them, had, charged or eftreat-nmto be par- ed or upon account of any fuit or a&ion to be profecuted or Finereftreated b^g*1* ag^oft them, (ball not be pardoned, acquitted or dif-into the Ex- charged by any letters of fignet, pnvy feal or great feal of his cbemaer, (6 Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, or otherwife howfoever; and much of the in ode any such amerciaments, fines or iflues (hall be eftreated Mah^dL *nto Majesty’s Exchequer againft the faid corporation, upon the fine* a- ** any procefs for non-appearance, at the fuit of any perfon or mount to.  perfons, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the offi-

cers of his Majesty’s Excheouer for the time being, who are hereby directed to pay the faid yearly fum of one hundred feventy nine thousandfour hundred and eighty pounds to the faid corporation, to detain fo much money as the faid amerciaments, fines or iflues (hall amount unto, out of the faid yearly fum of one hundred feventy nine thoufond four hundred and eighty pounds payable to the laid corporation.

Yearly fum XXIV. And it is hereby declared and ena£ted. That the (aid not to fraud yearly fum of one hundrea feventy nine thousand four hundred charged with aiMj eighty pounds, or such part thereof as (hall by this ad be monies piid due to the faid corporation or fubferibers, (ball not, at any time into the ex- or times hereafter, be made ufe of for a fond or (ecurity to raife, chequer. pay or fccure, nor (hall be chargeable, or ftand charged with

any

48i

596.] Aftntt feprimb & oftavo GulIelm! III. d.31.

ny more, further or other bill or bills of credit, fum or fumi rhatfoever, fave only such fums of money as (hall, in purfuancd f, and according to the intent of this ad, be advanced and paid Uo his Majesty’s Exchequer within the time by this ad limited yr the fame, and such fums as the faid corporation, after their urchafe thereof, (hall from time to time charge thereupon, as forefaid, not exceeding the fum by them paid for the purchafe hereof, as aforefeid \ and that any monies payable t6 any per- aa notto be 1 on or perfons, upon or by virtue of this ad, (hall not be charg- taxed, d or chargeable with any rates, taxes or impofitions whatsoever.

XXV.  Provided further, and be it enaded, That at anytime, ipon one year's notice, after the first day of Augufi, which (hallIn a y^r’srtou c in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and fe- on repayment en, upon repayment by parliament of the faid fum of two mil- 0f 2564000!. ions five hundred and uxty four thousand pounds* or such part and arrears of hereof as (hall be paid and advanced a* aforesaid, unto the faid Cor- *he y car*7 »oration,ortherefpcdivefubfcribersandcontributorsthereof,their executors, fucceffors or afligns, and of all arrears of the faid year- corporation to y payments of one hundred feventy nine thousand four hundred determine, ind eighty pounds, or of the proportionable part thereof, ac-ording to the fum which (hall be paid and advanced, that then*  1

nd from thenceforth, the faid yearly payments of one hundred sventy nine thousand four hundrea ana eighty pounds, or of he proportionable pan thereof, as aforesaid, and every part hereof, and the faid corporation, fo far as the fame relates to he faid two millions five hundred and (ixty four thousand pounds* hall abfolutely ceafe and determine; any thing herein contained n any wife to the contrary notwithftanding.

XxVI. Provided neverthelefs, That for preventing the forfeit Redemptioii ure, efcheat or reverter of any lands, interefts or eftates, which <rf*he fund, * hall be conveyed unto, or fettled upon the faid corporation, it farfa* 5 hereby declared and enaded, That neither the redemption of tureof lands, he (aid fund, or any other ad or default of the faid corporation, but be fubjed tor any judgment to be given againft the fame, (hall be, or be con- to aU lawful trued to, or extend to be a forfeiture, efcheat or reverter of any ands, or other interefts or eftates, of which the faid corporation*c v y >r anyperfons in truft for them, (hall be from time to time feized >r poflefled; but the fame, and every part thereof* (hall not-vithftanding continue, remain and be fubjedt and liable to all ind every the lawful ufes, trufts, intents and purposes, for which :he fame (hall be conveyed unto, or fettled upon the faid corporation, or any perfons in truft for them.

XXVII. Ana whereas by one other ad made at the fame par-iament held in the faid fifth and (ixth years of the reign of his ^ c ao Vfajefty and of the lateQueen Mary, intituled. An aft for granting Kates of tun* 0 their Majefttes fev&al rates and duties upon tannage of fhips and nage of (hips, 'jeJfelSy and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain re- ***** **** ompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to such perfons as1500000 ' hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds,  .<

towards carrying on the war againjfl t ranee, it was enaded, That For and during the term of fouryears* commencing from the first * Vox.. IX.  1  i  day

iky W.j. c. it.

Glafr wares,

kC.

Farther conti sued far five yean.

Anno feptimo 6c o£bvo Goliblmi QL c.31. (1696.

day of Tauv, one thouland llx hundred ninety four, there (hould be polo unto their Majesties, their heirs ana fucceflors, for and upon the tannage of (hips, the feveral rates and duties in the Cud ad mentioned: and whereas alio by one other a<51 made at the lame parliament, held in the fixth and ferenth years .of his laid Majesty’* reign, intituled. An all for granting unto  Afejt-

fij ttrtmunfits up**glafs wares,  and earthen  tools and

atlas, far carrying on the war France, it is enafted. That for all forts of coals and culm (except charcoal made of wood) which from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred ninety five, fhould be water-bom, or (hould be laid on board any (nip or vcfiel, to be earned, imported or brought, or which (hall be carried, imported or brought in any (hip orveflel into any port or place in the kingdom of England, dominion of Walts, and town . of Berwick upon Tweed, from any port or place within the (aid kingdom, dominion or town of Berwick, or from the kingdom of Scotland, in or during the fpace of five years, commencing from the (aid nine and twentieth day of September, there (hould be paid and anfwered unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, (over and befides all other impofitions, duties, and fums of money, in any wife due or payable for the fame) the feveral and re-fpedive impofitions, rates and duties therein mentioned: be it ena&ed, That the faid feveral ads, as to the (aid rates and duties for tannage, coals and culm as aferefaid (hall continue and be in force until foe feventeenth day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, and no longer; and that from thenceforth all and every the duties thereby raifed, for tannage, coals, and culm, as aforesaid, (hallceafe, and be no more payable.

XXVIII.  And it is hereby further enaded, That out of the fcr paying the monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of Exchequer by vir-’ °f tuc of this aft, by all or any the ways and means herein mentioned, the fum of five hundred fixty thousand pounds (hall be, and it hereby appropriated for paying and difeharging fo much as yet remains unpaid of the fum of five hundred forty four thousand and (even hundred pounds, together with intereft for the fame, which hath been advanced and paid into the receipt of Exchequer, by way of loan, upon fecurity of the (aid aft, intituled, An all for granting to bis Majesty certain duties sepon wares, /toneand earthen bottles, coals and culm, for carrying on the war againft France, and that the fum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds (hall be, and is hereby appropriated for anfwer-ing and making good the rates and duties of tannage upon (hips, gnnted as aforesaid, which (hall arife and become payable by virtue of the faid recited a <51 for that purpose, from the (aid feventeenth day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix until the A tike fum fcr feventeenth day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety (even; nisiuag good and that the fum of one hundred and forty thoufimd pounds (hall the dunes on |X| js hereby appropriated for anfwering and making good the rates and dunes upon fait, granted as aforesaid, which (hall arife and become payable, by virtue of the faid recited ad for that

pur-

(CoooaLtobo

fis&r1

▼aneedonfe* corky of the

Jbtc&idnft.

140000!. for making good the ratei of tonnage of fhipa.

fak.

6g6.] Anno leptimo&o£hvoGutiELMi III. c.31.  48$

urpofe, from the faid feventeenth day of one thoufend fix undred ninety fix* until the faid feventeenth day of Maft one loufand fix hundred ninety feven.

XXIX.  And that the fums by this act appropriated may not Rale*appoint* e diverted or applied to any other purpose than is hereby de- ed by 1 w. lared and intended, be it enaded by the authority aforesaid,

That the rules and directions appointed and enaCwd in an a<St poun^, lade in the first year of the reign of his faid Majesty and the late to be infbrca Jueen  Mary,intituled, Anallfor a grant to their Maiefies  for diftribut-

id of two /hillings in the pound for one year, for the lpeedy pay- j"8 fbe fum» lent of the money thereby granted into the receipt of Exche- ^r|<^ *PPro~ |uer, by the collectors and receivers, and for dimibution and pplication thereof, and keeping diftindt accounts of the fame, coooooL tube nd all other provifoes, pains, penalties and forfeitures, thereby **111*11'-iau na&ed, in cate of diveraon of any money thereby appropriated, re hereby revived, and enacted to be in force, and (nail be prac- quarterly, or ifed, applied, executed and put in ure, for and concerning the*l. per cent, liftribution and application of the faid fums hereby appropriat- p*Jr*Me d, as folly, amply and effedhially, as if the fame were here par- “*“-y**W* icularly repeated and re-enadted.

XXX.  And whereas the intent of incorporating the fubfcrib-:rs as aforesaid, is in order to enable them to lend monies on ecurities of lands at low intereft, be it ena&ed by the authority iforefaid, That the faid governor and company (hall lend out he fum of five hundred thousand pounds per annum at the lead,

>ver and above what they (hall lend to members of the faid cor->oration, on land fecurities, at intertft not exceeding three

>ounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, payable quarterly, or bur pounds per centum per annum, payable half-yearly, at the sledtion of the owners of the lands, in cafe fofficient fecurities br the fame be tendred unto them.

XXXI.  And for the better enabling them to do the fame, Afllgnments tnd for the better adoring the titles of all lands which (hall be of lands to be :onveyed unto them, or any perfons in trull for them, and for

he more easy and ready transferring the feveral interefls there-n, and keeping the accounts thereof, be it enadted. That ad no*. :onveyances or affignments of any lands, interefls or edates which (hall be from time to time conveyed unto, or fettled upon the faid corporation, or any perfons in trull for them, for fecurities or otherwife, or fome notes, entries or memorandums of such conveyances (hall be from time to time entred or regiflred in regifter-books or books of entry, to be provided and kept by the faid corporation for that purpose; and that from and after the execution pf foch conveyances or alignments, and ending, regillring or noting the lame in the regifler-books, as aforesaid, that all and every foch lands, intereds and eflates, as long as the fame (hall continue fo fettled, (hall from time to i,and, fa en« time be aflignable, transferable and chargeable by the refpedive tred may be • owners thereof, in the fame or other regider-hooks of the faid affignod. corporation, or by virtue thereof, and not elfewhere, nor other-wife, unlcfs by will duly made and publilhed.

XXXII.  And whereas bills of credit given out by corpora-

I i 4  tions.

484 Anno feptimo & o&avo Guljelmi III. <.31.  [ 1696.

tions, under their common feal, do no ways affe& the lands or real eftates of such corporations until judgment be had thereon ; by reafon whereof feveral corporations have conveyed away and difpofed their effe&s from their creditors, and left them without Governor, &c. remedy for recovering their debts : for preventing which mif* taking con- chief, and for making the bills of credit, which mall be given Unds^&c. to out  faid governor and company, upon fecurities of lands,

charge the to be a certain smd fafo fecurity to the perfons accepting the fame by bills fame: be it enacted, That when the faid governor and company ln lrC^ foall ta^e conveyances of any lands or other interefts or eftates, aiidThecor- w*fo P°wers fr°m owners thereof, to charge the fame with poration liable the monies borrowed thereon, the faid governor and company to aftion of (hall charge the fame by bills of charge in like form as follow-debt for the cth, viz. The governor and clmpany of the national land bank do money. hereby charge the lands> &c. Entred in libro A. No. I. with pay-' merit of  pounds to A. B. lie. for payment whereof they

oblige thcmfelves and their fucccffors by thtft prefents; which laid bills (hall effedualiy charge die lands or other interefts or eftates fo referred unto, and alfo make the faid corporation liable to an adion of debt for the faid money.

Owners of XXXIII. Provided neveithelefs, and fpr the more ready and off m me*0^ ^barging such lands, interefts or eftates from such bills of and™h™rom- charge as aforesaid, upon payment of the monies due thereon, pany’s bills or any part thereof, be it enaded. That wlien the owners of not ready to such lands, or other interefts or eftate, (hall pay off all or any t*  monies lent by the faid governor and company on fecurity

many bUU° thereof, and that the faid governor and company (nail not at the charged on time of such payment have the bills charged on such lands, or other lands, other interefts or eftates, ready to be delivered to such owner. That in such cafe the faid governor and company (hall inftead thereof deliver cancelled to the owner of the faid lands, or other interefts or eftates, fo many bills charged on fome other lands, or other interefts or eftates, as (hall amount to the monies fo paid off and difeharged, and at the fame time in the counter-’  .  part remaining with them of the bills (landing out upon the

eftate, in refpedt whereof such payments (hall be made, (hall A transfer of enter a transfer of the bills fo (landing out, to the eftate on the bills ftand- which the bills delivered cancelled (hall be charged* in tbefe or ing out, to be the like words, viz. Difeharged, and transferred to liber A. No. i. counurpart an<* fo^orfe foch transfer on the faid bill fo delivered can-and to be in- celled, and in the counterpart remaining with them of the faid dorfed on the bills delivered cancelled, (hall enter the transfer thereof in thefe bill, and en- or the like words, viz. Cancelled and recharged from L. B. No. 2. All which to  foal], lPf° difeharge the lands, or other interefts

difeharge and or eftates redeemed, in refpelt whereof such money (hall be reconvey the paid, from fo much in bills (landing out thereon, and (hall c^arge such bills on the lands or other interefts or eftates, to difehj^e^ which they (hall be fo transferred, that when all the bills charg-■ * ed on any eftates (hall be difeharged in manner aforesaid, the owners of such lands (hall or may have the fame reconveyed unto them, and for ever thenceforth hold and enjoy the fame, freed and difeharged from all bills or charges charged thereon

by

1696.J Anno feptimo & o&avo Gulielmi III. C. 31.  485

by the faid governor and company; which reconveyance (hall be an evidence of such difcharge.

XXXIV.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That in Penalty for cafe the faid governor and company (hall chargeany lands, interefts charginglands or other eftates fo to be conveyed to them for fecurity, as afore-

faid, with any greater fum of money than what they (hall lend thereon, that such furplus charges mall no ways afledl the faid lands, or other interefts or eftates with any fum of money more than the monies lent thereon to the owners thereof by the faid governor and company; and the perfons fo offending, (hall for every such offence forfeit and lofe treble the value of such furplus charges, to be recovered by a<ftion of debt by the owner of such l?nds, or other interefts or eftates, or by the perfon or perfons having such bill oh bills thereon, in which no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed.

XXXV.  Provided, That all or any bills to be given out by Bills under

the faid corporation, under their common feal, payable to any  the cor.

certain perfon, or the bearer, (hall intitle the bearer thereof,

whether he or fhe be native or foreigner, to any action of debt of debtagainft againft the faid corporation, for the recovery of the monies due them, thereon.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted. That the forging or Counterfeiting

counterfeiting the common feal of the faid corporation, or the £cal or bills, common feal of the governor and company of the bank of Eng* y  •

land, or iny bill or bills to be given out by either of the faid cor-porarions, lhall be felony without benefit of clergy.

XXXVII.  And for the better enabling the faid corporation to intcreft on

. recover the monies to be from time to time lent by them 6n fe- land fecurity, curities of lands, or other interefts or eftates, as atorefaid, be it pot beine paid enabled, That in cafe the intereft to grow due thereon (hall be  *  >

behind and unpaid for two years together, and that the faid cor- may 0 poration (hall by a monthly account, or other publick advertife-nient, demand the principal money due on the lands or other eftates or interefts, .in refpedt whereof such intereft (hall be unpaid, and that the principal money fo demanded (hall not be paid within three years next after such demand, that in such cafe, the faid corporation, or their truftees, at any time after the end of the faid three years, upon giving twelve months notice in writing, under the common feal of the faid corporation, to be left at the houfe or place of refidence of the owner of such land or eftate, of the day and place for expofing the faid lands or other interefts or eftates to a publick fale, (hall, or lawfully may, by such publick fale, fell the fame lands, or otner interefts or eftates, to the beft purchafef, and out of the money arifing by fale detain ind keep to themfelves the monies to them due thereon, and all cofts and charges relating thereunto,returning the overplus (if any Detaining tj,c be ) to the owners of such lands or other interefts or eftates, and monies due :hat then and in such cafe the owner of such lands, or other inte- and charges, -efts or eftates, except the owner of such an eftate beaninfant,with- a"d returning )ut his or her joining in the conveyance thereof, (hall ftand ab- to he Spjytely fore-clpfed from all equity of redemption* of the fame, fbreclofed, ex-

l i J  XXXVIII.  cept infants.

Anno feptimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c.31* (1696.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enadted That any member of the houfe of commons may be a member of the (aid corporation* or a director, manager or truftee thereof, any a& heretofore made notwitii (landing.

XXXIX.  And be it further enadted, That any guardian or truftee for any infant, may, for the benefit of such infant* advance aud pay a fum, not exceeding one moiety of the monies within his or nertruft, upon the terms and recompences herein mentioned; and such infant, upon payment of such fum* (hall become the contributor thereof, and the guardian or truftee (hall be difcharged from the fame.

XL. And for the more effedtual execution of this a&, according to the true intent and meaning hereof, be it enadted*That it (half be inferted in the faid letters patents of incorporation, that no perfoo (hall be capable of executing the office or place of truft, as a truftee, diredtor or manager or the laid corporation, until he hath taken the oaths to be adminiftred (in manner as in the faid letters patents (hall be diredted) appointed to be taken by an adt made in the first year of the reign of his (aid Ma-jefty and the late Queen Mary* intituled. An aft for abrogating of the oaths ofJupremacy and allegiance y and appointing other oaths* and alfo an oath in like form as following, viz.

OttSu  T Do bortb /wear. That to the befi of my judgment I will truly ex-

X ecute the office of  in  all things, auording to the

true intent and meaning of the aH of parliament eftabBJbmg the fame.

So help me God,

XLI. And for the better difeovering of any incumbrances Sv^^fcribe uP°n rccorcU which affedt lands, be it enadted, That it (hall

48 6

Member of parliament may be of the corporation.

Guardian may advance money for benefit of infant, but infant to be the contributor.

Truftee*, &c* to take the oaths z W.

M. fefll 1. c.S. and the oath in this aft.

dockets, &c. paying the fees.

No member to

and may be lawful for the faid Corporation, or any officer, attorney or clerk, to be employed by them, from time to time, to copy out and tranferibe the dockets or notes of any extents, judgments, ftatutes or recognizances kept in any the offices of the feveral courts of record, paying to the mailers or clerks of the feveral offices, the ufua] rates ana fees for fearqh only of such extents, judgments, ftatutes or recognizances.

.-w  _  XLII.  And be it enadted, That no member of the faid corpo-

biT adjudged'a ration (hall, in refpedt of his ftock therein only, be, or be ad-bankrupt in judged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning, •***  ^  or  made againft or concerning bankrupts;

nor fto^kTia1-' S|nd that no  faid corporation, (hall be mbjedt or lia-'

ble to foreign ble to any foreign attachment, by the cuftom of the city of Lon- ’ attachment, don, orotnerwife.

XLIII. And whereas in and by an all of parliament made in tit fifth and firth years of the reign of bis Majefiy and the late §tueen Mary of bleffied memory, intituled* An adt for granting to their ( Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale,' and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid ad mentioned, to such perfons as ihall volun-'

tarily

u

&« w.

c. 7.

• ^

5g6.] Anno feptimo & oGbavoGulielmi HI. C;31.

irily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards irrying on the war againft France, it is provided and enafled. That >ere  Jhouldbe  raifed, levied, collelied,  and Mid to their

<eir heirs and fuccejfors, until the feventeentrrvf May, one thousand v hundred ninety and Jeven, for every gallon of fait and ode at the falt-works, or taken out of any pits within the kingdom of ngland, dominion of'Wakes, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, te penny half-penny, and after that rate for a greater or lejfer ty : and  whereas famedifpute hath fince arifen, whether fait refined,

- fait madefrom  fait, either imported or made in England, and hath

aid the duties by the faid ail  impofed,  andisfince melted either

t fea water or other water, and made into fait  flsall be charged

nth the duty of one penny half penny: for the fettling whereof, it

; hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That _ ,

II fait made from rock felt, (allowing the drawback for the faJmJSdt fair une, as in the faid aft is mentioned) and all refined fait, or and refined ' lit made from felt, either imported or made in England, was &lt,topavone nd is intended to be charged and chargeable with the faid duty penny "«f f one 'penny half penny per gallon ; any thing in the faid aft to he contrary notwithftanding.  8

XLIV. And whereas the meafurts for making the Winchefter All &lt,except ujbel at eight gallons to the btijbel, appointed by the faid aft for mea- rock frit to be iring  offait, for payment of the faid duties, art various and unequal,  **

nd have proved inconvenient, not only to the duties, but to the makers nd traders in fait in general :for the prevention whereof, and 9 fie 10 FI he payment of the faid duties more equally, it is hereby dedar- s* <•/ *■

:d ana enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all fait at all felt vorks and fait pits (rock felt excepted) (hall be afcertained as to 1^.  *  ’

he payment of the faid duties, at the rate of fifty fix pounds jtturtdby 10. weight to the biifhel, and no more; any thing in the faid aft to & ** IF, j. the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.  **•  *•

XLV. And be it further enafted and declared by the autho- Salt brought rity aforefeid. That all felt, whether brought from Scotland by from Scotland,, land, and alfo all imported fait, whether the fame be of the pro- ^ duft or manufefture of this kingdom, or of the dominion of before duty Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, brought in, landed, or paid, to be tor-put on fhore, before due entry made with the officer appointed feted, to receive the fame, and payment of duties by the faia aft impofed, fhall be forfeited, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that (hall or will feize, inform, or fue for the fame; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XLVT. And for the better afcertaining the faid duties on fait, _ according to the buthel of fifty fix pounds weight herein before declared, in all parts and places where any falt-work or fait- to provide a pit is or (hall be; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That beam, See. for every colleftor or officer, appointed to receive and colleft the weighing of faid duties, fhall from and after the faid feventeenth day of faIc‘

May, one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, provide at every such falt-work or falt-pit, a fufficient beam, fcale, and weights, or ftilyard, and dull hove liberty to fix the feme in fame conve-

11 4  nient

4-S? Anno fcptirrio & odtavo Gulielmi IIL cl 3  [ 1696.

nient place in or about such fait-work or {alt-pit, for the weighing all fait that (hall be delivered from such fait work or (alt-pit; and that one or mory>erfon or perfons (as occafion (hall require} Jiving on or near fucWTalt-work or falt-pit, (hall be admitted and fworn to the due and true weighing all falc from thence to be delivered, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace near adjoining (which oath he or they are hereby empowered to ad-Weighers to minifter) without fee or reward; and such weigher and weigh-be (worn, and ers (hall be (atisfied and paid for their pains for weighing such kk* by  collector or officer for the faid duties; any thing

herein, or in the faid former ad, to the contrary hereof not-withftanding.

XLVII. And whereas the carriers of fait do frequently had revival borfeswith fait at one falt-woriy ana at one time, for ivhicf they have had but one warrant or permit, and are often obliged, for convenient carriage of the faid fait to feveral places^ to feparate the faid borfeSy and to drive them Jeveral roadsy by which means fome of the *  . f fdtd fait has been liable to feizure: for prevention therefore of such

STiThave inconveniencies to the faid carriers, it is hereby ena&ed, and the permits gratis officers are hereby ftridly charged and required to deliver for fo many gratis, and without delay, such and fo many feveral warrants or m permits to each carrier q( fait, as he (hail demand, for such fe-time atOI>? vcra* horfe-loads of (alt as he (hall load at one time, and at one falt-work, any thipg heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding. Rates paid by XLV1II. Provided always, ai>d be it enaded by the authori-c & * w. & ty aforesaid, That all and every the fates and fums of money di-M. c. 7. for reded to be paid by an ad made in the fifth and fixth years of conte\r)cx- tbc re*Sn ^is Majesty and the Jate Queen Maryy and herein ported/tobe  recited, for the feveral fprts of fi(h (except conger) therein

paid during mentioned, to be exported, (hall be allowed and paid, du-tbis ad. ring the continuance of this ad, in such manner as by the (aid first recited ad is direded and appointed j any thing herein to the contrafy notyvithftanding.

Salt (except XLIX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all foreign) to be perfons felling fait (except foreign fait) made for ufe, (hall from the buiLel t0 a^er ^feventeenth day ot Mayy one thousand fix hundred and not qt’her- ninety and fix, fell the fame after the rate of fifty fix pounds wife.  weight to the bufhel, and not otherwife, and fo in proportion

Penalty.  f0r a greater Or lefler quantity j and that every perfon offending

kiotherein (halj for every such offence forfeit the fum of five pounds f, ? *  to .the informer, to be fued for and recovered in such manner as

?  other forfeitures by this ad are to be fued for and recovered.

1^. And to the end the yearly fund, intended to be fettled and payable by this ad for ever, fubjed neverthelefs to the provifo of redemption aforesaid, may be the more certainly and effedu-ally raifea, and for the better fecurity and encouragement of all ' and every such perfon and perfons who (halj fubferibe and advance their money for the ends and pufpofes before mentioned: further impo-wc your Majesty’s feid dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons rations. of England in parliament aflembled, have given and granted, and flo hereby give and grant to your Majesty, your heirs, and foc-

peflors,

489

i 696.]' Anno feptimo & o&avo GulielMi III. c. 31.

ceiTors, Kings and Queens of England, the further impofitions, rates, and duties herein after fpecified.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fiuther im* That all "and every the impofitions, rates, and duties, upon P°fiUon*-glafs, .or glafs wares, ftone bottles and earthen bottles, and every of them, granted by the abovementioned adt, intituled.

An aft for granting to his Mqtfty certain duties upon glafs wares, ftone and earthen bottles, coals, and culm, for carrying on the war againft France, (hall be railed, levied, 9olle6ted, anfwered, and paid unto your Majcfty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, Kings and Queens of England, for ever, £sfr.

The feftions between LI. and LXXIV. are omitted, becaufe they relate wholly to duties on glafs wares,ftone bottles, and tobacco pipes, which duties are determined by q & \o W. cap. 45. and by 10 y 11 W. 3» cap. i&. and the reft of the aftK here omitted,, is expired*

Claufe of loan on arden regift red, at yl. per cent, or on bills at 3d.  ^

cent, per diem for 1,464,0001. King to appoint bow much of the faid mm 7  *  **  C*S*

(hall be lent on credit of orders, or advanced on bills. Monies lent not to t be taxed. Monies to be paid in courie, intereft every 3 months. Penalty1 for undue preference. Orders afligoable. Bills payable on demand with intereft at 3 d. per cent, per diem f to oe fatisfiedout of the current monies in the Exchequer. Auditor to make bills of credit of to. 10,30,50, or tool, each. Counterpart to remain in books. Bills to be delivered to the tellers, and by them to such who advance monies, and to pafc ih payment.

Tellers on demand to pay principal and intereft, without further warrant.

Penalty on teller refoung. to to do. Auditor and tellers to keep true accounts, to which free accefs (hall be had. Bills paid off to be cancelled, ahd accounts to be difeharged thereof. Old bills to be lifted again, or new ones made.. Penalty on officers iffting out bills for more than the fum limited. Forging or counterfeiting bills of credit, felony. Charge of making bills. Sec. to oe defrayed out of monies lent. Cafh to be referred for circulating bills. Bills of credit /nay be exchanged for a perpetual yearly rent at 7 per cent. Intereft payable out of the fait duties, See. every half year. Orders to be figned for payment without fee. On payment of principal and intereft the yearly rents and payments to ceafe and determine. Subfcribers intitled to the fond of 173,4821* per nmmm.

Monies fubferibed towards a national land bank. See. to be iflued for paying off orders of loan, bills of credit, and annuities. Treafury to difeharge the orders, bills, See. as money comes in. ‘ Oh paying off the fame, duties ' and fund totally difeharged or such orders, Sec. Orders so remain after- * wards in the Exchequer as vouchers. Bills paid off to be cancelled, if not iflued again, or renewed. Coiporation to enjoy the yearly fond. Subfcribers may mortgage lands for Securing one fourth-part 01 theirfubferip-tson. Lands mortgaged may at any time be difeharged. On judgment obtained againft the corporation for debt charged on the fund, officers of Exchequer may pay the money. National land bank may difeharge the fond from tallies, bills. Sec. Corporation not to lend money at intereft. unlefs to the King or bis fubje&s. If duties not fufficient to fatisfy the yearly payments, treafury may make the fame good out of the monies unappropriated. 140,0001. for making good the duties of tonnage, too,0001. to be paid weekly to the governor and company. 40,000!. to the purchasers of annuities oy quarterly payments. 1,816197s 1. appropriated for the fervite of the navy, and the remainder to the land forces. The fums here- ^ by appropriated, to be diftributed according to the aft iW,&M. f.%. c.i. £  *  3

XCII. And for the preventing of exa&ions upon Tale of fait this kingdom, and to have th? rates 3x3d prices (hereof ascertained j

&c.V0‘>

490 Anno feptimo & offctvo Gulielmi III. c.31.  [1696.

tained; be it further ena&ed and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the lord mayor and'court of aldermen of the Lord mayor city of London (hall and may, and are hereby required, in the court of aldermen within the city of London, upon or be-fore the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufimd their general fix hundred ninety and fix, to fet, afcertain and publifh, in fcffioo*. to _ writing, certain reafonable rates and prices upon all fait to be fettle the price fold, or expofed to fide, after the laid first day of May, in the **  city of London and prerinAs thereof, and the bills of mortality ;

and that the refpe&ive juftices of peace for the refpe&ive counties, cities, and places, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales,znd town of Berwick upon , dull and may, and are hereby required, upon or before the first day of in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, at the fcveral and refpe&ive general feflions of die peace for the laid fcveral and refpe&ive counties, cities, and places, wherein they are or (hall be juftices of the peace, fet, afcertain, and duly puUifti in writing, certain reafonable rates and prices upon all talt to be fold or expofea to fide after the (aid first day of Augufi, within the (aUJ fcveral and refpe&ive counties, cities, and places, wherein they are or (hall be juftices of the peace; and that the lord mayor of London, and the (aid court of aldermen, in the court of aldermen, and that the (aid refpe&ive juftices of the peace, of the fcveral and refpe&ive counties, cities, and places aforesaid, as aforesaid, at the fcveral and refpe&ive general fef-fions of the peace for the (aid feveral and refpe&ive counties, cities, and places, wherein they are or (hall be juftices of die peace, (hall and may, and are hereby required from time to time (if neceflary) at the feveral andrefoe&ive general ieffions of the peace for the faid feveral and refpe&ive counties, rides, and places, from and after the laid first day of  by  writing

duly made and publilhed, alter and correA the rates and prices of all (alt to be fold and expofed to fale in the faid feveral and refpe&ive places; which rates and prices which (hall be lb fet, afcertainea, altered, and corre&ed, are hereby ena&ed and required to be obferved, accepted, received, and taken by oil and every pexfon and perfons felling or expofing to fale any (ah within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Penalty for Berwick upon Tweed: and if any perfon or perfons (hall fell any MUng at a (alt at any higher price or rate, or refufe to fell any fait at the ***** rate* prices and rates aforesaid, such perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by diftrefs ana fale thereof, by warrant under the hand and Teal of the lord mayor of the city of London, or of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the place or places wherein such offence (hall be committed, or diftrefs (hall be to be made; and in default of fufiirient diftrefs for the fame, it (hall and may he lawful by warrant under hand and feal from the lord mayor payment. ^ ^ ^ Qf London,or from any such juftjqp of the peace as aforesaid, to imprifon the (aid offender or offenders, until inch

offender

169&I Anno.fepdmo & o&avo Gitlielmi HI. c. 32.  491

offender or offenders ffiall pay the Cud fum of five pounds; one moiety of which Hum of five pounds is hereby enafted to be paid to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, and the other moiety thereof to be paid to such perfon or perfons as (hall inform and profecute for the fame, before the (aid lord mayor of Lett Jen, or the faid refpeft i ve juftices of the peace as aforelaid.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority This aft not aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (hall be taken orto ■*** j“df-conftrued to the prejudice of any judgment given in any of his Majefly’s courts at fVcfinunfler, or any fuit now depending ^  *“*

there, in relation to the melting or refining.of (alt.

CAP. XXXII.

An all for the eafeof jurors, audtetter regulating of

TT7HEREAS for trials of caufes upon writs  Nifi prius, and jGeo.a.c.sj.

Vf ether caufes at affisus, the Jberiffs do return a competent number ofjurors for fitch fervites %  but it often that matey of the

caufes, which are brought down for trial, do not go ore to be trsed at the firfi affixes, but are brought down again to be tried at fame other (ubfequent affixes, whereby the jurors returned to try filth caufes are compelled to attend at fevered affixes for trial of one and the fame tastfe, to their very great expend ana troub; and forafinucb as by. partiality and favour  of \jberiffs, the corruption of officers, and matey

ether.evil  practices,the  fervice of jurors has been found to be very

burdenfome and grievous; for remedy whereof be it enafted by the King^s moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and hy the authority of the fame. That if at any time hereafter any plaintiff or demandant, in any caufe depending in any of the courts at which (hall be at iffue, (hall fue forth, or bring to any iheriff,'der to trial, any writ of. Venire facias, upon which any writ of Habeas - and proceed para, or  Difiringas, with a JVM prius, (half iffue, in order to the not*

trial of fuen iffue at the aflizes, and that such plaintiff or de-mandant (hall not proceed to the trial of the (aid iffue at the aflizej' laid first aflizes after the tefte of every such writ of Habeas Cor- ' par a, or  Difiringas,with a Nifi  prius,that then and in all fuch

cafes {other than where views by jurors (hall be direfted) the plaintiff or demandant, whenfoever he (hall think fit to try the *®dI a 1new (aid iflue at any other aflizes, lhall fue forth and profecute a new writ of Ventre facias direfted to the (heriff in this form:

todde.novo venire facias coram,  lie. duodetim liberos legates Vatm of the

homines de vidneto de A. quorum quilibet habeat decern librat' terree wnt* tenementoV vel reddituum per annum ad per quos, lit. qui nee, lit.

And the refidue of the faid writ (hall be after the ancient Defendant manner i which writ being duly returned and filed, a writ °f ^STfoined Habeas Corpora,  or Difiringas,with * Nifi prius, (hall iffue there- againft him,

upon (for which the ancient and accuftoracd fees (hall be taken, may fat a new

and  and

49* Anno feprimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 32. [1695.

profecute the and no more, as in the cafe of the Pluries habeas Corpora, or fame by,Hab' Difirings with a Nifi prius) upon which the plaintiff or de-€9rp or tfrw.  (hall  ancj  may  proceed  to  trial,  as  if  no  former writ of

Venire facias had been profecuted or filed in that caufe, and fb No more than toties quoties as the cafe fhall require: and if any defendant or the ancient tenant, in any a&ion depending in any of the faid courts, fhall ^fken*11 **  ** m*n^c^ to bring to trial any iffue joined dgainft him, when

tafen. by the courfe in any of the faid courts he may lawfully do the fame by provifo, such defendant or tenant fhall or may, of tbe iffuable term next preceding such intended trial, to be.had at the next aflizes, fue out a new Venire facial to the fheriff, in form aforesaid, by provifo, and profecute the fame by writ of Habeas Corpora, or Dijiringas, with a Nifi prius, as though there had not been any former Venire facias futd out or returned in that caufe, and fo toties quoties as the matter fhall require.

Writs of Fm* II. And be it alfo ena&ed and declared by the authority iff'&c: wi*h a aforefaid. That every writ of Venire facias, and evety writ of futriom and Habeas Corpora, or Dijiringas, with a Nifi prius, fued out and profecuted, to profecuted, according to the purport and direction of this a<ft, be good m and all trials, entries, and proceedings thereupon, fhall be good and warrantable by law, and not be erroneous, or be ailigned or aflignable for error; any former law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitnftanding.

On writs of III. And forafmuch as very frequently unfit perfons are named by Hob' corp' See, Jberiffs or their under Jberiffs to ferve as jurors upon the Tales, where a Tales may be prayed or demanded, by virtue of tbe Jlatute number of *n t^at cafe provided: be it further enacted by the authority jurors, others aforefaid. That in every writ of Ifabeas Corpora, or Dijiringas, to he returned, with a Nifi prius, where a full jury fhall not appear before S5H.3.C.6. the juftices of af&ze or Nifi prius, or elfe after appearance, where by challenge of either of the parties the jury is like to remain untaken for default of Jurors, the fheriff, or other mini-fter or minifters, to whom it fhall appertain to return the talesmen, fhall, upon the awarding the tales, at the command of such juftice or judge of aflize, return freeholders or copyholders of, the county where the caufe is to be tried, who fhall be returned upon fome other panel to ferve at the fame aflizes and fhall be then attending the court where such trial is Plaintiff orde- to be had, to ferve upon (mcK tales, and not any others, if fo chancnirc^ichout °f other panels be prefent ia court, or can there jurors, as if he found; and that either of the parties, plaintiff or defendant, impanelled on demandant or tenant, (hall and may have his challenge to the the Ven'Jac' jurors fo named, added, and annexed to the faid former panel, Judge may by the fheriff or other minifter or minifters aforesaid, in such proceed to wife, as if they had been impanelled upon the Venire facias trial-  awanied to try the iffue; and that the faid juftices and judge of

aflize (hall and may proceed to the trial of every such iffue, with those perfons who were before impanelled ana returned, with thefe tales-men fo newly added and annexed to the faid former panel by virtue of this a<5t, in such cafe as he or they might and . ought to have done, if all the faid jurors returned upon the writ

596.] Anno feptimo & o&avo Gitlielmi III. C.3Z.  493

f Venire facial awarded to try the faid iflue had appeared to try Freeholder, . he fame; and that all and every such trial had, after the four Pot nd twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, hall be good and efte&ual in the law, to all intents, connruc-ions, and purposes whatfoever: and in cafe any such freeholder,

>r copyholder, as the faid fheriff, or minifter or minifters (hall cturn upon the tales9 as is aforesaid, being prefent at such reurn made, (hall be called, and not appear, or after his or their ppearance, (hall wilfully withdraw himfelf from the faid fer-ice, then in such cafe the juftices or judge of afTize, who (hall iward such tales9 (hall and may fet a fine upon every such per-on making default, or wilfully withdrawing himfelf.

IV.  And that all (herifFs of counties may be the better in- Conftables, brmed of perfons qualified, who are to be returned for trials of &c; to give in flues joined in the courts of Chancery, Kings Bench, Common 5. Pleas* or Exchequer, or to ferve upon juries at alfizes, feflions £n jurje,

>f oyer and termina\ general gaol delivery, and feflions of the tween «i and ^eace: be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That all 70 with their ronftables, tythingmen, and headboroughs of towns in each  j

:ouqty, or their deputies, or fome or one of them, (hall yearly, *** it the general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for each Duplicate to :ounty, riding, or divifion, or any part thereof, in the week he delivered ifter the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, upon the first day t0 ***

Df the faid feflions, or upon the first day that the. laid feflion [hall be held by adjournment at any other particular divifion the peace.

>r place, return and give a true lift in writing of the names and No fheriif to places of abode of all perfons within the refpedhve places, for j.mPanel P*r-which they ferve, qualified to ferve upon such juries, with their :itles and additions, between the age of one and twenty y^ars lift,, tnd the age of feventy years, to the juftices of the peace in open Penalty on :ourt; which faid juftices or any two of them, at the faid fef- conj^bles [ions, in the refpedlive counties, ridings, or divifions, (hall caufe  fond

to be delivered a duplicate of the aforefaid returned lift, by the enforced by g clerks of the peace of every county or riding, to the (heriffs or & 9 IK. j. c. 10. their deputies, on or before the first day of January next follow- Norther pro-ing, and caufe the faid lifts to be fairly entred into a book, by JJj™ the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided and kept for that juvue]c.i%* purpofiPamongft the records or the faid court of feflions; and /. 5. no (heriff (hall impanel or return any perfon or perfons to try Co/tfaMesJub-any of the ifliies joined in any of the faid courts, or to be ferve in any juiy at the afiizes, feflions of oyer and terminer, gaol fence of one*" delivery, or feflions of the peace, that (hall not be named or juflice,Scc. is mentioned in the faid lift; and any conftable, tythingman, or headborough, failing at any time to make the return aforesaid, \  *•  r‘

(hall forfeit and incur the penalty of five pounds to his Majesty ' and fucceflors, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information.

V.  And that the fummom of perfons qualifiedfor the ftrvices afore- Summons to

faid may not be fo uncertain, as hath been praftifed by officers therein, bemadeby the to the great injury and grievance of perfons liable to the aforefaid fer~  5^

vices; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That fo« the]jun>r every fummons of any perfon qualified to any of the aforefaid i, to ferve. •

fervices In cafe of ab-

494

fence, notice to be left under die officers hand*

Return to the {offices a good excufe for the fheriff; who may plead the general iflue in cafe of action brought. Treble colb to the defendant.

Penalty on IheriiF ne-glefting, or making undue return.

Hone to be a Juryman in Yorkfhire a-hove once in 4 years* city of York and Kington

Anno feptimo & o&avo GulielMI in. C.32.  [169S.

fcrviccs (hall be made by the fheriff, his officer or lawful deputy* fix days before at the leaft, (hewing to every perfon fo fum-moned the warrant under the foal of the office wherein they are nominated and appointed to ferve j and in cafe any juror fo to be fummoned, be abfent from the ofual place of his habitation at the time of such fummons, in such cafe notice of foch fum-mons fitaU be given by leaving a note in writing* under the hand of such officer, containing the contents thereof, at the dwelling houfe of fuchjufor, with feme perfon there inhabiting in the feme.

VI.  And to the end that (heriffis may not incur any penalty, to fuffer any damage, by fummoning or returning any perfon hanted in the lifts or books of jurors tranfinitted to them from the refpedtive quarter feffions as aforefeid, for not having such eftates as qualifies such perfons to be jurors ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That the (aid return to the Cud juftices (hall be a good excufe and bar in law for the faid (heriff, tor such fummons and returns; and if any action or information (hall be brought or profccuted againft any (heriff tor foch return, the (aid (heriff may plead tne general iflue, and give this adt in evidence 1 and if the plaintiff be nonfaited, difeontraue his adtion, or if a verdidt be given for the defendant, or a noli pro-feqm be entredin any information, or a verdidt pafs for the defendant thereupon, the plaintiff or informer (hall pay treble Cods, to be awarded by tne court, in which such adtion or information was profecuted, and levied by ufual procefs : and if the faid (heriff, his deputy or deputies, bailiff or bailiffs, (hall fiitn-mon and return any freeholder or copyholder, to any of the aforefeid fervices, otherwife than as aforefeid, or in any ways negledt his or their duty or duties in the fervice or fervices of them required refpedtively by this adt, or excufe any perfon or perfons for favour or reward, or allow of any writ of non ponen-

dis, in ajfisds &  juratis, or other writ, to excufe or exempt any

perfon or perfons from the fervice of any jury or juries, under the age of feventy years; such (heriff, deputy or bailiff (hall, for every tranfgreffion committed againft this an, forfeit the tom of twenty pounds, to be recovered by such party or parties grieved or injured, or whom elfe (hall foe for the fame, in any of the courts of record at  Wefiminfter% by action of debt, bill, plaint

or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.'-

VII.  And whereas the county of York (being a very large

county) bath many perfons therein qualified to ferve upon juries at uffizes, general gaol  delivery, and feffions of the peace;  yet by the cor-

ruption of Jbniff's, and their under , the burden of that ftr-vice is forced upon a veryfew, to their  and  grievance  ;  be

it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefeid. That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, no perfon (hall be returned or fummoned to ferve upon any jury at the affizes, or general gaol delivery, to be hoiden for the faid county of York, or at any feffions of the peace to be hoiden for any part thereof (tile city of York,

and

J96.3 Aano fcptijcno & oftaro Guliklmi III, c.32.  495

d county of the £ud city, end town and county of Kingflon open Hall exton  Hull excepted) above once in four years: and to die end

may appear what perfon* have been fummoned, and have  ,  ,,

$, as to Affi-

ned as jurors at any former affizeor gaol delivery to he holden/. r the laid county ofTori, or at any feffions of the peace holden >r any part of the laid county of Ybrk-, every (tariff of the id county for the time being mall prepare and keep a book or Yorktoreai-igilter, wherein the names of all such perfons who have ferved as  tbe

irors, with their additions and places of abode, and the times of all who _ nd places of such their ferrices, (hall be alphabetically entred id regidret), which books and regifters (hall from time to time e delivered over to the fucceeding lheriff of the faid county, juror at the* ithin ten days after he (hall be fwom into his office; and every end of every iror who (hall be fummoned, and (hall ferve at any the faid fCzes, general gaol delivery, or feffions aforesaid, (hall and jj*jy lay at the end of every such affize and general gaol delivery, or ^certificate :(ltons aforesaid, repair to the (tariff, or under (tariff of the thereof gratis, tid county for the time being, to have his and their names en-  ♦

red in the faid book or regider kept for the purpose aforesaid, of vhich he (hall have a certificate upon his immediate requeft^l^j, ratis, from the lheriff, or under (heriff for the time being, gijurforjau edifying such his attendance and fervice done.  *ooL

VIII.  And  whereat two ftveral pantls of jurors have been ufually

•eturned to ftrvt oh tbe grand  inquefi; and that many more panels

tave been  fometimes returned for  trials in  ,  at  the  affixes

ield for the faid county of York $ which was found to be more than ucejfary, and burtbenfomt to tie perfons there qualifiedfor tbefaid ervite; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That One panel of rom henceforth any one panel confiding of forty eight free- freehold-lolders and copyholders, and no more, (each perfon having  y

burfeore pounds land per annum) (hall bo returned to ferve on ^ juror*, &o> :he grand inqued, and no more than ten panels, confid-ng of twenty four jurors in each panel, (hall be returned to erve upon trials in civil caufes, at any affixes to be holden for he faid county of Tori (except only where fpecial juries are di-edted to be returned by rule of court) and that at no one quar-:er feffions of the peace, to be holden for the faid county, or returned on within any of the ridings within the feme, or in any placethegrandm-where such feffions of the peace (had be holden by adjournment, qu«t at any x otherwife, within the feme county, (hall be returned above die number of forty perfons, to ferve either upon the grand in- county of pied, or other fervice therej any law or ufege to the contrary York, qotwithdanding.

IX.  And whereas the inhabitants of the eity and liberty of Wed-minder ferve in all juries in tbe eourts of King’;- Bench, Com- .... mon Pleas, and Exchequer, and Uktwife at the feffions of the peaee}$jffi*?ff*f*’ uhich (by virtue of his Majtfifs eommiffion) is quarterly held for exempted 'he faid city and liberty; be ft further enabled by tbe authority from fcrving. forefaid. That from henceforth the faid inhabitants of the city on juries for. ind liberty of Wefiminfier (hall be, and are hereby exempted  ty  °*

rom ferving in any jury at the feffions, before the judices of the wuaaw *** >eace for the county ot Middkfex.  X. And

496  Anno  figflum & odavo Gaujjwii IIL &i$£ [<69^

X.  >/«/ whereas by am aO made 4m the 4 & 5 w. Jc rxi[g» of  KingWilliam <asd Mary,  .An ad  far

kc.14. reviving, continuing, and explaining feyerai laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near-expiring, comtgfi other shtitgs, as to the re- there were fevered goodtlomfes and provisions made amd ena&ed, for turning able returning able andfuffidern jurors for triads of  in  any  of

pnoragcooti- fa{0urts of. King’; Bench, Common Pirns, or Exchequer, or yatt. 1 before  juJUtesof effizt, or Nifi prius. Oyer sad Terminer,

delivery, or general quarter feffions ef the prate; which ait, as to Jo. mud) thereof as did relate to the returning of £ turns do be in force for the  Jpaceof three from the firfi  sot

thoujand fix hundred.ninety three, and from thence to the end of the next fiffipn ef parliament, which by experience hath been-founts ficialandufefuli be it enaded by the authority afoteUid, That £ I- & g1* the faid 20, as to fo much thereof as doth relate to the return-Geo. s.c. 57. ing of jurors, (hall be and is hereby continued, and Audi be in force, together with this ad, for the fpace of fcven years, from the first day of May, one thoufsmd fix hundred ninety fix, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parUamenr, and no longer.

Neither of the  XI. Provided always, and be it enaded-by the authority a-

■ds to give  fotriaid. That this ad, or the faid ad, or any thing therein

forSmmm- conta*ne^» not Prtend to give or require any longer time ingiuries,than f°r the fummonlng df any juries that are to try ally iflues join-by taw requi- ed in any of the fiud courts, that are triable by jurors of the red, nor for city of London,or county of Middleftx, than was by bun re-writ*n|fc.  quired before the making of the fiud ad ; nor (hall extend or be

'  conftrued to give any longer time, or other da/, for the return

of any writ, precept, or procels of Venire  , Habeas ■Corpora,

or Diflringas,for the fummoning, attaching, or diftraorang of any jury to appear, than was by law required before the making Juror to ap- the laid ad; but that where there (Stall not be fix days /between pear at the the awarding of such writ, precept, or procefs, ahd return unwappoint-thereof, every juror may be fummoned, attached, ar dlfhained * *  *  to appear, at the day and time therein mentioned or appointed,

as he might have been before the making of the faid ad; any thing herein or therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith (landing,  *  '

This ad not XU. Provided, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, to extend to (hall not extend to the city of London, nor to any other county London, &c. Qf any city or town -within this realm, nor to any. town corporate that have power by charter to hold feffions of gaol delivery, or fdfions of the peace for such town.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for the better encouragement of the Greenland tradt.

WHEREAS by an afl made in the fourth and fifth years tj the reign of his Majejly King William and the late Mary, intituled. An ad for the regaining, encouraging, and fettling the Greenland trade, it is thereby (amongjl other things) enact-

4

4 & j W. tc M. c. 17, EXP.

497

x6p6.] Anno feprimo & oftavo Gulielmi III. c. 34.

«/, Tltff tf /fjUtf jfxi of forty thoufani  lit Jbtuld it

rafed by  fubfiriptions by  the fevered  perfonsin tit fatd ait named,

andflotdd be paid at futb times, and in Juth manner, asjbouid be dittoed and appointed by the governor or deputy governors, and court of

committees if the company bi the fad ail  tjlfor the time

ft as the  wholefum to be  Jwfirtbedbe pad within four years;  and

that the find  company  Jhotud  fey  no farther or other  the til,

blubber or fins, caught and imported in their or than if they had been navigated with three fourths of the mariners Englilh: and whereas the fettered perfonsin the find ail named  ta

thefindjoint flock the film if eighty two thotifand pounds, but by reafin of the  prefintwar with France, and the fcorcity  the faii

company cannot at prefint employ all the /aid money fubferibed to the fcia joint flotk in the find trade: and whereas doubt bath been made, whether the oil, blubber and fins, taken and imported in and by the flips if She find company, ought not to pay feme duty or cuflom to his Majtfly: may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be crafted,  &c.

Remainder of the joint flock to be paid ai the governor, dec. (hall appoint.

The whole to be paid before 15 March, 170). Company not to pay cuf-tom for oil. See. imported into England.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft that the fiolemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers, flail be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form.

WHEREAS divers diffenters, commonly tailed quakers, re-fufing to take an oath in courts of juftice and other places, art frequently imprifoned, and their eflates fequeflred, by procefs of tempt iffiung out , of futh courts, to tho rum  and families  :

for remedy theftof be it crafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, oy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and Qgaken in-after the fourth day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Read of an Lord, one thouland fix hundred ninety fix, every quaker within °**1* this kingdom of England, dominion of ff'ales, or town of Ber~ wick upon Tweed, who mail be required upon any lawful occa-  ’

lion to take an oath, in any cafe where by law an oath, is required, lhall, inftead of the ufual form, be permitted to make Carthew, 44*. his or her folemn affirmation or declaration in thefe words following, viz.

I A. B. do declare in the prtfenct of Almighty God, the witnefs gQeo. t. c. 6. of the truth of what Ifay.

II.  Which faid lolemn affirmation or declaration lhall be ad- which i* to be judged and taken, and is hereby enafted and declared to be, of of the fame the fame force and effeft, to all intents and purposes, in allforce m courts of juftice and other places where by law an oath is re- “ “ ** ' Vo l. IX.  K  k  quimd

49? Anno Icptimo U o&avo GoUihMi lit £*696

quired within this kingdom of England* dominion of Waits* a town of Berwick upon Tweed* as if fetch quakcp had taken ai oath in tht ufeial form*

Penalty oa  III. And be it further endSfed by the authority aforefaid

hltt afirena. That if any Quaker, making such foreum, affirmation or deck "on*  ration, (hall be lawfully convi&ed, wilfiifiy, fedfly* and cot

rupdy to have affirmed or declared any matter or thing, which If the lame had been in the uftnl form, would have amounto to wilful and corrupt peijury; every- such quaker fo oSbodin) (hall incur the fame penalties and forfeitures, as. by the lam and ftatutes of this realm are enadtril again#: perfons convi&d of wilful and corrupt peijury.

IV. Jhd whereas* hjreafin tf a pretendedferupie »f patters de refiefeH pay tithes ana church rates j be k enaoed bj If quaken re- the authority aforeaid. That where any quaker (hall refufc ta fuft to pay pay or compound for his great or final 1 tubes, or to pay aoj fafti*’ on cburch rates, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the two tier Saringwbat it juftices of peace of the feme county (other than such juftice of due, may com- the peace as is patron of the church or chapel, , whence the laid pel them tithes do dr (hall arife, or any ways intended hi the faid tithes) (brnbe*' dw uP°n the complaint of any parfim, vicar, fanner, or proprietor I0L °n of tithes, churchwarden or churchwardens, who ought to have, receive, or collect the fame, by warrant under their hands and feals, to convene before them such quaker or qeakert negfefting or refuting to pay or compound for the lame, and to examine upon oath (which oath the (aid juftices are hereby impowered to ad mini (ter) or in such manner as by this a£t is provided, the truth and jultice of the faid complaint, and to afestain and date what is due and payable by such quaker or quakers to (fee party or parties complaining, and by order under their hands and feals to direct and appoint the payment thereof, lb as tie linn ordered, as aforesaid, do not exceed ten pounds j - and upon refofal by such quaker or quakers to pay according to such order, it mail ana may be lawful to and for any one of the laid jpdices, by warrant under his hand and feal, to ltvy the money thereby ordered to be paid, by diftrcfs and (ale of the goods I  of such offender, his executors or adminidrators, muring

only the overplus to him, her, or them, neceffary charges of didraining being thereout fird deduded and allowed by the fed Prrfoni ag- juftice; and any perion finding him, her, or theoifefees aggrie-grieved may ved by any judgment given by (bch two judices of the peace, auarter feffi* *nd may appeal to die next general quarter feffions to bt on*, who are he*d for the county, riding, city, liberty, or town corporate; finally to de- and the judices of the peace there prefent, or the major part of termine. them, (ball proceed, finally to heap and determine'few matter, be cmSmed an<*.to reverfc faid judgment, if- they ffuril foe caqfe \ and if to give cofis. the iudices then prefent, or the major part of them, (hall find No |udgment caufe to continue the judgment given by the fird two judices of to be fuper- the peace, they (hall then decree the lame by order <n felfions, and (hall alfo proceed to give iuch cods againd the appellant, to be levied by diftrcfs and fele of the goods find chattels, of the

faid

i6g6.] j . jAanoJjptiiio & a&tro (StTilfiLMl III. C.35.  499

bid appellant^ as to.tUemfhalHoem jufband reafbnabier and fed«d by bo yMrtBHpp.«t judgment had of to be had by virttte oftbis orari' aft (hall be removed or (upericded by any writ of terticntti or other writ oat of his Majjefly’s courts at  or any

other coart whatfbevar, wikis the tkk offueh tithes (hall fee in qncftiqn.

V. Psorided- always. That ill cafe any fitch appeal be made No diftrefs till as afonfasd, no warrant of diftrefii (hall be granted until after aPP*?1 •* de* such appeal :bo determined.  termwed.

Vi,- Provided, and. be.it etta&ed, That tm quakerarrepoted Quakennotto quakbr (hail by virtue of this act be qualified or permitted’ to ^e:^*"ce in give evidence in any criminal caufes, or ferve on any jurn*s,:or  See.

bear any office or (dace ofrprofit m the government ; any thing Tbu oh w in this aft contained to the'contrary in any wife notwith (landing. made perpetual VU, Provided, That -this aft mall contxnmein force for the jfJ G_n^ ^ fpace of: (even years, and from thence to the end of the next fefiion of parliament, and no longer.  iGto. 1  7.

; • CAP. XXXV.  .

An a& ftr the enforcing the laws wfoiebreftrain marriages without lieeme or touts, and for the better regiftring marriages, births, and burials.

TX7HEREAS by m aft of parliament made in the fifth and <Sc6vr.tt VV fixtb years of the reign of his Aiajefly King William, and "l. c. *1, the late  Queen Mary of biffed memory, intituled. An aft for grant-

ing to their Majeftks feetrai’duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, for four years, towards carrying on the war again#

France, it is ammgft ether things enabled, That a duty or of fivtJbiUings /ball be rated, levied,titiefted and paid, for every piece  ef paper  orparchment,- upon  which any licence or eerificate of

marriage jbould be written or ingrfffed: • and whereas by a in another aft of parliament made in the finth and fevenfb years of bit Mqjefty's reign, intituled, Anaft for granting to his Majesty,6&*yr.j.c.«. certain rates and duties upon marriages, births, end burials, and f. j*. upon bttchejors and widowers, forthe ttnnof five years, for Carrying on the war again#  France with vigour, it h other

thing* enafted and provided, That no perfin /hall be married at any place protended fie  be exempted/rent the vtfitation of the  of tht

diotefe, withouta licenceftrft hadandobiained,  the barms /hall

be published and certified according to-law.\ and that every parfon, vicar, and curate, whojhall marry, any contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, Jhallforfeit: the  of one hundred pounds:

which clatfe was ft enacted and providedfor the better levying,  and  collefting  the  aftrefaid.duty of five/hilUngS upon every li-

cence or certificate of marriage, put by experience, is found ineffectual . for the fame,  in regard the  ftdd  Penalty of me  is not

extended to  every offence  of the fame parfon, , or  , fo of-

fending as aforefafd:and whereas the forte and intent of tht find claufe is ethermft eluded and made of none effort, by feveral , vicars,.-and.curates,  who to avoid the penalty  if one hundred

K k 2  pounds.

500  Anno feptitno & odtavo Guliblmi III. c.j5. [1696.

founds, do fubftitute and employ, and knowingly and wittingly fuffer and permit, divers other minifiers to marry great numbers of perfons in their refpefiive churches and chapels, without publication of barmsy or licences of marriage firjl bad and obtained •, many of winch rmnu filers fo fubftituted, employed, permitted, and fuffered to marry, as aforesaid, have no benefices or fettled habitations, and are poor and indigent, and cannot eafity be difcovered and convicted of the offence: aforefaid: and whereas divers minifiers being in prifon for debt and otberwife, do marry in the find prifons, many perfons reforttng thither for the purpojes aforesaid, and in other places for lucre and gain u tbemfehes; oy alt which means the duties and impofitions upon licences of marriage, as aforesaid, are greatly ddmimjhed and fubftratfed, and many other great imonveniencies do arife : for the remedying and preventing whereof,

EL Be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by Penalty on the authority of the fame, that from and after the four and paHbns mar* twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, every parfon, vicar, or curate, who ccnce, " fhall marry any perfons in any church or chapel, exempt or not exempt, or in any other place whatever, without publication of the banns of matrimony between the refpedlive perfons according to law, or without licences for the laid marriages first had and obtained, (hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

III.  And for the more effedtual preventing the abides afore-faid, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every

and for per- parfon, vicar, or curate, who fhall fubftitute or employ, or mittingothers knowingly and wittingly fhall fuffer and permit, any other mi-fr to do. nifter to marry any perfons in any church or chapel to such par-ion, vicar, or curate belonging or appertaining, without publication of banns or licences of marriage first had and obtained, fhall for every such offence forfeit the film of one hundred pounds ; the aforefaid refpedtive forfeitures to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, wager, or protedtion of law, or any more than one impariancp, (hall he allowed; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs, and fttc&flbrs, and the otner moiety to him or them who (hall inform or foe for the fame.

IV.  And for the better afeertaimng, levying, and collecting. Penalty on the faid duties on marriages and licences, as aforefaid ; be it those married further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after without li- the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of out Lord cence, or onc thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, every man fb married

ma§ 5 without licence or publication of banns, as aforesaid, fhall for-feit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, together with cofts ritfksaJ^insr  *n  manncr as aforesaid, by any perfon who fhall inform

at such mar, or fue for the fame ; and likewife that every fexton or pari/h liases. clerk, or othpr perfon adting as fexton or parifh clerk, who fhall

know-

i 696.] Annofcpdmo& oftavo GulielmHII. c.35.  501

knowingly and wittingly aid, promote, and affift, at such mar* riages to celebrated without banns or licences, as aforesaid,

(hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered with coils of fuit in manner as aforefaid by any perfon who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

V.  And whereas divers children who are bom within tins kingdom

are not chrijlened according to the rites and ceremonies of the church of England, and many are chrijlened in private bou/esj nor are too parents of such children obliged by the aforefaid aft to give notice to their relpeftive mimjlers> of the births of such children;  for want

whereof an exaft regifter of all perfons bom is not kept,  and many

perfons chargeable with the duties in the faid aft mentioned do thereby efcape the payment of the feveraT[urns due to his Majefiy, and charged upon them by the Jaid aft, by reafon of the births of such children:

for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority  aforesaid,  6n

That from and after the four and twentieth day  of June* parents not

which (hall be in the year one thousand fix hundred ninety and giving notice

fix, the parents of every child, which (hall at any time be bom » 5

after the faid day and year, and during the continuance of the child

faid ads, or one of them, (hall within five days after such birth

give notice to the refpedive redor, vicar, curate, or clerk of the

parifti or place where such child was bom, of the day of the

birth of every such child: and in cafe any parent (hall negled

to give such notice as aforesaid, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of

forty (hillings, one moiety thereof to the Kin£s majefty, and

the other moiety to the informer; the which faid redor, vicar,  rt~-

curate, or clerk of theparUh, or their fubftitutes, are hereby (ters to be kept

required* during the continuance of the faid ad, to take an ex* of children

ad and true account, and keep a diftind regifter of all and every notebriftened

perfon or perfons fo bom in his or their refpedive pari foes or ™ Sd^br °

precinds, and not chriftened j for doing which the parents of such i*giitring.

child, or one of them, (hall pay to every such parfon, redor, vi- Penalty on

car, curate or clerk of the parifo, the fum of fix pence; and

if any such redor, vicar, curate, parfon, or minifter, (hall re- jjj?Iucft

fufe or negled to keep a true regifter thereof, as before is dirtd- ®

ed, such parfon or other mhuftcr, fo offending, (hall forfeit the

fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by faeh perfons, and in

fych manner, as in the faid recited ad the forfeitures therein

mentioned are appointed to be recovered ; any thing in the faid

law contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  And whereas by reafon of fome defeds in the faid laft recited ad, and doubts arifing upon the fame, divers perfons chargeable with the duties in the faid ad are not taxed as by the. faid ad they ought to be, by reafon whereof the faid ad is eluded : be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforesaid, comm^lon. That the commiffioners, or any two of them, by the faid ad £j.f t0 admi-appointed to put the fame in execution, (hall and may, and are nifter oath* to hereby required to adminifter the oaths in the faid ad mention- the coUe&ors, ed, and by the faid ad appointed to be taken by the afleflors for

the first year of the five years, for which term tne faid duties are granted to the feveral and refpedive colledors in the county;

*  K  k  3  city,

§oi  Anno feptimp fc P&aVo;G#ij&£MJ£ ’UJ.!Cjg6.  [1696.

city, or place wjiere tbe ^Obfineot ipjthfcfrulaA'ctati&ed »tt be made, *v«y year during the oontinwaoce of the bid Parians to  And to the end (be duties grafted br.thciJatdaftj.may honfin

•r0^rtothT ** wre certainly, paid, into bis Msjflfihr’s Exchequer, the bid commiffioners commifllooers, or aqy two of them, (hall and may, unto fucb licences, re(pe&ivq counties, cities and places, require and copienod the certificates deans, parlous, deacons, vicars, curates, and their or any of «n<) regifters their fobditutes, of their refpo&ivq pari flies, precinris and undeTa pc-’ places twice-in every year, or oftner if they flaall think fit, to palty. ** produce and (hew forth to the faid commiffioncrs, of any two of them, and alio to the afleflors, the licence* of all perfon^mar-Omjhfim Mi *’“d» or certificates of the banns pobliihed, and the negiftm of taftimkmmjiUall perfons buried, bom or chriftened, within the rcfpeffm h\An. c. j». pariffies, precin&s and places aforesaid, on pain to forfeit fir / ,0*  every nemedi or refufal to to do, the fum of five pounds, to be

recovered by fueh perfon or perfons, and in futdi manner a the forfeitures in the (aid ad mentioned are appointed to be recovered.

V

ten days, as. 4cr a penalty.

VII.  And whereas divers perfons are buried in other pariflics than where they lived or redded, by reafon whereof the dude payable upon the burial of such perfon or perfons are not answered to his Majcfty: be it further enaded by the authority a-Perfons hurifd forefaid. That from and after tlte four and twentieth day of rUh^nm  one  thousandfix hundred june» a^ fix, dwftiddons,

Rive notice in parfons, deacons, vicars, curates, and their refpeftivc fubftj-tutes, (hall, and are hereby required, within ten days after any perfoq or perfons (hall be by them buried in their refpe&vt pa-rUhes, preciafts and places* who are inhabitants, or refided in any other parifli or plra, to give notice in wrking of the day ana plapc, and name of such perfon or perfons fo by him or them buried* as afpr$faid, to the coUo&ors, or one of them, of the nan(h, precin# or place where fueh perfon or perfons M lived or inhabited,, on pain to forfeit fiwr every negled herein the fum of five^pouncU, tp be recovered by such perfon, and in fpeh manner as afofefaid.

cap; xxxvi,

4* *8 for continuing feveral afis of parliament therm m-

timed.

WHEREAS divers temperary laws, which by experience haw

____________  been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring: There-

r}»cTV 1 y fore, for continuing the fanje, be it enadled by the King's moft iW.&M. fcff. excellent majerty, by and with the advice and confent of the i.c.ij.forex- lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcofpar-conbnued^for ^ament afleixibled, and by the authority of the time, That an £yen years. a& made ii) the twentieth year of the reign of King Charks the Second, intituled, An aftfor giving liberty to buy and expert bather and Jkins tanned and drcffed} which a6i Was revived by an a& made in the first year of the reign of the late King James $ which ad$ were revived and continued by an ad^nade in the first year of the

1696.] Anno feptimo Be %EtmoGulielmi III. c.37. 503

reign of King William and the late Queen  intituled,

far reviving two former ails for exporting of  , for the fpace of

feven years, from the end of that feffions of parliament, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of parliament then next entiling, (hall be, and are hereby continued, and (hall be in force, during the fpace of seven years, from the five and twentieth day of  March, in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred

ninety fix, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of parliament then next enfuing, and no longer. EXP.

II.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ,g & tJ sr. That an ad made in the fixteenth and feventeenth years of the a. c. a. reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An all for regulating the meafures and prices of coals, which aft was revived and continued by an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of

King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled. An all for reviving a former allfor regulating the meafures and prices of tools, c. f. tor regal from the first day of December, one thousand fix hundred and lating the ninety, for the fpace of seven years, and from thence to the mantnem and end of the first feffion of parliament then next following, (hall be and are by virtue of this ad continued, aftd (hall be in force,’ tual. and be made perpetual.

III.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, +&j W.fcM, That an ad made in the feffion of parliament held m the fourth *«•!

and fifth years of the reign of King William and the late Queen

Mary, intituled. An all for the better difeovery ofjudgments in the *fcv W.fcM.

courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at jJ.**1*

JVcJlminfttr,which ad was continued by an ad made in the iudg* fixth and feventh years, of the faid King and late Queen, inti- menu in the ruled. An all for continuing ftveral laws therein mentioned fat one courts of year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, and from thence to the end of thethennext feffion of parliament, (hall be and are by virtue of this ad con- ^ tinued, and (hall be in force, and be made perpetual.

IV.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, 4&5W.&M.

That an a<ft made in the fourth ana fifth years of the reign of c* t*. for «-Kina William and the late Queen Mary, intituled. An aH for  £[**

regulating proceedings in the crown office of the court of King's Bench tj,e crwn

at Weftaugftegr, which was to continue and be in force for three office, mad? years from the twenty fifth dfypf March, one thousand fix hun- perpetuafi dred ninety three, and from tnence to thp eficj of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be and is hereby contiaqcd, and (hall be in force, arid be made perpetual.

CAP. XXXVII.

An all for  the encouragement  of charitable gifti  -

tit)if.,

WHEREAS it would be a graft hindrance to , and 9Qeo.%.e.\i, ether good and charitable worts, if ptrjons well inclined may % not be permitted to found colleges or fchotls for encouragement of learning, or to augment the revenues of colleges or fchools already founded,

""  Pf  by

5°4

purchase in mortmain.

Lands fo afi-

Anno fcptimo & oflavo Guublmi IJL  [1696:

by granting lands, tenements, r/»/j  hereditament*  to  fkth

colleges or fchcols*, ar to grant lands or other hereditaments to other bodies politick or incorporated now in being, or hereafter to be incarp*-rated* for other rood and publick ufes; he it therefore enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with th$ advice aad confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the TheKingnuy tome, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Kang, our grant licences moft gracious fovereign lord, and for his heirs and fuocefibrs, to alien*, or when and as often, and in such cafes as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors (hall think fit, to grant to any perfect or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs and fecceflbrs, licence to aliene in mortmain, and alfo to purchase, acquire, take, .and hold in mortmain, in perpetuity or otherwife, any lands, tenements, rents or hereditaments whatfoever, of whomfoevcr the fame (hall be holden.

—"a H. And it is hereby declared. That lands, tenements, rents or hereditaments, fo aliened, or acquired and licenced, (hall ture. ‘ not be fubje<5t to any forfeiture, for or by roafen of (ucb aliens ation or acquifition,

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aH to take away the cujlom of Wales, which binders perfons from difpofing their perfonal eftates by their wills.

WHEREAS in feveral counties and places within tie principality of Wales, and marches thereof the widows and younger children of perfons dying inhabitants therein, have often claimed* and pretended to be inti tied to a part of the goods and chattels of their late hufbands or fathers, called her and their reafinable part, by virtue or colour of a cujlom or other ufage within the [aid principality and marches thereof notwithjlanding any iifpofilitm of the fame by their hufi bands ana fathers laft wills and tejtaments, or by deed in their lives time* and notwithjlanding a competent jointure, according to the a-greement made for the livelihood of the faid widows by their hufbands* which have often ouafmed great troubles, dijputes, and expenses, a-bcut and concerning such cuftom and ufige, whereby many perfons have been and are difabledfrom makingfufficiM provision for toetrfamilies, younger children, and relations, and great difputes, troubles, and ex-peaces, have often happened concerning the fame, to the great damage or ruin of many; for remedy whereof, and for preventing all queftions, doubts and difficulties for the future touching the faid cuftom and ufage; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice aqd confent of the lords fpiri-Inhabitsntiof ^ temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Wales may for aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and the future dif- after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fix hundred pofe of their ninety fix, it (nail and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, chattehbv inhabiting or redding, or who (hall have any goods or chat-will. * tels within the principality of Wales or marches thereof, by their laft wills and teftamepts to give, bequeath, and difppfe of, all

and

i6$6.] Antao fcptutio &oftavo Gulielmi III. c.39.  505

and lingular their goods, chattels, debts and other personal eftate, to their executor or executors, or to such other perfon or perfons as the faid teftator or teftators {hall think fit, in as large and ample manner as by die laws and ftatutes of this realm any perfon or perfons may give and difpofe of the fame, within any

Jiart of die province of Canterbury, of elfewhere; and that Widows, kc. rom and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thou- ^^tofthe land fix hundred ninety fix, the widows, children, and other perioLd ef-the kindred of such teftator or teftators, (hall be barred to claim tate. or demand any part of the goods, chattels, or other perfonal eftate of such teftator or teftators, in any other manner than as ' by the faid hft wills and teftaments is limited and appointed; -any law, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall Not to take extend to take away any right or title, which any woman now away the right married, or younger children now born, may have to the rea- readymar-fonable part of tneir hulbands or fathers eftate, by virtue or ried. colour of the faid cuftom or ufage.

CAP; XXXIX.

An all for encouraging the linen  manufa 0/Ireland,

bringing flax and hemp  into, and the making of fail cloth

in this kingdom.

WHEREAS there art peat fums of money and bullion yearly

exported out of this  kingdom, for the purchafing of ,

flax and linen, and the productions thereof which might in peat mea-fure be prevented by being fupplied from Ireland, if flub proper encouragement were given as might invite foreign proteftants into that kingdom to fettle; be it therefore cnafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemBled, and by the authority of the lame. That from Hemp or Has, and after the first day of Augufl, one thousand fix hundred nine- *c- may lw ty fix, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any native or na- EnSaiff from ttves of England or Ireland to import into  direftly  from  ireUnd cuf-

Ireland, any forts of hemp or flax, and all the produftion there- tom free, on of, as thread, yam, and linen, of the growth and manufacture certificate of Ireland, free from all manner of cuftoms, duties, and impo-fitions whatfoever, the mafter or other chief officer of the veflel infreiandP° fo importing the fame, bringing with him or them a certificate expreffing'the or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the port or mark, and par-ports in Ireland, where such goods (hall be put on board, ex- ^Mmle prefling the marks, number, tale or weight, of the fpecies in confirmed by each bale or parcel mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with lAnnx.ltat.i. tltc name or names, place or places of abode of the exporter or c. •?. exporters from Ireland, and the name or names, place or places of abode of such other perfon or perfons that (hall have fworn the goods therein mentioned to be bona fide of the growth and manufafture of the kingdom, without fraud or covin, and where

So6

Extended t»

faBureu >6 Geo. *• c. t6<

tflffiih made

fftildoth to be exported coftocn free. Brih/b been doth made ef temper flax tkrwtfe men be exported emflemfree kf | Geo. t. c. 7< I 39-

Anno fcpdmo & o&avo GdlELMi III. c.39. [1695.

and to whom in England oonfigned; and alio the matter or matters, chief officer or officers of the (aid (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, on arrival in England, making oath, that die bid bales, parcels and goods therein contained, are the (aid bales, parcels and goods taken on board, by virtue of the (aid certificate or certificates fo to be produced; any a&, cuttoon, or ufitge heretofore to the contrary notwithftandmg.

U. And ftrafmntb as  tbt mating of fail doth in England is ef

groat 1  tfeand benefit to the station, and will employ mosey tboufands ef

the poor; which  manufaBure is already fet in feveral parts ef thv

kingdom, and brought to good perfection ; be it therefore enadted by the authority afbrefiud. That for the encouragement of the further improvement of the lame, all Englijb made fail doth (upon due proof upon oath of its being made in this kingdom) (ha3 from and after the first day of Augstft, one thousand fix hundred ninety and fix, be exported free from the payment of all cuftom and duty whatever, whether the fame be exported in the piece or boult, or in (ails ready made; any law, ad or ftatute, to the contrary in any wife notwithttanding.

Tbt Ekd  of tbt Ninth Volume

